C-shirt is a t-shirt with a fabric page. C-shirt has the ability to open, and close like a book. Perfect for displaying comics.
We are not safe from them anymore. The only life now is to survive. Join Cornish Assault, and take back dominance, or be CHICKEN FEED!
SYMPTOM is a spectacular 3 issue Superhero series where a deadly disease gives you power.
Welcome to a world where werewolves and vampires hunt together. Welcome to the Blood Hunt
The second King Supreme comic in the #4thWallUniverse. What's the difference between how people see you and how you see yourself?
First story arc of Creepy Scarlett compiled into one 108 page book. + the upcoming issue#5 Scarlett & the seal of Solomon.
Revenge for the murder of her lover at a bareknuckle bout sends Ms Figg on a dark and violent descent into the Bareknuckle League.
Start Twins is a new superhero comic book, exploring the lives of two extraordinary twins and how they became The Saviours of The World
A unique take on traditional Silver Age comics and an examination into the well-known and cliched origin stories we grew up with.
What happens when a demonic lord and an elven warrior are thrust from their world into ours? Guns, laughs, and maybe a bit of learning.
Issue #01 of a comic book series by Singaporeans for Singaporeans. Follow the adventures of Crimson Star as he copes with being a hero!
Top Gun with more feeling. Also, with witches, aliens, magic, bikinis, nudity...nevermind, this really isn't like Top Gun at all then.
Everyone grew up laughing at the antics of Larry, Moe, and Curly. Now we are honored to help bring their timeless laughs to comics!
4 years in the making, Apple Of My Eye is a dark comedy about an innocent girl, apples, and love that ends in an unusual twist.
The Wrath of Steelis is an 10 issue comic series that will expand on the story of the main series The Xenton Chronicles book series.
Dive headfirst into the tournament paintball scene with Gun Up, a young team with nothing to lose! 24 pages of full color.
I want to inspire reading by making narrated motion comics of my soccer superhero that overcomes disability.  http://bit.ly/1xO2O6t
A fun comic for the 7-year old in all of us.  Filled with fart jokes, pop culture references for all ages, and tons of Easter Eggs.
We are a couple of independent comic book creators, bringing you some brand new super powered characters.
A comic book mini-series set in a world where games are transfused with nearly every aspect of life and the singularity approaches.
"My Sweet Lady" is a new and wacky comedy comic book series by Black Streak ENT about a cake princess with a rotten attitude.
Give life to the original epic high fantasy comic series Runa Sagas: Jeminar! Join the heroes assembled from across generations in RSJ
An old man dies. Miles away a dog wakes up in a ditch, but something has changed. The old man and the dog have become one.
A sci-fi opera comic about individual spirit, loneliness and the cost of cultural corruption. Aria is about us and our basest nature.
Silly, funny for all ages! A cockroach's journey through Florida.
The Phoenix is a creator controlled serialized action comic with a narrative that juxtaposes science & supernatural, ethics & progress
The Nomad are lone arbiters that wander the land enforcing their own sense of justice. Follow Makya as he tracks down a renegade Nomad.
After the loss of his wife and sons, James begins physically losing the world around him, piece by piece.
A story about how one chance encounter changed the lives of three people. For better or worse remains to be seen.
Manga based on Three teens who are engulfed in an international struggle from a previous war. more on..... Facebook.com/HeroesRunManga
Join detectives Joel and Thomas on one of their most terrifying investigations. Do you dare looking at The Face of Evil!?
The story revolves around Damon and his search for his father-a Dimoni General who has the means and desire to destroy the universe.
44 page comic book collecting every Me & the Kid comic strip over the past six years from Gopher-it Comics.
Peetee putogether a boy turned robot has a button to forget his past.lets see how we ruin his future while he protects the universe...
A survival/horror story about a rescue team trying to survive a mythical demon that was released on a snowy mountain research site.
Deja Vu is a four year series. It will take you deep into the past in order to save the future of mankind.
A sci-fi comic book following a food smuggler in a future where food is illegal and eating is obsolete. Instead people consume AMBROSIA
"Rescue Cats" is a comic book about rescue cats that attain super powers and decide they want to rescue other cats and even some humans
Best selling Fiction Author, Spike Bowan has teamed up with Illustrator Taylor Cottingham to bring the War In The Backyard Saga to life
Mankind has fled the ruined remains of earth and has reached for the stars and beyond in this action/adventure/space exploration comic.
