Do you like horror? Do you believe in supporting the arts? Then help RhetOracle raise funds for their fear-project Frightful Things.
‘Welcome to Tombola where life choices have left the participants of this gameshow in a state of spiritual compromise'
Using live music, dance, capoeira and puppetry, 'Solo Una Banana' reveals a universal story about the search for "home."
an interdisciplinary performance project that seeks to reckon with + respond to the closing of Vermont Yankee nuclear plant
A new work by Mary Sheldon Scott & Jarrad Powell featuring solos inspired by an extraordinary cast of 7 Seattle dance artists.
Please join us for Apparatus, an immersive dance/technology performance at The STREB Lab on Friday June 27th.
'Irene' the Burlesque Revue is an adaptation of the full length classical & contemporary ballet I composed.
Support the NYC and LA engagements of MASS, a dance choreographed by Milka Djordjevich with music composed by Chris Peck
Considered playfully mischievous and outlaws in the world of movement, Rogue Co. brings you their 5th full length production, "PHASE."
Eclipse Performing Dance Co. depicts both the beauty of movement and the harsh reality of the big "C" word - CANCER. Together we fight!
Help me successfully produce my show!
Collaborative duo zoe | juniper seek funding to replace one of a kind Set Piece created by Celeste Cooning after FedEx LOST IT.
IDACO nyc is a contemporary dance and art event in NYC, crossing disciplines and bridging perspectives.
Mix Dance with Theatre add some imagination, talent, nerve, guts and blend with six wonderful dance artists and you have Raqs Macabre
Help SCDT fund their inaugural performance in Sacramento! Proceeds from our first concert will go toward the fight with cancer.
Your appreciated help will help finance the performance venue cost for the first annual premier of "VERVE Art Collective" in NYC
An exotic eve of HIV dance performances,  philanthropic shopping, public health mixer & global dance party promoting HIV prevention.
An innovative dance performance of 3 world premiere works, 3 choreographers, 17 dancers and live jazz music!
A solo dance work that explores how time in a Japanese Interment Camp has impacted the lives of the succeeding generations.
WatkinsDance Associates, a training programme to develop future professional dancers and improve their employability into the industry.
