Sometimes, bullying needs to be taken care of with a baseball bat.
Sometimes you have to go in to get out.  A mysterious magician hypnotizes his assistant, who falls into a dark underworld.
Years ago a local undertaker was wrongfully murdered by the town. Today he's back and after a group of girls at a slumber party.
A story about the Hawthorne's, a couple struggling with the impending death of their cancer-stricken daughter - Kayla.
How does a being become a human being? Are the qualities we define as human superimposed on a basically animal nature?

An experimental film about survival (fictional).
Two government researchers grow closer over an impromptu dinner date, but a deadly secret lingers between them.
A short film about two high school boys at the end of their friendship in the early part of the new millennium.
A valuable package has been taken. 
Tom Parker is getting it back.
"Only Fair" is a short narrative-music video hybrid film, scored to the single from ill-esha's upcoming EP "Elusive History". 
Trip is a hedonistic relationship drama about a teen mom struggling between what feels good and what is necessary for a better life.
In this short movie, the wedding of a close friend acts as a catalyst for a young man's reconciliation with an event from his past.
'Girls Night Out' is a short film about two women in a dangerous situation.
An Emerson College Short Film
The emphasis of this film is on nature, movement and the beauty of feminine strength and will on stone. First production of its kind.
Her parents murdered and brother kidnapped, River seeks refuge with the swordsman Baotu in hopes of one day finding her brother.
Trapped is a story about a struggling Irish-American writer. It explores the midlife crisis that 30 year olds suffer nowadays.
Neu World Studios...producing films that explore the mind and develop new cinematic styles- a future film noir!
It's a film about Eli, a teen in the punk scene, struggling with depression and loss, who learns to accept mortality and embrace life.
The alcoholic mayor of a small town descends into madness when he realizes that he is responsible for the baby Jesus going missing.
I am making an anthology about teenagers battling supernatural beings in order to save their family, friends and popularity.
Laura commits suicide, and her husband Samuel is stuck repeating that day, until he can save her. A science fiction drama.
A young man returns home after eight years, to a family that he expects to be much different than he remembers.
Byron Camacho's NYU thesis film THE PIT is a Godard/Fellini esque portrayal of early twenty-somethings in Williamsburg, Brooklyn.   
Independent filmmaker, JT can't seem seem to garner professional support, he finds an unlikely ally to make his utopic Scifi come true.
A dark comedy that takes a look into the oddly quirky life of Emily Wally and her pursuit of unhappiness.
In an attempt to reconnect with her husband, Sonia must learn to embrace Richard’s true nature.
The story of Matthew, an ex-convict who finds his past at the bottom of the ocean, one he cannot escape.
This is a film that I have wanted to do for many years,  I want to go old school 1970s' type of horror. I am going to take a chance, I am going for it
What a day is about a man who has wacky terrible luck in the span of 24 hours.
When a woman arrives from one of her two dads’ past, 7-year-old Lily uses the story Pebble Moon, to find out what true family means.
Film students producing a short film featuring friendship, anxiety, adventure, mystery, consequences, and maybe a witch.
A young fraud investigator has 3 days to break a near impossible case.
Before his first Valentines date, a boy anxiously practices kissing only to find a soft peck on the cheek does just fine
When Miriam returns home, a warm welcome soon leads to tension as old secrets come to light and old wounds are torn open.
Nothing inspires forgiveness quite like revenge...
A female courier crossing a post-apocalyptic frontier struggles to balance her survival against the life of a young boy.
Marty's an uptight, controlling gangster with a job to do; but when Julian, his reckless partner, gets creative, things get messy.
Playthings is a thrilling short film about a young boy named Mason who befriends the monster in his closet. Help us get our film seen!
Visions of Love is a short film about two lounge singers performing their final show together. Music, love, and a barroom brawl ensue!
Altered is the chronicled transformation of the scientist who created the zombie virus as she leaves her daughter a final message.
Fundraiser! Film project by Emerson College students currently in pre-production, trying to make it all the way to post-production!
One woman's coma takes her on a subconscious journey out of time to her true self and a final reconciliation with reality.
"3" is a short film directed by Cam Clark and the newest film by Open Sign Productions.
A powerful short film about an older woman who refuses to be moulded into the stereotype that's expected of her.
A film about an axe murderer being compelled to kill by a menacing, evil, off-screen voice.
Calamitatis Calamitatis est un conte surréaliste et blasphématoire qui souligne l'aspect illusoire et interchangeable de toute religion
Un canto a la desesperación humana.
Two homeless men share everything they receive. Yet when one of the men is murdered, is the other willing to help those in need?
"When Insanity is the only way back to Sanity"
When Robert storms out of a seedy hotel room after an argument with his wife Diana, he doesn't know it may be last she sees him alive.
In a world where blindness can be cured, a young woman discovers whether our visual landscape is everything she dreamed it would be.
A young, unemployed father-to-be must decide how best to provide for his family before his girlfriend gives birth to their first child.
A short film accepted to the 2015 Cannes Film Festival whose filmmakers need help going the extra mile to get there and beyond
A project to create four Literary Short films based on four contemporary novels and short story collections
Immerse yourself in shameless beauty and confused abandon; let yourself fall victim to sexual power, romantic love and S/M.
Near the end of writing her novel, a young woman goes on an unusual quest to find the word she's looking for.
This is the story of a young man named Billy who has just come back from a very difficult time.
How is it that almost every warm bar stool contains a hero, a star of his own epic, who is the sum of his amazing stories?
Dr Toe! Samson's Secret Strength! and 3 Other Films based on improvisations on the stories in the books of Joshua, Judges and Ruth.
