Make a magical children’s movie in the Andes and help preserve one of earth's rarest ecosystems. Ukukus, Ekekos, Pishtacos y Lanlacos.
Oculus is a film that explores the beauty of life through the eyes of a photographer living in South Beach.
Abandoned Property. Sounds of struggle, muffled. Gunshot.

Silence... A dark comedy with a thrilling twist
A feature film about the irrationality of love and feelings between two very different people in search of the perfect partner.
After two stoner morality cops in Saudi Arabia lose their police chief, they go on a wild goose chase across the country to find him.
A new, horrifying take on a Classic genre.
A tragic love story and suspense thriller that unfolds in a non-linear fashion.
In addition to trouble at home and school an insecure high schooler takes on the role of a super hero after receiving mysterious pills.
A Killing Day is a feature crime/thriller about three people and the worst day of their lives.
Heard of community theater, right? How about a community film? Join our movement to reinvent filmmaking & distribution!
Narrative Film About the Speedway Bombings in Speedway, Indiana in 1978.
A conversation between two unlikely characters who are stuck in jail explores such subjects as: war, death, guilt, and hope...
Two films that will shoot at once, capturing a school shooting as it unfolds in suburban Atlanta.
What if you threw a party so huge the Devil showed up, and the next morning you found him passed out drunk in your backyard?
A rockumentary/mockumentary about America/UK's first successful all male all gay band.
Teenagers fight for their lives in a vicious battle against an Alien race determined to exterminate mankind itself. The goal, Survive!
A solitary young man's escalating psychosis breathes life into the inanimate objects around his home.
A stunning film about the daily lives of ordinary people and the juxtaposition, which lies beneath the surface.
A film about friendship, freedom and how a single person can change your life forever.
We follow an OCD hypochondriac seeking out a cure to his nonexistent illness to learn sometimes horror is the best medicine.
Barry Dedalo exits a lifelong coma. To recover lost time, he builds a device that creates memories. The price? His physical identity.
Be a part of the first film in an projected new horror franchise based around the discovery of the knives used by Jack the Ripper.
"A mother struggles to hold on to reality as visions of her deceased son interfere with her daily life."
It's friday afternoon and things are heating up in this Los Angeles apartment building.
"To Our Bright White Hearts" is a feature film about heartache, hope, family, and surviving this thing we call life.
A film about three friends desperately trying to end their last college summer on the perfect note.
A graduate student working his way through school as a hitman, is ordered to kill the professor who is his last shot at graduating.
Feature Film about a Bisexual Down Low NCAA Basketball Player, who impregnates his secret Gay Friend, a Rare Reproducing Hermaphrodite.
A Full Length 1950's Sci-Fi/ Horror Parody Student Film about well....A SCARECROW FROM OUTER SPACE
The first integrated nightspot where Billie Holiday gained her fame & Lena Horne honed her mojo.
<iframe frameborder="0" height="420"
"You're the most beautiful thing I've ever seen, and that scares me."
Watch the Making Of a Scene in this new series of free online interactive master classes with iconic filmmakers.
A teen girl believes she’s being stalked by an increasingly violent poltergeist.
A LONELY, INTERNET-OBSESSED WOMAN & TECHNOPHOBIC, LOCAL NEWSPAPER MAN BECOME UNLIKELY COHORTS (& LOVERS) IN A TOWN THE INTERNET FORGOT.
The JOY CART Movie project is the amazing true story of 12 yr old Jarrett Mynear who lifted the spirits of children all over the world.
The story of what happens when the girl you always thought you were meant to be with, suddenly comes back into your life.
"Twas the Night" is a short film that tells the story of a young asthmatic child and his mother on Christmas Eve.  
Every family has its secrets. Meet the Bates.
A film about how US immigration policy affects undocumented teens and families living within its borders.
Two best friends divide when a new drug, Mephedrone, takes over. One finds redemption through love, the other consumed by  addiction.
An hypnotic adventure through a surreal post-apocalyptic diesel-punk world.
The story of a young girl on a journey to self-acceptance.
A feature-length film influenced by the stylistic approaches of Asian horror films and classical genre thrillers. 
 If you truly love your story and work hard to make it a reality, there are people out there who will support you and help get your voice heard!
A young woman applies new meaning to the term upward mobility.
A young artist escapes into the world of graffiti but the drugs and violence that have taken root in his neighborhood hold him back.
When Jackie and Vincent head to the lake for a quick weekend getaway their marriage is put to the test by a foolhardy stranger.
An r-rated comedy written, directed and produced by women for women; the first feature film in the US to hire a fully-female crew.
One creative man, one talented cast, one devoted crew. Watch as they set out into the dark abyss of independent low-budget filmmaking.
To Survive is a feature length dramatic thriller following an unlikely band of survivors after a cataclysmic event occurs.
The First Nudie Musical, the cult film classic, is coming to blu-ray - help with its restoration.
Damaged Goods is an independent film about a teenage boy who attempts to rescue a dog from the brutal & inhumane world of dog fighting
Paradise Pictures presents MINOR a rock n' roll road movie and love letter to the teenage dream!
A young psychic is forced to work in a fake psychic shop.
Blinded by his ambition, a salesman opens the doorway in which an alien visitor may develop the means to conquer the Earth in the 1950s
Independent feature film about two estranged gay brothers struggling to reconnect after the recent death of their father.
The story of Doug & Amy explores the tension between religion and guilt, infatuation and love, and the deliberate willing of choice.
BODIES is about the co-dependent relationship between two funeral directors as they struggle to stay connected to life.
This film explores the psychotic minds and motivations of killers trying to live normal lives while feeding their darker needs.
A Salient Pictures production about female train conductor Mickey. An elevated Psychological Thriller - passes Bechdel test for woman.
Counter-Clockwise is a time travel suspense thriller in the vein of Philip K. Dick.
This is an Art Noir from 1950's.
About Russian girl coming to USA.
She is meeting USA dancers and get slowly corrupted...
MANTUA, a town in Ohio where strangers go missing and families aren't as they seem.  Hail the Organic Ones!  Mother of a thousand eyes!
A student discovers that his mind and body are highly receptive to music and learns to leverage these new and super-human powers!
"It's Boondock Saints meets It's Always Sunny In Philadelphia."
A narrative about a Survival Reality Tv host, Jacob, who gets bitten by a zombie while shooting an episode for his show I Am Alone.
Liberation is a drama, a black comedy, an explosive action movie -- and a musical.  It's weird, intense, crazy and fun.
A feature film that addresses the dangers of the occult movement and talking boards.  Based on true events.
A thesis film for New York Film Academy.
A dark, mysterious, visually-striking futuristic psychedelic quest.
Real Treasure is an exciting action adventure film for the whole family with a distribution focus on the preteen demographic.
we have finished shooting, editing this amazing Movie African Gothic. we need 15-20k . 
we have songs by Bryan Adams, Andrea Morricone!
The story of a loving mother's desperate struggle to feed her son -- a blood-thirsty vampire!
Meme is a feature film about a woman, Jennifer, who seeks out the creator of an unusual videotape she receives at a VHS swap.
Georgia is a country of magical power, truly amazing place, where the stars are crossing special beams of attention.
Cable Call Center is a Comedy film about Customer Service.
The outré story of a loner who's ability to "live through strangers" borders on the surreal.
The Ushers were the greatest band of their generation and now their story is finally being told.
An inquisitive woman, Griffyn, channels through a sequence of mysterious clues in order to complete her late grandfather’s saga.
This is a motion picture (120 minutes) about the life of Saint Germaine Cousin who lived in Pibrac France in the 16th century.
The Road Killer is a feature-length thriller about a town terrorized by a series of vicious hit and runs.
