SSSSShhhh!!! Nobody wants to talk about what really goes on in church. We have leaders who hides behind their struggles. BIG MOUTH ME!!
A drama about Emmanuel, a businessman who never fails to impress women is seduced by a new woman who plans to poison his life.
In the story, individuals meet each other in different scenarios and are forced to make the choices between instincts and reality.
Stand Up is an incredibly tough film, with a very strong message: don't let anyone to stop you from standing up for your rights.
A fiction film based on a true story about one mans dreams of escaping life in Northern Morocco, no matter what the risk.
The Wreckling is a gripping drama sporting up and coming young talent that will take audiences to new heights and launch careers.
This breath taking film will be a classic for years to come. A NEW story! Hollywood remakes the old. I invite you to the new!
PEDAL is a new short film from the creators of the award-winning TV series SMALL TIME GANGSTER.
A short film about a young woman who, after her grandmother dies, journeys to find her mother and bring her home.
A nearly broken man who's lost almost everything in this post pandemic world tries to protect the last person he loves... his daughter.
Trent is a young man stuck in the world of male prostitution while being bogged down in past trauma.
This is a short aimed at helping our youth and is a artistic, creative, spiritual film hits some causes that young people face.
I want to organize a filmproject  that has never been done before! To achieve the most viable historic realism about medieval warfare.
A story of love, loss, vengeance and redemption. Following the life of a young man who only wanted to protect the girl he loved.
I have an idea and writing a new script for the classic "The Phantom of the Opera". I cannot reveal the twist as it would ruin it.
Trying to survive Camden, NJ is hard enough, but trying to survive the Jects Seems impossible for a group of young adolescents.
COMPASIÓN is a Feature project written by Jose Antonio Perez ( 1 1/2 HORA)about life, about compassion, about a family that has nothing
When Ben wakes up handcuffed in a strange room, he soon realizes a dark secret from has past has finally caught up to him.
Some secrets are meant to be locked away.
A drama that shows how lies can cause demage beyond repair. How far can a lie go? "Marring" will tell the truth about lying.
