We are a group of young men chasing their dream in the outdoor filming industry.
MUSIC VIDEO & INTERVIEW SHOW on the GO!
Donations will go toward costs related to the production of the public service announcement so I may achieve the rank of Eagle Scout.
This Kickstarter event is to allow our fans to contribute funds so we may purchase air time on KPTM and run our TV program!
Milestone Broadcast is producing  www.peacedayparty.org 3 events & 3 videos on 9/15 Times Sq., 9/20 Central Pk, 9/21 Cadman Plaza/Bkyl.
Artist's Table is a public TV special about food, art, and the creative process, featuring Jacques Pépin and Isaac Mizrahi.
Help us bring back the definitive game show for geeks so we can show today's nerds how it's actually done.
Preserve the Palmer House shooting location by transforming location into a Twin Peaks museum with event space and fully functional BnB
A dark and twisted promotional advertisement in the form of someones nightmare. It will be considered by the El Rey Network to screen.
An incredible story told through androgynous images that explore the grey area between femininity and masculinity revealing true beauty
An estranged brother and sister find themselves falling in love with the same girl after returning home to care for their dying father.
Une nouvelle expérience de Slow TV de 8h : la ville dansée comme jamais / A 8h slow TV experience : the city danced like never before
A complex, powerful, and highly entertaining, six-episode series completely reinventing the professional wrestling genre.
We travel the USA, documenting positive action and inspiring change with short video portraits. Visit us at RespectfulRevolution.org!!
Dreams Alive will be a TV show about 4 friends traveling the country making applicants dreams come alive for one night
We want to cleanup, upgrade and upscale all the teaching video's of Bible teacher Derek Prince, to make them available online.
"The ultimate tactical game for professional predators" 
Richard Deroo, Professional Predator
Promoting Scottish martial arts, from Muay thai to BJJ. this is a highlight programme of events, competitions and fight nights.
Feature film vignette is part of a fashion editorial trilogy. The story unveils around the main character, a beautiful bright woman.
A live, monthly video-cast town hall and Scout talk-show with guest speakers designed to put 1000 skills in every troop’s backpack.
