A physicist discovers a possible threat to the liberties of every American and wants to expose it.  But the government has other ideas.
A teenagers birthday is halloween. Spooky stuff happening in his hometown. Somehow he gets caught up in it.
The story of Dante, detective of the APD with paranormal powers, called to face a killer with his same abilities. Horror, Love, Action.
A movie about a woman held captive and her hostage takers as they try to figure out who she is and why they were hired to take her.
friendship..but what is friendship without trust
Unable to take her abusive Uncle's antics any longer, Sonya convinces her naive boyfriend Joe to kill him so they can steal his money.
PLASTICS,  is an intimate view into a broken ex- detective's interrogation of the Plastic Serial killer,  the prostitute "Juicy T",
After being forced to stay in Ghana with her Grandmother, an 11 year old American girl becomes a target in a botched kidnapping.
This Motion Picture is based on true events during the Battle of Okinawa 1945.
In VR, an ax murderer stalks his victims across an isolated island, but fails to silence the lone survivor. www.facebook.com/MarensRock
We are High School seniors in advanced cinema movie production. Our goal is to raise money for props and practical effects in our movie
All funding has so far come out of our own pockets and we need a little more to help with location rentals and equipment.
Swedish Police Thriller set in North of Sweden in a town with low crime rate
12 days, every night at 12am. What if you get a phone call from unknown person? What if every friend you know is in danger? #12MOVIE
Film Conspiracy Code
█│║▌║▌│║▌║ ▌│║▌║ █│║║ ©™
COMING SOON
One of these days .. PREPARE YOUR SELF !!!!!
Micheal is a recent college graduate. Like others its hard for him to land a job,  until he meets up with some old friends from the str
unique
Thriller about a man who starts fainting. Assuming he is ill, he goes to sleep. Only to wake up 2 days later to a banging at his door.
20 yrs. post-apocalypse, 3 survivors trek north in search of a safer life. Could what they seek be found in this abandoned beach home?
When Kevin is released from jail, he discovers that life hasn't changed much. The cycle will continue based on the choices he makes.
