Hey, This is the official kickstarter of Marco's Maine Lobster. I'm Marco. I'm a twenty two year old lobsterman turned lobster roller.
Out of the Sea is a Fast Food Fish Restaurant.
An extraordinary culinary experience that will give you the ultimate umami taste. Be part of it!
Help me to reopen the best little bar and restaurant in Columbia State Park!
This invention is to have a comfortable/relieving experience while using the Chef Grip (Thumb+Forefinger on blade). customizable
"Hell, there are no rules here - we're trying to accomplish something." - Thomas A. Edison
My idea's to make a doggie-friendly coffee shop where people and their furry family members can enjoy some great java and doggie treats
At Smokey Smiths' we aim to be the best producing fantastic food and serving drinks pocket friendly prices.
My goal is to bring back the nostalgic notion of home cooked delicious meals and add to the reverence of small town Friendswood!
Bringing the nostalgia of the 50's diner, malt shop and cars back to life.  Something for young and old alike.
Gourmet Sandwich Shope & Bakery
My desire is to create a place/restaurant like home to remind us of our grandmother's kitchen and to let you enjoy. Dinner time!
Great people deserve a great place to gather for amazing food, drink, and service. That is our goal with 1921 Steak & Brew in Hibbing.
GERIELLE SNACKS Restaurant
daily fresh and home made for lunch , dinner with fried rise with garli and fresh salad or as a bite.
A healthy on-the-go cafe with delivery!  100% gluten free with vegetarian, vegan, lactose and nut free options. Future drive thru!
A restaurant built by Veterans, ran by Veterans, serving amazing food prepared by Veterans.
Delicious food and drinks that that are hotter than hell!
Delicious Delights and Decadent Desserts cooked by the Divas of Mom and the Girls Cakes and Plates will melt your taste buds
either paid before the meal, after the meal, or with an open account.
eSports cafe and lounge for gamers and all.
