A compendium of four joyfully fun local multiplayer games for PlayStation 3 and home computers.
In Collaboration w/ Eimear Noone, The DIT Irish Traditional Music Ensemble Weaves Celtic Magic Through the Themes from Zelda.*
'Moments of Silence' is noir genre fever dream interspersed with vignettes and anecdotes.
We want to put 3D game development on Linux, so you can build and play games without leaving the Linux operating system.
Bringing back the 90's-era PC platformer with a game inspired by classics like Commander Keen, Conker, Ruff'n'Tumble & Jazz Jackrabbit.
Explore the island of Quern and reveal the secrets of its past and present in this first-person puzzle adventure inspired by Myst.
Experience the ultimate six-degree-of-freedom shooter from the people who invented the genre!
What if coins were deadly? Default Dan is a lighthearted platformer that flips classic gaming upside-down.
On a Roll is a next-gen rollerblading videogame where the player's main activity consists of performing creative tricks on rollerblades
The MADE will be a fully interactive videogame museum in San Francisco, in the United States.  Help us secure a space. 
A centuries old game of strategy taken to a new dimension. Use quantum moves to battle on a board that exists in quantum superposition.
An all new 16-Bit run'n'gun shoot-em-up based on and licensed from the original 1986 animated space western series!
The 4th album from the award-winning multimedia symphonic/rock decade long world touring video game concert event... Video Games Live!
A roleplaying video game where words CAN hurt you.
A next generation adventure role playing video game connecting smart action figures, trading cards, & comics in ways never seen before.
Turn-based tactical combat for PC and Mac, set in the steam-powered world of the award-winning WARMACHINE tabletop game.
High speed action platformer based on classic games from the 16-bit era.
Spate is a 2.5D platformer set in a rich steampunk world. There are pooping robots, giant creatures, steam powered ships, and rain.
An almost completely handdrawn platformer. 10+ characters, 5+ worlds, and several "styles" that allow you to change the game at will.
Explore the ocean, discover lost treasure, and unlock the secrets of an ancient mystery.
We want to bring you Sword of Fargoal 2 for Mac/PC/Linux/iOS completely reimagined, reworked, and stuffed with awesome new features!
I.C.U. is a horror game set on a reality TV show controlled by a live Twitch.tv audience. Can you survive the viewer's challenges?
Legends of Persia is a highly ambitious Action RPG Adventure (Includes a level editor)
An adventure game that teaches you art, played directly in your browser. All experience levels are welcome.
A turn-based strategy game for two players about spying, bribing, and loyalty.  A boxed-copy cartridge release for the Nintendo DS.
Swim around as a Microbe, trying to survive in an evolving world in this science inspired video game. For PC, Linux, and Mac.
From an artist behind Myst, C&C, and 25 other games: An adventurous puzzle journey into beautiful and unpredictable dreamworlds.
Investigate the crime scene, interrogate suspects, collect clues and solve puzzles, all to uncover the secret of the swamp!
Reformation will be a definitive set of Matt Gray C64 games soundtrack remakes, produced by the acclaimed C64 musician himself.
Save the Proppas from the evil snakes in this mobile game for all iOS and Android phones and tablets.
The Indie Game Magazine need advertisers and sponsors for our next issue and wants to help out Get Well Gamers along the way.
Explore the House, a parasite dimension of cities and secrets. A nonlinear exploration RPG for PC, packed with story and lore.
Save humankind by assembling space stations. Build, upgrade, fly, and fight with space junk on the edge of Earth’s orbit.
A bizarre and beautiful 2D adventure about a minister in Hell made by a one-man team.
Experience Prehistoric Earth as a Dinosaur in an accurately recreated 3D world, Fight, Survive and reach the top of the food Chain.
The popular Legion TD mod is becoming a standalone, free-to-play game for PC on Steam.
A screen printed poster featuring controllers from classic video game consoles from the 70s, 80s and 90s.  A retro blast from the past!
A sandbox action RPG that simulates a dynamic world filled with dangerous foes, big dungeons, perilous encounters and a dynamic story!
A videogame developer's love letter to his son; an adventure game to inspire us to love each other; a voice for those fighting cancer.
Re-experience your collection of music in a procedurally generated game based upon the track of your choosing.
Rift Rush is the best platformer available for the Rift.  Period.  (This may be because it's the only one.)
A fourth wall breaking RPG where the hero slowly realizes that you, the player, exist.
Dungeons is a 2.5D retro brawler, reminiscent of classic arcade games like Golden Axe mixed with the humor of Conker's Bad Fur Day.
Nature has dealt Dean a bum card and now he has a grudge. He is a freak, an egg-laying mammal, with a poisonous toe. Payback time!
Another Castle combines classic platforming gameplay with the randomness of a roguelike. (Wii U, PC, Mac, Linux, iOS, Android, & OUYA)
The Adventurezator is an emergent adventure game about creating emergent adventure games!
Explore a hand drawn world as you navigate your community. Capture and battle over 100 different, unique monsters.
Best Buds VS Bad Guys is an ultra-explosive retro pixel run ’n’ gun from a game developer Dad and his 11 year-old son.
A voxel-based city building game with a heavy emphasis on combat, fortifications, and siege warfare.
Turf is a free location based iOS game set in the real world where you hang out with friends, amass gold coins, & collect properties.
Explore, investigate and survive in this VR-powered interactive tale, which takes place in the 1970's wild and cold Northern Quebec.
It's not what you know, it's who: lean on your in-game friends & family to progress. Demo for PC & Mac.
An AMAZINGLY EPIC, unofficial fan arrangement album inspired by Final Fantasy 6, from OC ReMix! 5 Discs of awesome! We're BACK!
A rogue-like sci-fi strategy survival game with base building, tactical combat, crew management and emergent storytelling.
A sandbox ship-building game with a dash of sci-fi humor, where players make use of galactic news and ads on a quest for profit!
Machination is a fast-paced and deviously fun robot-building game in development for the iPod,  iPad, and other mobile devices.
"Kentucky Route Zero" is a magic realist adventure game about a secret highway in Kentucky and the mysterious folks who travel it.
>_ Before you, before me. Discover the first born galaxy, Nykra. Find your purpose, and uncover the story behind the Darkness...
A minimalist RTS / city-builder hybrid set in peaceful future space, where rules are simple and minerals are king.
Simulation strategy ant colony game - excavate your nest and engage in RTS battles with large insects, arachnids and other colonies
Dive into a mythological universe as Oboro and Vira Lazera, in hopes to prevent the world's destruction in this 2D Story-Driven JRPG.
To light the candle is to cast a shadow.
A classic-style role-playing game about the experience of not having a job!
Buy votes, make free trade agreements, manipulate the IMF, extract wealth, ruin everything. The map is upside-down.
Experience the horror of a haunted town that's never the same twice. Found-footage horror gaming taken to the next level.
Lead a barbarian kingdom to glory during the final days of the Roman Empire. An empire builder by Jon Shafer, designer of Civ 5.
A sci-fi sandbox game of creation and survival on procedurally generated planets.
Can You Survive in this Hardcore Sandbox RPG
Set in a Dark and Mysterious Steampunk World?
Leisure Suit Larry using Kickstarter to hit on everybody at once
We're adding a new aspect to this MMO set in an Infinite Universe -- "Capital Ships" -- crewed by you and your mates.
A 2D platformer starring your average joe on a journey to bring NY back to its former state after reality and fantasy merge.
Follow the Wanderer on his journey to find memories of his past, and crack the secrets of Hypnos...
An enhanced PC and XBox 360 version of the parody RPG, Cthulhu Saves the World.
A 2D procedurally generated roguelike with item crafting, dungeon looting, and a challenging combat system.
Reclaim the stars in the exciting new Space Epic from legendary game designer Chris Roberts.
Own your own restaurant in this visual novel/restaurant sim hybrid inspired by Persona 4 and Hot Dog Stand: The Works.
Bring the Ascension Deckbuilding Game to Android and PC with new features like online tournaments, campaign mode, and more!
This videogame is about conversations that will never take place.
A simulation game of the Battle of the Bulge by John Butterfield, published by Shenandoah Studio coming to the iPad!
Mega Ran's next project is a doozy: a 3-part album, a comic book series and even a video game experience!
Fire the cannons, sink ships and kill pirates with swords and muskets in Blackwake, a multiplayer FPS for PC and Mac.
Power Up - an epic, retro space shooter presented in modern style... and all made by one person!!
Take a ship and 100 credits to make money legally or illegally - trade, bounty-hunt, pirate, assassinate your way across the galaxy.
An online & offline co-op dungeon crawler, featuring custom characters & dungeons, inspired by Zelda, roguelikes, and beat 'em up games
There are only 3 weeks left until prom! Go through all kinds of absurd and funny situations to seduce one of your monster classmates.
BlindSide is a survival/horror adventure game with no graphics at all. Navigate a 3D world using only your ears and what's between them
Mankind is thrust to the stars in this journey from backwater slums across the void of space and time.
A young girl's struggling childhood twists and turns through various art, sound and gameplay styles.
A plot-driven survival co-op game for Xbox One, PlayStation 4, and PC (Windows, Linux, Mac).
Take command of your submarine and gather a crew, explore the flooded world, and discover the secrets of Diluvion.
Code Hero: a game that teaches you how to make games! Your Code Ray shoots Javascript in Unity 3D. Hack the planet: Become a code hero!
The first ever infinite procedurally generated platformer! ...We think.
Revolution 60 is Heavy Rain meets Mass Effect with an all-girl cast, made with the Unreal engine. One choice changes everything.
StarDrive is a space-themed 4X Action Strategy game with deep ship design, colonization, diplomacy, research, and beautiful 3D graphics
Journey through a dangerous and strange world where everything exists on the side of an infinite brick wall.
The Metagame is a card game where you debate and argue about your favorite videogames.  
A cowboy themed RPG adventure aboard a steam-powered airship!  Steampunk meets Firefly in a vast, immersive, Wild West inspired world!
Side scrolling space-shooter action on a mobile device!  Customize your ship and explore the sketch universe.
A fast paced 2D dungeon crawler where you assume the role of a powerful wizard on their quest for fame and glory!
Original 8-bit inspired retrofuturistic video game music and sound effects library for your creative projects and game productions!
Battalion recaptures the intensity of classic multiplayer shooters, revitalising the WW2 genre on PC & Console using Unreal Engine 4
My turn. I add a new level. Your turn. You add new story. Growing a game, is the game. It's our turn.
A dreadfully dark adventure of occult, horror, and family bonding.
Classic JRPG combat meets action packed dungeons and stylish storytelling. Use skills and strategy to survive a lush, brutal landscape.
PC game about Emergency Services - Answer emotional 911 calls, give First Aid Instructions, play on ANY CITY in the world!
Captain a ship, hand-pick a crew, and roam freely through a complex universe with freedom of choice in your goals, morality, and career
A Scifi Racing Game -- based on an award winning short film by the same artists.
A New World Campaign Supplement –  for all fantasy role playing games and compatible with 3E, Pathfinder and 4E Dungeons and Dragons. 
Ultra fast-paced first-person shooter featuring high-flying freedom of movement, physics-based weaponry, and impactful player choice.
Indie games? Check.  World class DJ's? Check.  A night of unforgettable entertainment celebrating NYC's vibrant indie game community.
Jupiter Hell is a turn-based sci-fi roguelike/RPG with modern 3D graphics, by the creator of D**m, the Roguelike.
An indie tribute to J-RPG classics. Explore a universe blending fantasy with science-fiction, intense ATB battles and branching story.
Re-imagine Aquanox with us! Pilot customized fighter ships, explore a deep sea dystopia torn by the struggle for resources & survival!
An independently developed tactical RPG for mobile & web, featuring class swapping and asynchronous multiplayer!
The creators of Ascension and Magic: The Gathering have joined forces to create a revolutionary digital trading card game.
Shoot, slash, switch and snatch to unveil the mystery of the 5th season in the most nostalgic 16-Bit action platformer ever to be made!
Dropsy is an adventure game with a focus on exploration, emotion, and surrealism. Made complete with a hint of early 90's nostalgia.
Basement is a drug-dealing strategy game.
Play an exciting Myst-like puzzle adventure game and learn scientific reasoning!
Atom Universe is a virtual theme-park for PC and PS4, filled with rides and games. Users can chat, compete, make friends & have fun!
Gorgin is an adventurous action game, based on ancient Persian legends
Our goal at Gankfu is to help gamers find players around them that play the same video games. We want people to re-connect.
Puzzle Tussle is a tactical match-3 RPG.  Fight powerful Bosses, or fight your Friends!  Upgrade your abilities to conquer your foes.
A story-driven 3D adventure inspired by Secret of Mana, and an In-Game editor for creating your own multiplayer action RPGs!
Settlers of Space is a strategy simulation builder game in outer space. Discover worlds, settle in, conquer and build an empire.
Think you're safe? Think you can survive? You're WRONG! Prepare for your Battle for the Sun!
Its a fight for your life, but the reward isn't money or fame. The reward and goal is Vengeance
We are making it possible to do anything you'd ever want in a simulation type game by creating a virtual earth.
We're creating a glorious, fun, immersive & exciting online 3D Maths adventure game, teaching UK National curriculum for KS2 to GCSE
Dungeon Hallows is a game that will test your will to travel to the unknown and face your fear for a massive reward hidden within.
The next step in endless runner games, cool characters, boss battles and nice 2D hand drawed graphics.
A Fantasy themed RPG Card game, with a unique battle system. Your compilation of unique card deck is the key factor.
A schoolyard one on one baseball game with online play and customizations.
I've been making a video game in my spare time, but I'd like to turn it from a pet project to my main focus. To do that, I need help.
Spell Scribe, unlock the mystery of the Glyphs through the story in this tile based puzzle game.
A Free-to-Play Online Open-World Multiplayer Survival Game!
Blood Star is a unique action-RPG shooter that draws inspiration from games like Diablo, DoDonPachi, and Don't Starve.
Subvert is a Free-2-Play tactical multilpayer shooter featuring customizable player classes and weapons.
This is a fun and funny game that has the same appeal as Angry Birds.
Foo Bots is a web-based game which turns programming into a martial art.  Program a virtual robot and pit it against others in combat.
A digital card and board game of heroes and high-adventure set in the fairy-tale animal kingdom of Armello!
Victorian era, fantasy action role-playing from the lead gameplay designer of TITAN QUEST!
Star Command is a spaceship management game for iOS, Android and  now for PC/Mac. Build your ship, hire your crew, explore the galaxy!
Earth needs you! Help us raise enough to finish Strike Suit Zero, and bring the space combat genre back with a bang.
Whaddaya get when you blend obsolete Steampunk with Zelda, Secret of Mana, & Megaman?
GaymerCon is the first gaming and tech convention with a focus on LGBT  geek culture.
Descent is back! Pilot your ship & battle foes through twisting, turning tunnels with unrestricted 3D movement & FPS action in Zero-G!
Flee, rebuild, maintain, travel through time and get revenge in this 2D Sci-Fi platformer.
Darkest Dungeon is a challenging gothic roguelike RPG about the psychological stresses of adventuring. Descend at your peril!
Intriguing story and spectacular environments in the spirit of classic adventures like ICO, The Dig, and Another World.
Old-school 2D graphic adventure game featuring space-time distortions, a dystopian atmosphere... and a dark, bloodstained plot.
Action meets strategy in this revolutionary digital board game for up to 4 players.
A Hat in Time is a 3D collect-a-thon platformer in the spirit of the classic Nintendo 64 titles you know and love!
IGAVANIA (n): A gothic, exploration-focused action platformer, designed by one of the godfathers of the genre!
The creative talent behind Banjo-Kazooie and Donkey Kong Country reveal an all-new platforming adventure for consoles and PC!
A psychological horror adventure inspired by H. P. Lovecraft and set in a massive, decaying mental institute.
Your favorite 8-bit and 16-bit era games mashed into one! Metroidvania meets Gradius in an exciting, modern pixel art adventure!
Jotun is an action-exploration game for PC, Mac and Linux that takes you on an epic journey through Viking purgatory.
A new action platform RPG, inspired by all the people the heroes always ended up screwing over. Stupid heroes...
Help make Jenny's story possible in a beautiful exploration based adventure game focused on story, character & mystery!
Flowstorm is a brutally unforgiving precision racing and aerial combat game, accompanied by an intuitive level editor!
Fate's Cavern is a game of puzzles with a twist.  Armed with nothing more than a flashlight you must survive the monstrosities within.
Help us transform Location-Based Gaming by creating a new map-driven iPad and Web Interface for our MMO strategy game, QONQR.
Sticky Bees: Unleashed is the deep and addicting sequel to the "slide-smash" original Sticky Bees. Fun for absolutely anyone age 1-100!
A 2 vs 2 multiplayer stealth-action thriller, with a focus on strategic gameplay, heart-pounding intensity and teamwork.
A top down exploration game in a socially aware setting that has a  non-threatening exterior with deep gameplay. 
In The Dark is a 2-dimensional puzzle platformer game about a small monster trying to find his new home.
Go Animal, is a go-with-you GPS/Map based territory capture game for your mobile phone. Play as you travel around and compete to win.
A brand new Dizzy game by the original creators, The Oliver Twins. Help us create the best Dizzy game ever!
A sequel to the 2009 Microsoft Imagine Cup award winning multi-player game, Defile of Eden for Linux, BSD, Windows and more...
Immersive 2D action platformer for PC/Mac/Linux (console later) depicting an alternate history of Laika, the Soviet space dog.
Navigate the gritty world of a Revolution!  Survive the streets and be aware of who you can trust in a city under siege.
lilt line too! is a sequel to the igf award winning rhythm racing game featuring enhanced everything & sick tunes from ill.gates!
A game where you get wet, and cows explode. Free for Windows and Android.
Strider, and Castlevania meets Dishonored and Mark of the ninja, in this highly ambitious side scrolling action arcade game.
A real-time strategy game with ninjas... on your phone! That's awesome.
Ex-thief and pilot Guy Kassel is imprisoned in a POW camp and devotes his waking hours to planning an elaborate escape.
Control a wave of light in this unique action game by manipulating wavelength and amplitude to restore light to the dying galaxy
A retro pixel-art adventure game about a boy lost in space and trying to get home. (Windows, Mac, Linux, Android, iOS, OUYA)
Valor Seed is an in-development role-playing game for the PC, inspired by the 8-bit era of video games, such as those for the NES.
Enter the world of an Assassin in LONEWOLF - Use various weapon types to explore the world of a trained killer.
Adventures in space, epic side scrolling action, monsters and mystery… all that’s missing is you! For PC/Mac/iOS/Android/OUYA
Become the most popular Martial Arts stuntman Hollywood has ever known, while learning real Kung Fu techniques and fighting in movies!
GameTron 1000: the everlasting gobstopper of gaming.
DBB is an innovative runner where you control the environment instead of the character. Featured on The Next Game Boss!
A dreadfully dark adventure of occult, horror, and family bonding.
A 2D twitch puzzle shooter with a retro feel and a hard sci-fi plot. Can you defeat the Metacell and save the universe from destruction
Unleash treacherous spells and explore the lands in this vivid fast-paced action RPG! Includes Custom tools to make your own monsters!
Help fund a JRPG-inspired, 16-bit noir detective Role Playing Game!
Bullet Bros is a modern day "Contra" style shooter with an emphasis on vehicle linking and over the top game-play.
Release your inner fantasy nerd with Location Aware Role Playing using a mobile phone and d20 game mechanics.
The first Trading Card Game in Augmented Reality on PC. Your summoned creatures appear and fight on your desk!
Mean Mallows (iOS) -  Help Choco, the last brave candy bar, battle against Mega-Graham and his vast army of evil marshmallows.
A Vampyre Story:Year One graphic adventure puts you in the role of lonely Mona, a reluctant vampire trapped in a castle by her master.
A psychological thriller aiming to raise awareness of mental health and the long term effects of heavy drug use on the human brain.
Turn-based artillery shooter game with real-time action elements for PC. Pilot mechanical units and battle against angry alien hordes.
Non-stop action as YOU take the wheel of an ice-cream truck under attack by kids on a mission to STOP THAT TRUCK!
A sandbox base-building RPG in a low-tech science fiction universe. Explore the stars with the computing power of the Atari Age!
Gravity defying, genre combining, beat'em-up, shoot'em-up, action game, brought to you by an alliance of game industry veterans!
A hacking based strategy game. Explore and control territory  defend your nodes, attack the enemy, upgrade and research new technology.
