The long-awaited follow-up to KnowMads last album The KnewBook.
After living on the road for 19 months, our never ending tour came to a crashing halt. Join the story by getting us back on the road.
Mouse Powell and The Ref join forces to bring you their most impressive body of work with your support!
The "King of Kid-Hop" is heading back to the studio to record a new album chock full of positive messages & good family FUNK!!!
Hey guys. I'm 16 OS, & I'm doing all I can to live my dreams. I've done as much as I can on my own, & now I'm turning to you for help.
Illvis Freshly is a Hip Hop group from Victoria , BC. We're recording a new EP called "Illenials" and we need your help to release it!
Social Studies is headed to SXSW in Austin, Texas this year and they need your help to get there!
Mike Smith is currently recording his first sophmore album titled "Social Reject."  Marketing this album is where we need your help!
The "Inspire Tour 2013" will ignite the belief that we can all reach the place that we're born to reach. Let's inspire the world.
Flawless Inc & Alex's Hope Foundation are creating a music video for their song "LiveOn".  Please help us to cut the price in half
#CMCP is a new double disc Cleveland Hip Hop compilation. Disc #1 nothing but classics. Disc #2 new hits from the new generation
Supporting one of God's Disciples 5ive is a teacher, preacher and through music reaches out to those who don't know Jesus
Help The Level Heads produce their band's first album so they can bring it to Austin, TX for the SXSW music festival!
The 10th solo release by Spectre, Tha ILL Saint
Montana's 20 Grand, your friendly neighborhood funk band, has recorded 11 original songs, and is starting to take the next steps.
We are Go Jungle! We have been spending the past year writing & developing songs and now it's time to record so you can all hear them!
Aspiring artists working on a cutting edge EP. We can't make it without your help. Support good music and help us reach our GOALS!
THIS IS YOUR CHANCE TO SUPPORT SOMETHING GREAT. SOMETHING AMAZING. SOMETHING REAL, SWAG.
WE ARE OFFERING GREAT REWARDS TO ALL WHO HELP!
Legendary Hip Hop producer Domingo brings the world his new album "Same Game New Rules" and the line up is SERIOUS!!
I am current creating a Hip-Hop Album, exploring themes related to Love, Faith, Dance, and My Life Struggles and Ambitions. Check it!
Yo! The Dirty Doggs have finished recording their 3rd LP titled Classic Material. Love hip hop? You're going to love this project!
SOHO KINGS is pressing their first full-length album to gain movement & growth in radio play, press, touring, and film & TV licensing.
As any family knows, w/o groceries there is no meal to make--so kick in a little for the meat and potatoes, and we'll cook you dinner!
Come be a part of Ike Allday's debut album release: Late Arrival.
Let's kickstart the American dream.
Debut EP showcasing my love for the raw art of rapping and the hip-hop craft
Indie nerdcore darlings 2d6 return for their fourth foray into the world of geeky hiphop. An album for a dollar?! You can't beat that.
With every song, I want to tell my story and make the best music I possibly can. This album is special. The world should hear this.
featuring JESUS CHRIS, RAWJAWZ, THADDEUS, DONTAY
Every painting started with a sketch, every verse started with a sentence, everything started from scratch.
This album is here to be a blessing to others, it's not for me but for those who look up to Smiley-D for spiritual encouragement!
The Vibrations want record their first album.  $1300 will fund the entire project.  Please donate what you can and repost.
Help manifest our summer project Coolzey and the Search for the Hip Hop Hearts as a DVD and CD combo and more!  
We'd like to press a 7" vinyl record. You can help! The record will contain a new songs on the A side and a brand new song by the Club on the B side.
LIVE OUT LOUD is my debut album releasing 8.25.12 CHECK OUT MY VIDEO AND GOD BLESS!
The album Vintage Flow, released digitally January 2013, is in need of being pressed up and duplicated for the fans without the web.
FRANKIE KRUPNIK -TWISTED  (DIZZLE BEATZ 4TH STUDIO ALBUM) 
WWW.DIZZLEBEATZ.COM
We need a van to tour the UK and Europe in 2015. Our 2nd album will be released soon and we want to take our show to a town near you.
The GHOST tour is a musical voyage of two good friends from Denver. One DJ & One Artist on their journey to SXSW 2015 in Austin, TX.
An honest + inspiring hip-hop album that shines a light on the humanity of mental illness + on his brother's sudden passing.
Papa Bakes' debut music video, "Relatable Guy". Teaming up with director Antoin Martin, Bakes is ready to rock your socks. Don't sleep.
Help support Genesis and Cross Centered Music bring free live music to Colorado Springs!
My goal is to get Cincinnati's best independent Hip Hop, R&B and rock artists.
Chase Your Dreams to the Edge of the Earth... And if you still can't find them, jump off behind them! #BY2B
Epic Hype Hip Hop Music Club Party
Brothers Nathan and Joel Bauman producing a new project with Grammy winning rapper, GLC, featuring various popular artists.
Like wearing a hoodie in the summer, this project will come with heat!
"While you talkin' competition is workin'."
we are just some broke, young ambitious friends looking to make some chill music for our friends; AKA everyone living in the real world
Hip-Hop / Rap / Experimental
Nique's releasing his EP "Do You Love Me?" influenced by chillwave, horror movies, and matters of the heart.
"Faith 2 Faith" is a Christian Hip-Hop Album.

Designed to increase the listeners Faith in the Saving power of Christ Jesus.
Singer/Songwriter To'nya Dylette is embarking on the rewarding journey of recording her debut album. Her music touches the soul within!
Urbanizm Music is getting ready to release Khakolak Boy's debut album, and they need a little assistance.
Bronx Fest will be A concert showcasing all of the local talent in and around the Bronx NYC; Bringing Musicians and vendors Together.
I am an aspiring actor/musician just looking to make it in this world and change it in the process.
BRING A BIG RAP NAME TO MY 1st CD HELP ME BUY THE FEATURE I AM FUNDING EVERYTHING ELSE HE SAID YES I JUST NEED A LITTLE HELP THANK YOU
This new self-produced album, Light & Day, harnesses a young artist who is writing his life in lyrics while trying to find his path.
Detroit Rain Music has created a dynamic new hip hop album for release in 2014 "The Conqueraahs"
Hot New Music
I've been working on this project for 4 years. It's taking forever because of college bills! preview @ soundcloud.com/saynave
Say you love Ty Durden's music? I NEED YOUR HELP!!
Help us raise the funds to get Black Sheep finished
Get your name on the next Temple of Hip Hop DVD, KRS ONE videos (instant downloads), plus autographed Cd's / Wax records and much much more!
I am 15 years old and have managed to get my music out to all of you previously. Now I need to make an album. Thank you
Who is BFAM Music? Simple: Evan Bane, Ryan Walker & YOU! Let's GO FAM!  Time to raise $$$ for Evan Bane's "Pocket Change" music video!
What would happen if stoners went into space? A colourful cookie cutter music video with hand made props and lots of fun improvising.
We want to bring back the A Up hip-hop show in VIDEO format as well as mp3, on a monthly basis, but need funding to make it happen.
Pre order the album "Everyday Funeral", and help ISEI get his first full length album off the ground.
This project will consist of 10 songs. Watch the video above for the information regarding the album and the rewards!
underground hip-hop artist from California, now in Oregon returns with a soul-spilling CD full of thoughtful lyrics and creative beats.
Marcus D's authentic attempt at bridging the gap between the growing worlds of video game music and hip-hop.
help me finish and promote my debut EP Behind Every Great Man!
"Send Me" is the hot new single from the coming album "The Proclamation." Help us fund the album and a spectacular video for "Send Me."
My new EP will be an exciting collaboration with several talented Nashville songwriters. Good rhymes. Good message. Good music.
We need your help to make Bi-Polar Bear's sophomore album happen the right way...come on folks, the last one was free ;)
We need your help! We're trying to shoot a video for #ThatsMyBaby Please donate whatever you can even if it's only a dollar! Thanks!
The time is NOW to drop my 2nd music video for my hit song 'LIVE OUT LOUD' feat. C-Phresh. Video will be produced by Dillon Chase!
"Be Still" is a Hip-Hop album with the purpose of reconnecting my generation with our souls and our individual truths.
Please be my record label. Let me be myself. Lets chase dreams together. LETS DO THIS.
In DC, on Fri, Sept 23, All 4 elements of Hip Hop will be reunited by the fervor of the South Asian Community. Be there for this first!
HM2 solidifies the Cav Bernah sound showing life after HM. He lets go personally & shows artistic growth by venturing into diff genres.
A clean, positive, well produced album.  It will be given out for free, i am looking for financial help to print 1,000 cds to hand out
Over the last 6 months I've been working on some beats. Help me release it on CD!
Middle class rap hero, Maine's own Spose, has two new projects of material done but to raise a budget to make sure people hear them!
Hey Everyone! I'm making a 4 song album & a music video! I'm launching this campaign to tell you about it and raise some money. Thanks.
I've completed my first full length album since being involved in music for 14 years, now I just need to fund physical distribution.
Help fund a collaboration album between independent artists, the rapper Homeless and alt rockers The van Gobots.
KSON is a Christian Hip-Hop artist from Tulsa, Oklahoma. He needs YOUR help to release his debut album.
2 years in the making & R.I.B.G. is finally finished! 2 videos down & dropping in Dec, we would love your help making R.I.B.G. whole.
The closing chapter to the beginning stages of this genre of HipHop called "Pick Me UP."
The long awaited sophomore release from Speach Impediments is just around the corner.  Be a part of this Fall 2012 release!
We unexpectedly NEED A LITTLE BOOST in the funding department for this ALBUM!!! Let's just say it's been a long, cold winter already.
Help Breath of Life Audio artists Breakneck the Mage & Kuley put out new projects and fund a US Tour. Get FREE STUFF :)
LA based MC's New Album that features 
Producers from ALL AROUND THE WORLD!
12 Countries + Many talented artists & musicians. Hip Hop!
My new album is almost complete! If you want a signed limited edition physical cd, make a pledge and help support. 
Donate to help Jordan Williams pay to mix and master his upcoming album, "Dark Matter."
We're embarking on an 8 Bit Music Tour! We need your support to get our live show using vintage computers and classic video game consoles on the road!
I've been working on this mixtape using Sleigh Bells beats for over a year now. Help me get this project out the right way ASAP.
This is Iron Solomon. I'm an upcoming artist, born and raised in NYC. I make music from the heart about life. I could use your support.
This project was created to fund the Solo album I've been working on for a year and half. This is finally my chance to be heard....
I want to turn my new single into a music video with great locations, models, and professional video production.
I want to finish this project so I can tell my story to the world. Been through a lot so lets make this happen. #PalmettoPrinceSC
won 1st place on indi.com and then my trial ended for my recording program. bout to be hella famous. you wanna fund this shit.
The best darn music video on the rise.
Good Vibes Is A 9 City Tour Around The
Mid-South. Our Purpose Is To Create Safe Party Environments & Open Doors For Up & Coming Artist
ZIMBABWE KID Music Album Recording Project in a professional studio
Music that will teach and influence others in a new era of music. Liberate yourself through sound.
We just want to help everyone get their voices heard.
An open, honest compilation dealing with Life,Love,Joy,Pain,Failure,& Success! A must hear for every audio device! The truth so help me
A Diverse Duo, With A Diverse Style, In A Diverse World!
This is the great migration of Hip-hop and independent music back to the roots and culture. With a special twist for indie musicians
SC is back with the "inSCeption" EP. Support and get awesome rewards. Lyrical flows over bass heavy beats. www.sc412.com
Raising money for C.Davis's "Caught Em All Crazy" music video shoot. Every penny counts.
We hope to expand the market and production quality for our variety TV show. The program features music, sports, travel, and reality TV segments.
This is an opportunity to for quality hip-hop to reach your ears without filters or delays! The album is ready, let's put it out now!
I'm creating a kick-starter to allow fans and people that care to help with funding for me to reach my dream. High Potential artist.
Infusion Media Group is a registered Virginia LLC that is helping young, new artist release professionally recorded songs and albums
The Box Divorce is reminiscent of the 1990s hip-hop genre but has a Sky Sound twist and the lyrical prowess of artist Jade Freeman.
This video tells a playful, swagger­filled story of Just KP reuniting with his dance group of oddball characters at a barber shop/
I am creating righteous music for our youth. There are too many fake rappers and musicians who don't teach our kids to be strong.
S.S.U.C drops their second single "She Bad" April 2013.  Help us showcase our music visually with our official music video. #Swagg
AN EPIC BODY OF WORK WITH A DOCUMENTARY ON THE MAKING OF THIS PROJECT AND MY LIFE.
3rd music project :: You've been asking ... now here it is!
Brand new music to be released this summer 2011.
You are "Extraordinary"  
This project will be a debut Poetry/R&B Album.  A main task/aim will be to raise awareness to National Service and Environmental Issues
I'm, FINALLY, coming out with my brand new album - 8 years in the making! With your help, we can make this a success!
I MAKE HIP-HOP MUSIC TO FEED THE PEOPLE INSTEAD OF JUST FEEDING OFF OF THE PEOPLE.
We're passionate about Hip-Hop and the Gospel. I mean, what better way to reach Philly with the Gospel than Hip-Hop?
All funds raised will go to the production of hard copy mix tapes
Stage name Kaptain Krook (check my soundcloud,itunes,etc) - I am trying to fund major name features for a collab project!!!  Piratelife
I need your help! I'm going on my first official U.S. tour and I'll need all the help and support I can get to make it successful.
Global Hip-Hop battles is the premier place for friendly competition as well as musical education for our scholars of the future. 
Up and coming music producer and artist yaybo beats want to show the world his ability to produce an immaculate hip hop project.
The rebirth of official hip hop!
Latest body of musical work from independent hip-hop artist Sean Hampton describes his feelings that lead him to his HIATUS
All I want to do with this life is Inspire. I am creating a music/film project to do just that.  I want you to join this opportunity.
"My project is to promote, publicize and share my music with the world. KickStarter's Angels will make a dream realized!" 
We are a group of college students that are trying to make our dream of having a rap group come true our goal is to make our first tape
Help in the final stage of putting together a very personal and unique hip-hop project..then help take it on the road.
I was recently accepted by TeamBackPack , to participate in their freestyle rap competition in June entitled Mission Underground NYC
OuterHeavenStudios will be a multi media recording studio were all creative artists can express their art and create their own brand!
My first album since I moved to the USA, which consists of quality productions and hours of dedication like never before.
Insidious world artist by the name of 5 Star . Official single Released May 24,2016 "Aww Yeah" Insidious Everythang !!!!!!
Trell City is in production for his new EP. It already has top level potential. Explore his page, and you'll understand why.
Everyone is saying how New York has lost its sound when it comes to rap. We are here to bring back that original boom bap!
A small music company with big dreams. We're an independant music label aiming to expand on music projects. New equipment required
I am an aspiring artist trying to fund my first album ever and could use the help of a few good people to get it off of the ground.
Bringing awareness to the people through conscious music producing  my first solo album
We are creating an Album that represents the more alternative creative side of Washington DC Hip Hop music with help from you!
This project, "51/50 The Mixtape" will be my first of many. The content will cover my crazy life experiences struggling to survive.
I always loved to sing. I am happy that I could touch so many hearts and inspire others to go for their dreams. I will continue using my gift.
My first music project: through poetry in motion I will  let the world know poverty has a heart beat.
I'm making an album called "starshipJERICHO".
Eternal is putting together a Hip Hop album with a focus on WTF. Music people can Witness, Think about & Feel.
20 of Baltimore's most innovative musicians record a sample of their playing. 12 remix artists create a new track based on the samples.
Rap&Roll™ is my baby that I created with some raps, a drum sampler, and a guitar. It needs a mommy/rich uncle.
I will be looking to create my Debut EP as a music artist along with a music video, merchandise including hard copies of my EP :)
I am producing my first album! Help me get it done right and i promise you will not be disappointed!
After 3 Mixtapes, 4 Itunes single releases and a 2 year break. Rhane P is back and is ready to make a name for himself in the industry.
Long overdue album showing my ability to write great music with various artists in the UK and International.
former marine looks 2 tell his story of moving from state 2 state growing up and how it all changed moving 2 the world's prison capital
My whole life has been about music and it will continue to be...This is what I am....This is who I am...
Help me fund my next official music video directed by Steven Moga :] 
I will cherish your pledges!
New Alt/Pop/Rap Album from High Point, NC recording artist LancXeon Musick
It's time for a change. Yes I can and yes we will!! I will remain a mystery until all of you believe in me. The Ace!!!
We’ve been selected to perform! Hitting six cities nationwide, Wasted Myndz is requesting YOUR help to make it for the 2012 UROCK Tour!
A passion of love in art by a true artist that loves music, delivering a harmonic style of R&B and hip hop to bring quality music..
Help us to get 'Tristate of Mind', the first Classical Hip-Hop piece ever written, performed by a full orchestra. FREE download inside!
Album ten years in the making.  Over the years we have started and never been able to finish an album,mostly due to financial reasons.
I want to take my music to the next level & give the fans what they want. But it all starts with you. WE CAN DO THIS.
Poetically put I have to say, I couldn't just put the mic away. So help me put my thoughts on tracks & help release my thoughts on wax.
The money is used towards studio time for my first ever album which should be recorded professionally.
ONLY 4 WORDS NEEDED!!!!..#HistoryInTheMaking!  Please help us pay WARNER BROS $600 for promo.  We only have a couple days! BIG LEAGUES!
K-AOS is ready to “TURN UP” in a city near you in 2014! looks to underground fans to help fund first national tour.
Here to take artistry to a COSMIC level and just BE who I AM..!
Help Fund Da Bulldogs 2nd Studio Album "Smiling Faces" and receive exclusive incentives when you help us to reach our goal..Thank You!!
iTs BEeN mY dReaM foR So long,to have my first project out, & now the opportunity has arrived,thanks to u making a dream into reality..
The Who Am I..? Mixtape .is music that is story telling also narrated by me.
New label with very strong talent! In need of marketing  and equipment resources while also releasing 2nd album 2016 and booking shows
Help JaMiel Cox promote his next album! Release First Quarter 2010
Help us to get money for our debut album project. It will be a multicultural, international rap/rock/funk album. Independent
Tab Danger, teenage diabetic living with Type 1 diabetes is working on a hip hop album to start his music career and diabetes awareness
The Sub/Conscience and Spiritual Music CD/DVD VIDEO Project.
My experiences, my loves, my guidance, my past, and my now. "Influenced by Heart-Break"
A very good album, and a new artist who actually interacts with his fans...
Im creating this album title Grandtheft Audio. With this album im bringing back real lyrical hip hop that has been lacking in the game 
We want to put Baltimore on the music map! Almost finished with our first full-length album, we need YOUR help reaching the masses!
Become a backer of the new album and project from Big Faces Republic (B.F.R.R) and get some amazing rewards! Thank You all.
Hip Hop For Your Mind & Spirit, This will be my first solo project a very real and touching message in the lyrics.
The best the world haven't heard.
Pre order a physical copy of Michael Maverick's 5 hit singles, The Dark Beer EP for $5 flat with a bonus bottle opener included.
The release of Kevin Kush's debut mixtape Music Money & Life.
Want to be a part of Dussel Has Friends recording fan favorites "One For The Road" and "Sunglasses"?  Contribute here to be part of the process!
where urban music & urban culture live! From the way we dress, think, and speak..to how we see life through music.
From the club to the car & home again smooth lyrical flow & solid beats pull you in & never let you go
get more at  www.thanatural.com
Will you help fund my national tour? I am Pure Pressure, a Christian "Hip Hope" artist. I perform prophetic rap, I need a mic & more :)
Join me at reaching for the stars working with some amazing producers and filming a documentary series about the experience.
My debut album, Motion Sickness, what i have so far, is a beautiful cluster of hard hitting rhymes, heart felt and deep music.
This project was started to fund the completion and promotion of Juba Kalamka's CD/chapbook/7" vinyl single project  "Ooogabooga Under Fascism".
Rapper/Actor Drag-On, one of the original artists from Ruff Riders is Making The Most Important Album of His Career
I'm putting the finishing touches on my 1st ever studio album, I have a great team around me but there's still a spot on it for you.
