I'm Dakota Jase a singer songwriterI have the makings of a great pop album but it takes money to put it together so please donate!
We are an ambitious electropop-band from Copenhagen. 
Support the recording of our first EP!!!
"Beautiful I Love You" will be my 9th independent release. We are raising funds so that we can finish the recording and release the CD.
Anthony Lamarr's sophomore album Intermission: The Learning Never Stops is in need of your love, prayer, & support!
Down 4 The Count is a Los Angeles-based a cappella vocal jazz ensemble, trying to get to San Francisco on March 19!
We have canceled this project and split it up into 3 seperate components - The first re-launch is for the Full Length Album.
Dragons wants to make a 12 inch record and then go on tour to share it.
We're going into the studio to record our new EP soon, and we need some money to pay for it. We are trying to raise $2,500. Please help us make music!
Your stories inspired us to write 70 songs. We're ready to record the top 11. Help us make one of the best albums you have ever heard.
3KT loves our fans! We want to give you an awesome original Christmas music video in time for the holiday! Join us! <3 Gia Lex Lil Cee
Inter music film clip set to be a global hit will be shot. Invest USD $5,000 and at least double your return. Produced by Int Aria Win
I want to make a master recording of a song demo, male/female duo, and I will release it myself. I wrote the song.
We're raising money to spread our message through music, appearances, and an animated series. Join our campaign against bullying!
Up and coming 19 year old pop sensation, ALYX RUSH, is ready for launch!
My new song " Without Love"(in Russian)  I will need some help to record single cd. We Can Do It!!!
The Pulse is a Locally owned Internet Radio, we would like to raise money to upgrade equipment and buy swag to give away.
nan
Earcandy: Ken's Playhouse is a Pop album with a little bit of R&B and Rap in the making.
Jordan Southerland Music Project
Want to make an bomb album.
