National Symphony Orchestra of Cuba appears with pianist Nachito Herrera in Worcester as part of their 1st US tour - 10/24/12.
Join Ollie and Charlie, two simpleton cats, as they picnic through 900 years of music history, starting in Kittenwald, Medieval Europe.
I am gearing up to record my first album and need your help to complete the project!
Cory Band (UK) is ranked No.1 in the World & is planning to perform concerts in USA Feb 2016, 40 years since its last visit
Jean Danton & Thomas Stumpf will bring to life previously unrecorded music originally composed by Mount Auburn residents.
A commissioning adventure for several new marimba works featuring Andy, five leading composers, and YOU!
End of the Mayan calendar. Ancient ruins. Beautiful music, art, & YOU. It's time for you to let out YOUR own music. Free for all.
The Bandmasters Podcast interviews key players in the concert and marching band world, and discusses current events in music education.
This will be the 3rd full-length album for The CSBQ. The CD is all brand-new arrangements for brass of great classical music.
New, singable and artistically  settings of all texts of the Catholic New Roman Missal.  Making new music for small parish choirs.
Help support our first concert of the season, "Autumn Leaves," featuring a diverse blend of vocal and instrumental chamber music.
The charismatic cast of L.A. Met presents Mozart's timeless and beloved comic opera, "The Marriage of Figaro," in Pacific Palisades.
St. Sepulchre-without-Newgate, Holborn Viaduct  London, EC1A2DQ Friday 4th Jan 2013, 7:30pm
Concertos by Bach and Vivaldi on CD. Help her to finance it!
This January, the ECO welcomes Sphinx Organization Concerto Competition Winner Ade Williams alongside the Shiloh Baptist Choir!
I am 19. I compose music. I have never taken a grade and I cannot read music. I want people to hear what I play.
It's easy to go to the Opera living in NYC. Not so much if you are in Northern Minnesota. We are happy to bring the opera in there!
Cellist Kathryn Tarko, and pianist Jason Chen present a night of music by Glazunov, Shostakovich, and Prokofiev
A beautiful piano and strings album, Every note played from the heart.
.We have been working very hard on two songs and now they are ready to be recorded!
Commission a new 30 minute composition for String Quartet. My goal is to raise $1,500 by Sept 23, 2010
22 short pieces for solo piano, each inspired by a card from the major arcana, self-published as piano scores.
Support the release of the brand new symphonic and epic piece of Lawrence Alexander Saynth
We need your help to launch Call for Scores – a project that invites all composers to submit their works for performance in May 2011
Santa Fe New Music's 3-day festival, "Music as Environmental Consciousness" presents new & recent works by notable composers.
Yorick, El Jorobado, la ópera infantil, quiere renovarse en 2017. Por ello queremos mejorar nuestra producción y llegar a más público.
Survey of familiar and unfamiliar chamber works in a series of concerts around the bay area.
Professionnal level concert organised for young string quartet to help them make a name for themselves.
Bringing great music to the orchestra for the people, for the musicians, for our times through repertoire, outreach and education.
"Contemporary for kids- music by composer Biagio Putignano" 
CD recording
This is a CD of music Nicole and I simply love and therefore chose to record it. The music is lush, tender, expressive and moving.
Our fabulous opera returns for La Traviata  in July .You can read our outstanding reviews on winslowhallopera.co.uk
I've long awaited creating my own Piano based instrumental album, But im going to need some help to make this happen!
Help Omaha Symphonic Winds commission Keith Michael Davis to compose a new work for band based on 20,000 Leagues Under the Sea.
Recently, I finished composing a Concerto and have decided to pursue having it be recorded/performed and am asking for your help.
An international piano competition open to all great pianists aged 18+, whether playing piano is their profession or hobby.
iFc presents Brahms Sextet in G Major with Angela Early, Alexa Schmitz, Mike Capone, Stephen Gorgone, Erin Snedecor, and Zachary Sweet
Create new music! Premiering & Recording new music through concerts & an intensive 2-week workshop for composers & musicians.
TSE is dedicated to presenting African American Spirituals, Art Songs, Gospel concerts, Black History, education and outreach programs.
UrbanArias is a new opera company dedicated to producing short, contemporary works in the DC area.  Support our amazing first season!
Rediscover soulful, timeless renditions of your favorite classical melodies as performed on the Japanese bamboo flute & the piano.
This album will feature several projects conceived by myself, Ben Melsky (harp), and dear friend and painter, Elizabeth Albertson.
Lend a hand to MATA's 14th Annual Festival, April 17-20th and help support the music of tomorrow, today
Classical Revolution Records is a new record label that will feature the best new artists from around the world. Viva la Revolucion!!
Youth string quartet desire a week together practicing, performing, composing, and being coached by members of the Chautauqua Symphony.
A meditation from 17th-18th c. sacred music on sorrow and joy--and especially how joy can come out of and transcend suffering and pain.
SOLI will release its FIRST Commercial Album featuring four of its commissioned works.
Lors du festival du Mois Molière à Versailles, nous jouerons le lundi 13 Juin 2016 à 20h à l'hôtel de ville!
Help clapTON ensemble to bring some of the most original international new music to London! Support our concert on 10 June 2014.
Input-Output is my upcoming album of flute+electronics.  Help me pay the commissioning and licensing fees to the composers.
The recording of five new orchestral works of composer Bill Doerrfeld by the St. Petersburg State Symphony Orchestra
This string quartet follows the creation of the earth by 5 movements:  from seed to flower to field to forest to finale.
This new CD includes selections from the 2011, 2012, and 2013 Christmas concerts. Your gift will support our production expenses.
Help introduce young musicians to international travel and experience first-hand the power of music as it inspires and connects people!
I, Nathan Felix, am looking for support to fund my 1st symphony,  The Curse the Cross & the Lion!  a 6-movement orchestral adventure!
European Union Baroque Orchestra and Choir of Clare College Cambridge to record Handel’s Coronation Anthems at St John’s Smith Square.
2 trumpets, 2 trombones, a percussionist, and a mission to record an awesome CD of music in all styles...please help!
Brand new work by LA composer Casey Dickey for solo trumpet and brass choir!  A musical fusion to be used for educational outreach.
Help me produce a collection of arrangements for recorder quartet of Dutch tunes published in the early 1700s.
AMF Opera Institute is an intensive training program designed for advanced singers in recital, concert, and opera.
Bringing New Blood into the Viola Repertoire!
Our program needs Kickstarter support for three Pizza Parties where young musicians will hear professional players and have fun!
This is a CD project, recording Robert Schumann's Lieder as transcribed to the piano by Clara Schumann.
Donate so Musopen can pay musicians to record and release music to the public domain. Every dollar adds more copyright free music to you, indefinitely
The music from the complete Dragon Quest Series by composer Kiochi Sugiyama played with a professional orchestra.
I'm planning a recital of underperformed works for oboe & English horn & a variety of other instruments...even an actress is involved!
The Empire State Sinfonia and New York Festival Singers join forces for an all-Mozart extravaganza at the Church of St. Paul in NYC.
ACO is raising funds to finish out their 2013 season. The remaining productions are Magic Flute, Carmen and Fashion of the Opera.
The world recently lost one of the most creative minds in music, Mauricio Kagel, but we're going to keep his crazy dreams alive and take them on tour!
I'm on a mission to create a powerfully epic, and inspiring album. Join me, and together we can inspire the world.
Live at Carnegie Hall Fall 2015! 
With God's help and your support this will be an amazing experience for all.
I am currently working with several composers to create a CD of all brand new music for euphonium and brass band.
I am an educator and composer of classical music.  Please listen to my music and consider donating to my recording of my Cello Sonata!
Recording and distribution of "Doubt" String quartet— music inspired by fleeting things.
A new production of the rarely performed 13th century opera "The Play of Daniel" by San Francisco Renaissance Voices.
10,000 ALBUMS OF ALL GENRES HELP RESTORE AND GET YOUR PICK.
A fusion performance, bringing together the worlds of the milonga and grand opera in song and dance.
Participate in Portland Guitar Duo release of a CD and DVD to promote our work through our concerts and workshops.
An album of origional music by pianist guitar player, songwriter, and artist Rachel Bockover.
Bringing great classical music outside The Beltway.
SONYQ will be in the studio for the Fall of 2013.The band is recording their new album, "SUPERSONYQ," in their new home, New York City.
A fund which will enable me to get equipments to start my film scoring career
A fully original soundtrack for one of the top-rated furry visual novels. Composed by the award winning musician - Fox Amoore.
We wish to launch our very first season in September 2012 and will feature a new work by a local composer, Brad Robin.
CORO plans to present a concert series for the 2012-2013 season that is viewed online via streamed HD video.
A 501(c)(3) non-profit professional choir of 24 voices, we wish to produce our first CD of a recording we recently made for NAXOS.
My new CD, "Voices of Spring" will be released at the beginning of November.  It features beautiful and well known arias from the operetta repertoire.
I'm aTenor & I need  to join a program where I will begin to learn the Russian language & perform w/it, I can then record a demo to use
A classical music CD of pop song arrangements. She and Him, George Michael, Queen, Foster The People, and many others... for orchestra.
I want to record a beautiful collection of songs by Stefano Donaudy. Experience Italian humour, melancholy & drama all through song.
Yalil Guerra 30th Career Anniversary Celebration Concert. "A travel through Cuban classical music from the XIX, XX and XXI century".
Wohlfahrt's Masterful Violin Études Opp. 45, 54, and 74 – new editions engraved with Sibelius.
Our concert will bring the opera experience to those who love to hear big dramatic voices performing your favorites arias and duets.
Our MAIN GOAL is simple: Release a limited edition collection of (6) 7" vinyl records to celebrate the music of Jamaica and UK sub-culture youth.
A fundraiser for the February 19th 2012 Carnegie Hall concert of Spirituals+ World Premiere with 300 singers from churches nationwide
Early Music in the Chapel is a series of five concerts in the beautiful chapel of St Luke's Episcopal Cathedral in Portland, Maine.
Help us to release the first Heroes of Might and Magic piano sonata album & scorebook.
IBB is recording a CD of familiar brass band favorites many of which will be featured in upcoming performances.
Iconic and beautiful musical selections from the Final Fantasy Series arranged for solo instruments & small ensemble.
Our foundation will host a 3 concert series, debuting the music of new and emerging composers, for piano and soprano.
