Denlin is looking for the funding to create his first album in a professional studio. Enjoy the video, thanks for watching.
renegadedrum.bandcamp.com
A compilation of meditative music that transcends the industry.
Help us get our debut album "Me In A Bubble" published on iTunes! 
All original songs composed exclusively on the iPad using GarageBand
Zencha looks to make a progressive house album of video game remix's chosen by the backers.
I am going to be on tour during the spring and in the summer, and I am raising money to support these events!!!
Trance Saddesfaction
Entertainment platform for aspiring artists of all genres. Signed Artists performing live on-line providing entertainment for all ages.
Brian Creates an AWESOME Debut Album of Chill-Out Electronica
Orphan, now a father & thankful for the love of Christ. This will be my most important project to date & with your help it will happen!
Drum samples on analog cassette tape for your 12bit sampler!
All funding towards new audio equipment! Better Gear - Better Tunes - Better Times.  Dubstep - Glitch Hop - Hard Style - Chill Step
Because who doesn't want a T-Shirt, CD, Cassette Tape, Vinyl.....
A one-of-a-kind Halloween, horror-themed concert experience...blending special effects & live music by Hot Jambalaya & DELTAnine
A lifetime of eclectic nonsense ideas for all the world to groove on
To Raise £2000 for (Mixing & Mastering) The Legacy Album for Digital Release in 2013
The ultimate reason behind the “Pop Yer Cherry” project is to give young DJs the opportunity to kick start their dream careers.
To raise the money necessary for a limited run of 350 STAG HARE- ANGEL TECH WHITE VINYL 12" LPS & to launch the DRJONA record label!
An album inspired by marijuana, Folk Rock, Rave, rap, GD, acoustic akathisia is my first album, mainly introspective but i try to dance
Hey guys! Ben here! So i'm finally getting my solo project on the road and I want you guys to be able to have it with the best quality.
Full length EDM album based around uplifting and melancholy melodies produced at 150 BPM. Genre: Hardstyle
Help us to make our dreams come true! Our new EP XUXU comes out soon and we need YOU to make it BIG
Partners, lovers and music-duo Sarah White and Dj Don Cuco (Rico Mendez) invite you to partake in the double release coming late summer/early fall 10'
After litteraly 1000+ hours of work it is finally time to take the next step
Recently my entire PC died after my power-supply messed up. Music is my passion and I want to keep producing but right now I can't.
We're currently in the process of creating America's youngest most memorable EDM experience starting in Philadelphia.
I am in the process of working on my debut album and I am looking for funding necessary for the project to move to the next stage.
City of Darkness is inspired by an eponymous book documenting the former Kowloon Walled City and the cult film Blade Runner.
A multi award winning CD containing 60 minutes of ambient and symphonic electronica by composer Keith Richie
The project me and my best Friend started before he past away will continue!
For you Robin.  R.I.P
We're raising funds to master, reproduce, and release the debut album from enTraance, featuring their new style 'Baroque Breakbeat'!
Support an Indie Drum & Bass producer with his album, merchandising, and marketing costs.
Ich würde mir gerne ein professionelles Musikstudio einrichten, damit meine Fans weiterhin von mir versorgt werden können. Danke.
The original sp3ct3rwave innovator is back with the vaporwave meets witch-house and IDM blend... and ZYXZ wants more cassette tapes!
5 one-hour long albums featuring full-length instrumentals that are produced by me and span many genres. 100 Songs!
I want to produce a new sub-genre, track/album. Industrial, gaming, and steampunk SFX and samples; used to create Dance, New Age music.
ES has finished his new  CD and needs funding to press it and a PR firm to help him promote it.  $5 of each CD sold will go to NAMI.
Help us with our new upcoming album by donating to one of the packages, and the funds will go towards new programs and gear.
Story Mode is an interactive album. Electronic songs with classical,pop, hiphop & FolkLore melodies with a manga included.
My new album release will take 3 months to produce in my home studio, and I need help funding it to make this happen.
Currently working in the studio, just about to wrap up my 6th album. Help make this possible.
Hi, David (me) (DALotusBomb) wants to make 2-12 track albums for download. Creating music is good therapy for my PTSD.
We want to take the next step in growing Dubdisk and cement ourselves into the UK record industry by producing vinyl!
An experimental effort to record the weirdest album in the world! Adventure lies ahead with synthesizer solos and falsetto screams!
A DVD with over 20 of the worlds best Video Game Composers & mixed in 5.1 Surround Sound. Sponsored by DOLBY!
An Album where You get to join and challenge the Artist! Let's make an Album together to immortalize ourselves in a cool piece of Art!
Alchemy of Shadow and Light is a concept album exploring themes of paradox and the evolution of the individual and collective.
Dance. Love. Disco. After years of remixing, and working on demos of original songs, I'm ready to produce an EP of original songs.
A collection of 4 tracks, produced by me and co-written with the awesome Charlie Mason - pop music you can dance to!
This project seeks to raise pressing costs for a 4-CD set of experimental electro-music by my best friend, Karl, who died last year.
I'd like to take my favorite existing recordings that aren't yet on CD, remix them creatively, and make my fourth CD with these.
Help me press my debut EP on vinyl after distribution problems with the record label have stopped the project going ahead.
New vision of parties in European Tour. Minimal and Deep house with an extra of creativity.
Hey there backers, Im currently finishing up my latest EDM single and i need your help to get things "GOING"
I am a struggling Berlin techno DJ and producer and need funding for monitors and a soundcard to produce 3 EP's for 3 different labels!
We are making a music video!!
It's been 2 years since I started producing music. I need your help to release my music so others can enjoy it. Both EPs have 3 tracks.
Help us make a new album and get some very nice rewards!
An Electro-House, Glitch-Hop, and Dubstep Album created and mastered by the E.T.
MegaSoundFestival : The best annual music festival!
Come see the first ever Electro Dubstep show at the Whiskey A Go Go on the Sunset Strip in West Hollywood featuring (DJ) Baazar.
Dave Lowe aka Uncle Art releases the original high quality groundbreaking music straight from his Atari & Amiga source code + remakes.
After a heart attack and helping family get back on their feet, I was forced to sell my music gear to pay our bills.
First Sun's second full-length album featuring eight new tracks of dubstep, progressive house, trance, glitch and more!
I produce songs with a Trip-hop, Ambient, Electro flair.
Recording a completely 360 degree Binaural album on Sleezy D, with whom I did what some call the 1st Acid House Record
An artist with a classical, Jazz, electro background making dubstep music. An outsider with vision, and clean positive image.
Mr. Horror has a chance to participate in a mini tour in Houston, Texas for the first time this December but needs your help!!
EDM Destination Festival
Negril, Jamaica 2014
DERELICHT is an electronic music & arts festival that utilises redundant architecture to stage innovative light & visual installations
KEEP VINYL ALIVE - VINYLOGY has been running vinyl only parties and teaching people to mix. We are about to release our first track
"Tuff" is and album that is inspired by the admiration of a family member who passed away. Every song comes from the heart.
Ayúdanos a sacar nuestro primer disco, apoya el proyecto y llévate una recompensa única
Mike's Mood is a one-man project.  Crafting melodic, moody riffs with elements of electronica, ambient and post-rock.
Love "The Love Rocker Project"? Imagine it remixed by your favorite DJ's! Help fund a remix album and new single by Solomon.
Life music, my journey, my path!
3rd Coast Beats is a series of music production workshops for New Orleans youth taught by local artists and musicians.
You have the opportunity to facilitate the creation of RedRift's truly unique and quirky debut electronic album in just 4 minutes!
We are finally releasing our 'Stranger' EP on 12" colored vinyl! Five dark synth-pop tracks plus additional bonus tracks on side B.
I have a new EP for sale on bandcamp, but I need it to get exposure on iTunes Etc.. If you donate you can help me accomplish this goal.
This is my first album. I'm finally ready to produce it. I'd love to have you on my team, but truthfully, I can't do it without you.
This album will be an artistic portrayal of the creation, life of, and death of a vampire by Strange Graphs
We are Touch the SKY a 3 dj band from Los Angeles. The Untitled Ep consist of 5 songs, the single will be accompanied by a music video
Melodic Ambient/Chillout/Breaks music with some misterious vibes designed to take you on a journey and hopefully give you shivers.
Promoting talented Musicians and Producers.
HELP DAN KRAUSE FINISH THE REMAINDER OF THE NEW DEBUT ALBUM!
Hey everyone! I'm an EDM producer that is new to the game but with your help I am hoping to have an EP out within the next months!
Looking to raise money to record my first official EP! Feeling X-Static?
I will record and produce + tour an album called "Nightblindz",  I want the power  to go it ALONE!
I am aiming to release the EP by mid to late summer :)  The EP needs mastering for it to be 100% completed and for me to be proud!
Help fund DJ DANK's new album.  A DJ / Producer for the past 15 years this album will feature some of Dank's NEWEST & HOTTEST Tracks !
Get ready to sweat folks...an all new 4 cd set of original house music is coming your way!
Experimental Electronica. Thumping beats, electronic bleeps, and strange sounds. Only $1.00!!!
Help me to create a fresh and uplifting EP consisting of 3 original tracks. Genre: Dance/Chillout/Electro
Some value studio time, I value ideas. Help pay for the protection of my 5th and final album, "The Were Waste."
-UPDATED-
New Videos clips and pictures within story...
Double Album Release & Studio to Teach
Hey guys! We are raising some money to support us playing shows and festivals as well as getting stickers, CD's and T-shirts made.
Help https://www.reddit.com/r/porterrobinson/ get a promo copy of "Lionhearted" by Porter Robinson to make ALL the remixes!
A new album by Runes called Orphic.
Welcome to the Sayonara Kyoto Kickstarter - the aim of which is to complete the production and facilitate the release of an album.
