I have written a lot of songs for my church, but I have not made a serious attempt at recording them. This project will fix that.
Looking for pledges, so we can buy a new trailer (to pull our gear). We are trying to get to every town we are requested, we need help
Pre-order our latest cd! The Lonely Dark is our best collection of songs yet, guaranteed to bring happiness to your ears!
We seek $5000 by May 13th so that we can print our new album, "Who Wants the Future?", and tour this summer to support it.
We need your help. Get our new album "The Eternal Now"from us directly & help us cover some of the costs.
We are humbly asking assistance with the recording portion of our budget for the next Seluah album
We Scars will be having our debut 7" pressed, and are currently half way to funding it. We need your help to continue!
Spero has an amazing opportunity to record with producer Vance Powell. Please help us follow and take our passion to the next level.
That's right, WeenBags!  The Meatmen are hitting the studio with a slew of all new Meaty originals, and a fresh new US tour in 2014!
Veteran rock singer and composer Jonathan Kasper lays it all on the line with "In the Know," his explosive new rock album.
We 'Honyock's recorded a six song EP titled "Asea" earlier this year. We need funds to help these songs get a proper release.
Join the Sic Vita family and lend a hand as we make "History" together!
By The Bull is a hard rock trio from Columbia, SC. They balance energy, riffs, melody, and style into an amazingly fresh sound.
Somerville Rock & Roll band The Bold Type finishes their first LP with a little help from some friends.
Long story short, we want to release a new album and need your support, no matter how big or small, your help gets us closer to it!
After much hard work Delta Rose is finally playing Warped Tour! The dates are booked, now all we need to worry about is getting there!
Pig Champion is trying to record a new 5 song E.P. and we need your help!
Robotic Empire is helping TILTS release their awesome debut album on vinyl, digitally and way more. Czech it out!
We've been working hard on new material to release our 4th full length album as well as some 45 singles.
Vinyl or Death
We are filming a music video for our new song "Memory of you" off our new EP!!!
"evoLve: Steel Rising" will be our tool for making a positive change in our communities and the world through humanitarian efforts.
Christian rock band, theSurrendering, has finished recording our album, 'Made for You', and we'd like to have about 1,000 made for you!
Cleric routinely does everything in its power to dazzle any who witness their musical efforts. They've been robbed of their ability to do so. Sad.
Fritz Beer and The Crown Vic Band have recorded a new, Double CD and are pre-selling it through KickStarter!
Luke Dowler is putting together a new EP without any help from a label.  Pre-order it and get more info here!
We are The High End, a rock band from Los Angeles, California, and we're ready to make our first EP.
Metalachi sets their sites on recording their debut album and hitting the road on tour in support of the new album.
America's band of miscreant rednecks is going for it. After many diy demos and one EP, we've begun tracking 11 gems just for your ears!
After two successful EP's, we're looking to truly outdo ourselves and make the best quality release we can and need your help!
Coincidence Machine will be releasing their first CD "Upside Out" on July 1st.
Our debut album is so close to done! Just need to mix/master/burn/promote and YOUR contribution will help us get it done
The much-anticipated solo EP release of Twin Cities rock musician Vonnie Kyle.
Lonesome Locomotive is working toward releasing their self-titled, debut EP and need your support! We will reward your pledge!
The Green Band is in dire need of a van to get our band to your town.  We are campaigning to raise 12,500 to set us free!
The Tressels put their hearts,wallets,and backs into creating their best album yet. 

Pro post-production and dupliciation funds needed
No Outlet is recording it's first full length album. Songs are done, some funds raised, we just need your help getting into the studio!
Help me change the way music videos are made: more rewarding for bands and more entertaining for viewers! 1 week+1 studio+ 1 director+ many bands = :)
After putting it off for years, it's finally time to shake off the nerves and honor the many requests to make a solo album!
We're a Michigan progressive metal band, and after four years of writing and practice we're ready to record our album. It'll be great.
abeautifulcancer is the solo project of singer/songwriter Timothy Pryor. This is for a professional demo to be recorded.
Acoustic driven Pop/Rock/R&B with lyrics that focus on building people up and closer to God.
Album is done but we need some assistance getting it into production and get copies made for all you lovely people.
A Long time 80's Musician Resurfaces!
 Music Only album with me 
playing all instruments.
People keep asking us: "When is the record coming out?" Good question!
A progressive, psychedelic, genre-denying studio solo project.  The conclusion of a musical gestation many years in the making.
2013 marks the 30th anniversary of the 1983 US Festival. We need to commemorate it by having the last great 80s Rock Festival.
support the beginning of Dale Lakata and Eden's next endeavor "Hope Road" a collection of songs
For Instance has been working hard in the studio to bring out their debut EP - please show support by helping us pay for duplication!
This is my first time making a studio album on my own, and I need your help to make it happen. A very limited release on cassette tape.
Tony Thorpe [Ex-Rubettes] is coming back with a brand new studio album and we think it's gonna be better than ever!
We are hoping believers will help us meet our goal to record our debut EP.
We are a Christian rock band out of NW Arkansas. Help us launch our new EP this fall and bring our music to you!
If you could hear something that summed up a life, from beginning to end, without a single word, what would it sound like?
To give musicians an affordable alternative to high priced studios to get their music recorded as a demo
UNDERGROUND ALLIANCE .......LIVE IN JAPAN... OUR NEXT GOAL!
Striving to create the BEST online rock music station broadcasting around the World 24/7/365.
Hey guys, Thanks for checkin us out. If you do support us...Thanks :) Help us get the money to start recording professionally.
We are trying to raise money to record and release our EP "Growing Up". We just need a little help.We would appreciate any donations!!
Isle of Skye's second album "Second Sight" is ready for release as CD, LP and hi-res downloads.  Let's start post-production.
Hey Kickstarters!! We're Lawrence Trailer Band and we need your support to record our debut album "The Declaration"!
We are touring the UK and Europe with Killing Joke and need your love.
Help the original Gizmos embark on their quest to play live together once again. This will be the first reunion shows since 
1977!
Singer/songwriter Mike Garrigan is raising money to print the final CD in his seasonal album series.
Dyno is ready to record their first EP! Help keep rock and roll alive!
I'm making a full length Bridgework album!   
pILLOW tHEORY is shooting a video for "Blipsters & Buppies," from their new EP Meltdown. Director Mika Kenyah brings the song to life.
Please pledge some dough to help us finish our debut album. Pledging $10 or more is basically a pre-order with bonuses, so go for it!
"A Dose of Brewtalitea" Tour and Arsenic Addiction could be heading to a city/venue near you! Help spread the brewtalitea far and wide.
After 8 years of tedious song writing, Soulajar is finally ready to release their debut album entitled "Pipe Dream".
We're ready to release our first album, along with merch including t-shirts, stickers, and patches.
We need your help to begin recording, pressing, promoting, and releasing our debut E.P.  The more you donate, the more songs we record!
Let's make history together. And let's start by making a live CD/DVD.
We are asking for your help in the production of our CD!!!!!
We are close to being done, but are falling short on funds!!!
We are a heavy instrumental band looking to get our 2nd album pressed on CD so we can give it out to people for a donation or nothing.
One Kickstarter campaign to release two separate vinyl releases for two different bands, Boston's Summoner & UK's Origami Horses.
Singer/songwriter goes down under to New Zealand for her first international tour & releases her new live album "Transient Resonance."
Rachael Please, an alternative rock band, is raising funds for their first major release. Help us see this album realized!
Stoye busted the tranny in our amazing touring van we so lovingly call "The Green Bean". We need a new "Greeny" so we can come see you.
Dan Noethe AKA Shake It Up is recording his debut album and needs your help!
