The Kate's Voice Album--El Sol:  Everything You Ever Wanted--explores bad love in troubled times.
An Envelope is where all of our best ideas go.  Michael Silverman met Eric Matthias in Freiberg "Silver City". Then came the music. :)
Eric of Norman has the opportunity to tour Europe in support of a new EP and Norman record. He just needs help getting there to play.
This project is to raise the funds to press, release, and promote my EP "Familiar Creatures".
"The Boxer & The Thief" will be the follow up to our first project called "The Alignment." Cant wait for y'all to hear!
We will be doing a pressing of 3 new songs from Sweden's punk/folk/oi! band Perkele.  600 will be made 100 in yellow, 200 in blue and 300 in black!
I will be going into the studio to record my first solo album; a little bit of rock, a little bit of soul, and a whole lotta love
I am recording my first solo album! I am so excited to share my original looping material and my favorite covers.
To celebrate the release of our second album, we're offering magnificent swag and lots of blind love.
Cosmic Goat is an indie rock band from Tempe, AZ.  We're just 5 guys in an awesome band trying to make an awesome album. CGFL
Five Beats One are a band of long-time friends based in Sonoma County, California and we need your help to produce our debut CD.
Hey guys, we have recently formed as a "band" and are writing an EP, we would like to gain some support and followers!
"When We Were Us", the first-full length record from Chicago-area band Suns, is ready to be tracked and delivered. Pre-order now!
Sean's Walk's debut album is going to be an exciting mix of original songs that will leave you wanting more!
Help fund Into The Pacific's first full length studio album.
Welcome to our Kick Starter profile! Please check out our video, it would be an honor to have you involved in this project.
This weekend Melodeego will perform bike-powered shows at Occupy Wall Street, Occupy DC, and the 350 Tarsands Action at the Whitehouse!
6+ Weeks, 40+ Cities, 14,000+ Miles!  Help Morning Bird Records' Abi Robins and Sean Renner embark on a career-launching adventure!
Wilryans singer/songwriter Michael Nelson is making a new CD.  He needs your help with manufacturing and promoting it to radio.
We are going to make an EP & music video that pushes everything we have done in the past, and we need the support of our fans to do it!
Hey! My name is Rebecca Haviland and I need your help to finish making my new record! Donate and get cool things in return :)
We have a fantastic opportunity to record a new album that we have finished, please help us make a professional quality album! 
For the new Album, I have teamed up with my brothers and cousin to create a new Inspirational-Indie sound and release a disc this fall!
Our first album.  Help us make it happen!
Philip Zach, formerly of Remedy Drive, is recording his Debut Album called Arrows and Sound.  Come help finish the record.
We're making a Christmas album. Old songs, new songs, all songs pointing to the grace of God in the sending of his Son to redeem us.
Wolves is presently recording their first EP and raising funds to mix and master the record.
We're just two kids from the Midwest with hopes to reach others through our music.
To achieve our goal of recording our first EP, we need your help: to raise at least $1500.

No limit on amount of backers per package.
Marta Topferova's new project "The Other Shore" features original songs and a killer New York band. Learn about her debut album in English!
Earl Grey is launching a Kickstarter campaign to fund a 5 song live E.P. and Video at GBS Detroit this November.
Kelsey Rottiers & the Rising Tide are recording a new e.p. called Bear Hope
We're trying to raise $1000 to print our new album!
Cult UK 80s Indie Rock band, The Name, need your help to release an album on iTunes, from a lost collection of tapes found in an attic.
Help Mal Blum's new full length album "Every Time You Go Somewhere" go somewhere. Like to your door step!  
Original pop/rock band Willamena has earned 2 nationally-charting singles, and Grammy winner John Seymour's set to mix the next record.
A four song vinyl 7" EP by Terri Moeller. Cool new songs with warm, melodic vocals and a strong rhythmic sense. Yeah!
Help Young Hunting go on their first West Coast tour.
B.N. has the opportunity to reach 1,000's of souls they could never reach, by touring the West Coast! But we can't do it without you!
I'm releasing a music video for my new song "In Full Uniform" on Memorial Day. Please help me hit my goal and make an amazing video!
