We are making a new album of all new songs at The Bombshelter in Nashville and need your help!  This time we are pressing it to vinyl!
I am recording my next album and, with your help in raising $3000, I will get the CD in your hands by summer!
For the last two years I have been pouring my heart and soul into this project. It is a story of love, loss and finding redemption.
With 90 minutes of original music & only a 5 track EP to show for it, Costello needs to record a new CD!  With your help, it can happen
This is it folks.  Our debut album.  2 years of hard work.  Help get us over the hump! We appreciate it!
I NEED YOU 2 help make my "One Foot In Front Of The Other" music video & 30 City Radio Tour promoting my new album "Heartstrings" rock!
After almost 3 years in Nashville, I have been given the opportunity to record my dream EP album at my dream studio!
KL&I is ready to record an album! Be a part of making an album about love, heartache, struggle, and moving forward (with hope).
Christie is putting together her new EP, and wants you to be a part of it!
We need your help NOW!
Help pay for the new Spirit Family Reunion van
Gearing up to record my debut album and I need the help of fabulous people like yourself.
I'm putting the final touches on my debut EP, Providence. It's a mad dash to the finish line and that's where YOU come in!
Austin bluegrass band the Lost Pines is recording a new album with Grammy Award winning producer Lloyd Maines

"Extremists for Peace" A music video by & for Veterans For Peace. People who work for peace should not be labeled as extremists.
"Holding On" is the titled single by Ryan Layden.  The music video depicts the journey a young boy will take to find his lost friend.
Whiskey Sunday is getting ready to record their first full length album, and we need your help! Be part of the project!
Nashville based, Americana singer, bandleader & songwriter-- I’m so excited to record my new collection of story songs.  Will you help?
"The Ham Country Revival"  is a Bellingham country music festival that will take place in downtown Bellingham bars/music venues.
Young Pickers is a bluegrass band of 20 kids aged 6-16 who want to record their first album. Help us get into the studio!
We are ready to record and produce our new full length album!  The new songs are awesome and we can't wait to get into the studio!
WHOA, look out! Be a part of Mike Aiken's new project - CAPTAINS & COWBOYS! New CD, new video - Great REWARDS for YOU!!
Help Monterey Bay indie folk-pop duo The Jinxes return to Gadgetbox Studios to record their second 4-song EP!
After only a few shows and an overwhelming amount of support in South Florida, we're confident in this band and it's first record.
We are making a new record and we need your help!! We are looking to record a new EP for 2016 with 5 brand new songs.
My debut album of original Doric songs and Mandolin based Scottish Tunes is ready, Get involved and back the manufacturing of the CD.
Ty Herndon is working hard on his first country album in 7 years and needs your help to finish it and get it out to the masses!!
Post-Timey is raising money not only for this Album, but for albums to come and recordings for other bands. Please support us!
This is a collaborative effort to contribute to the creation and completion of Left For Dead. A simple push to connect us forever.
I have a band called Fairweather and album's worth of sweet little folk songs...and I'm trying very hard to record them!
We need your help to create the album that has been in the making for over a year now.  Our first self-titled debut album!
We are bringing good people together, to share the stories of a man's past four years by releasing his upcoming album, S. MN Dream.
We have been writing new material for the past three years.  Been a while in the making, but our third album's gonna be worth the wait.
Well, it's time to make some music! I'm incredibly excited to be making this album. I hope you'll join me in my excitement.
A kickstarter is all that separates us from having Robb's amazing music, FOREVER. Show how much you love and support him, be generous!!
A new collection of songs that will become my 4th solo release on Brave Records.
Avery Book is raising money for the Svan Recording Project, a set of recordings and transcriptions of songs from Caucasus Georgia.
Kyle's debut solo album is a mixture of Americana, Country, and Rock. The songs are ready and the guest musicians are plentiful!
Mo Phillips is going back into the studio to bring some super fresh jams to families for a mind blowingly good time.
We are going into a studio to record our BLUE concert from last year!
True stories. Love letters. Songs written like they were ripped straight from a journal. On the honest and emotional side of country.
Please help me record this single that I wrote, called Be Free. I am aiming to  record, mix and master in a professional studio.
The January Records Project: Independent musicians are challenged to record a DIY EP in one month.  Then we release a compilation.
Black & Blue
It's my victories and failures put to melody.
I wrote song lyrics after the death of Michael Jackson in tribute to him and Elvis. I cant sing or write music so I need assistance.
THE THIRD TIME'S THE CHARM AS A STARZ SONG SAID! HELP KEEP US OUT ON THE ROAD.THE SHOWS ARE SLAMMING! THE REVIEWS ARE GREAT! CLIMB ABOARD FRIENDS :)
A new children's album by David Grover teaching children of all ages the meaning of the Jewish holidays and living by them everyday.
This is a debut Country album by Singer/Songwriter, NIck Berry, featuring ten songs that will either make you smile, laugh, or cry.
I'm an aspiring Country/Rock musician trying to make it. Done the 9-5 thing and the Army now trying to follow my dream an
With the help of all of our fans, this will help to fund the mixing and mastering stage of our debut album.
Help me finish my 1st EP, Music Lessons for the Soul, a 6-track album all about life.
This project is to record an EP of original worship songs by Dave Gellett and Graeme Campbell
Coming Soon... New music from country music artist Ben Garcia will  change the landscape of country music as YOU know it today!
What America is
Pledges will go to our first full studio album! We are ready to record / get our songs on the radio! Your donation will help us do it!
We've finished our first CD in the studio. Asking for help getting it duplicated and covers made, etc.
New music project of inspiration and love with songs from the heart
about life and love lost and found.
With an actual major label interested in signing Justin he needs your help to get to the signing table
I am getting ready to start working on my FIRST full length record!!! Would love your help to get it released by Christmas!!
A project to raise funds to shoot a music video for my father's song "Man from the Mountains."
Sponsor THE FLUTTERBIES East Coast Tour and produce our newest Alt Country tunes....
Through the Willows is a new 5 Song E.P By Singer Songwriter Jordan Bonner.
A CD where the artist captures his emotions and takes you on a journey!
I want to record and release an original blues/folk song, making it available in online stores worldwide.
Help me share my inspiration with the world and that's the gift of music and my heart felt songs !!
I've set out to finish my first full length album. I've got the resources to make it happen now I just need your help to help me cross the finish!
Creating video & launching publicity blitz for my newly created album Moments In Between for radio, film/TV, and label exposure.
"Beyond this Place" is a reflective collection of music filled with lyrical messages and musical arrangements sure to stir the soul of any listener.  
I have found a way to become a household name in a year. It will be revolutionary for the entertainment world and how it works.
Hey guys! It's been a long time since we've put out an album and this time we need your help so we can do it right!!! Please help us ou
This is a project about connections. We need your help to make music videos that aren't just about the music, but about people.
Hi everybody. Bell and I are ready to record our new album and we would like to invite you to join us in making it happen. Holler
WNDB is releasing their first EP. We want to bring our sound to the world and be able to give the masses a glimpse of who we are.
The Sophomore effort of an award-winning, up and coming, Boston area singer-songwriter.
A new cd from Chuck Haukos and Closer Than Brothers that chronicles their walk of faith. 10 new songs that Chuck has penned. 
Help get us in the studio. We are scheduled to record our first LP with Mike McClure soon! Independent Southern Rock and Country Music!
$10.5K in 29 days! Help fund a record that embodies a collection of true, human stories told through music this May.
Helping fire old school music executives by creating space where creative musicians can perform and get their craft out to the people.
Help support The Wade Trammell Band and their launch of their debut album, "In The Middle Of Nowhere."
This is one of the most heart-felt songs I have ever put to paper.
Music county music
Kevin James Devine is going to record his next solo album and needs your help!
Please help me record a full length all original album in Nashville by prepurchasing my CD and or donating to my fundrasing project.
I am trying to finish my first CD-- I have recorded a scratch demo of 11 songs-- I have 2 mastered but am trying to finish the rest.
AM1610 THE STATION: a non-commercial, low power, AM radio station broadcasting in Hamtramck, MI.  I'd like to build a studio and play local vinyl.
The Rachel Roberts band is ready to record their debut album in a professional studio and they need your help!
The Maine Coons on this record are a guitar, drum + organ combo shamefully begging fan boys and girls for money to release a vinyl record. 
I am going to be making my first full length album. Come along and join the project!
Howdy friends! We the Back 80 Bluegrass Band are doing an album! It's a mixture of gospel, hard drivin' bluegrass and original tunes.
Kylan was born in Mississippi. To date, he has close to 30 original and many cover songs that he performs live on a consistent basis.
It has been a long time dream of mine to release an actual 'vinyl record'. I have tried in the past but I need more orders to make it.
The Matt Poss Band is creating an album to try and tell the story of what it's like being a soldier in this complicated & modern age.
I want to inspire in the ways that i have been inspired! I want to assist in spreading the message that there is strength in community.
A concert in honor of the late, great JERRY, at St. Bart's in NYC. Need funds to pay musicians AND get a high quality recording!
Help me fund my EP and my trip to New York in May for a show and songwriting sessions... love you all!!! <3 xo
I, through no leap of faith or delusional hope, desire to create a sincere, creative, and memorable folk album.
John Denver Tribute Artists from all over the world will perform John's music in small intimate settings and a formal orchestra concert
After 35 years of performing in bars and night clubs, I have decided to follow my passion and write and perform for my Savior... :)
New American Farmers' "Rotation" full album will be released this summer. If there is a demand for vinyl, we'll press it.
The creative music duo of Kenneith Perrin of the U.S.A. and Tim Miles of the U.K. have collaborated to create new songs for a new CD.
Signed with Castle Records in Nashville, funds needed for my first solo album in recording studio.
