Original Bad Ass Blues that will Rock your Heart and Soul! The Blues Hawks is making an exciting new album! We would love your support!
Dirty Red & The SoulShakers are a 4-piece, blues band from Oklahoma, working to finish their new album, Cloudless Day.
A tribute to Blind Willie Johnson takes you into the world of early blues and gospel and the making of an all-star compilation.
Documenting the 6 year history of the Brooklyn Rod & Gun, and its meandering development into a haven for musicians and locals alike.
A shiny new album sent every 4 weeks! 13 albums like gifts given all year long by great American folk, roots, blues & country artists!
The fiery Soul Blues band Vintage#18 is releasing their debut album and they need your support!
Historical recording project, high profile producer, rock star backing band. We just need studio costs covered.
Sue Foley's new CD The Ice Queen to be recorded in Austin TX with the heavyweights of Texas blues.
DRIVIN' IT DOWN: Full-band, Revved-Up, Electric Blues & Roots Album by Justin Johnson
Charleston, SC-based quintet reviving the extraordinary Gullah music of America's southeastern Sea Islands.
Having honed our sound over the last 6 years and 5 full-length albums, we are excited to release a record of original material.
I want to make a professional caliber album of songs about heartbreak, lost love, and the joys of the musical struggle
The Power-Blues Duos first all original CD.  Help the band do it right, and get great rewards like hand made amps or cigar box guitars!
Backed by crazy-amazing musicians at a dream venue, I recorded my songs LIVE. Now I need help to get them mixed and ready to share!
A Vintage Soul-inspired Swingin' Rhythm & Blues journey with killer horn arrangements, hot harmonica. Music for a hip adult audience.
Celebrating our 20 years on the Boston Blues scene with a new EP (& all the fixin's--Horn Section! Guest Keyboards! Blues Harp!)
Recaudamos fondos para  nuestro octavo disco Un blues en la penumbra/ We are funding for our 8th album A blues in the gloom
Country and Delta Blues inspired music with a twist of Buddhism!
Please help me fund my first full length record "I Will Give"
We want YOU to be a part of our new album!!!
Help Mysti Mayhem complete the new EP Psychedelic Strawberry Shortcake,featuring Justin Bell on the guitar
