Help SCT's talented vocalists join forces with Grammy-winning producer, Joel Moss, to create our first ever holiday album!
A new album inspired by the chaos & beauty of family life!  Home is Family, by 2016 Juno-nominated artist and Juno-nominated producers!
Music school working hard on supplying mirrors on wheels and sound system for youth students classes, lessons and performances.
In efforts to promote awareness for this great American Art form, Jazz, I am hoping to raise funds to record a new album.
Raising the funds for a music service that will enhance the lives of children and young people by composing & recording songs with them
Cherie Call and Lyndy Butler team up to bring you original songs for creative, adventurous kids and the parents who love them.
Kid music that parents actually want to hear, too. Songs about dancing, animals, dancing animals & good hygiene, all to a rockin' beat.
Help Lizzy Luna share educational, energizing, and fun children's music with young yogis participating in Yoga Storytime and Songs.
We are going to make a cool album of bilingual songs for little ones. The album will have Welsh and English nursery rhymes and songs
Notasium™ is an interactive, music-based play space and school designed to awaken the musician in any child at any age.
Help The Jolly Lollies fund the production and recording of Wishin' Volume 2!  Let's bring it to the world Jolly Lollie style!!!
Help me build a 'House of Song', my new all original album devoted to good times, growing up, and the spirit of family and community!
We've completed our 3rd CD and we need your help to bring it to life!  Pet Rock is ready for packaging so help now!!
The children's album A Perfect Day aims to build up and transform the outlook of kids living with tough health challenges!
Grab extra socks. Parker Bent's new album for children, produced by multi-Grammy winner, Larry Klein, is gonna knock 'em clean off.
HRA is turning 10! Help us to raise the $ needed to reserve the club so alumni can get in for free. All donations go to HRA Foundation.
Help CMH create and disseminate a bi-lingual (Hawaiian/English) Study Guide for "Pākaʻa Lanakila!", a musical coming-of-age story.
Join my team to create a PR (public relations) campaign & to produce more videos for my anti-bullying music project for kids.
Joanie Leeds & The Nightlights are putting out a new kids album called BANDWAGON. Get up on it and help make it a reality.
Judy Rogers' newest album! Songs about animals in the Bible and God's glorious creation -- for  children and family.
Let's get it published... "Christmas with Grandchildren". A completed song describing the joy that grandchildren bring to Christmas.
A live-in-concert cd
featuring the best kids' songs I know. Come along for the ride..."a splendid time is guaranteed for all!"
I’m making an album of original songs for weird kids. Get involved by pre-ordering yours today. Or don’t. Your choice!
A rap and poetry workshop for Arab adolescents living in Egypt designed to encourage the use of creative outlets of expression
BLUEGRASS gone HYMNS with father and 10 year-old daughter.  Pre-order and become a part of our best album yet, 'For Dinner'.
Sing along to your favorite songs for a concert experience in your car...and your voice comes through your car stereo speakers!!
Stacey Baltes is recording a Children's Praise CD titled Kingdom Praise to help get the Word of God into kid's hearts!
Outstanding new songs and videos, Grammy-winning music producer, plus a cool new approach to music literacy.
Illuminating the significance of music education cultivating academic scholars
Complete recording of full orchestral score for a well-known childrens' play, to enhance the performance. Half done, half to go!
Support the creation of a full-length children's album based on the works of 1920s horror and science fiction writer H.P. Lovecraft.
Creating online content and resources to supplement music education for all students, especially those in underserved communities.
Pedagogo is an Educational Music Project in Puerto Rico. Our mission is to Reinforce, Promote and Cultivate moral values.
A childrens CD like no other, by a group like no other. To hear a sample, https://itunes.apple.com/us/album/the-booger-song
Boys ARE falling behind. They need positive male role models now. I can help. Boy oh Boys! will support them in finding their own way.
MiniVibez Radio is based on the concept of entertaining and educating children of all ages, particularly in early learning stages
My fiance and I spent a year of hopping on planes from Pgh to Houston. We are finally together in pgh and wrote this song on our trip.
The Kyneton Playgroup is producing a CD as a fundraiser to support their ongoing work to  suport community wellbeing.
I'll be recording a new CD of fun family music. We'll be movin' & groovin' with upbeat Jeff Jam originals & classic kid's favorites.
I would like to extend my free program to the community. In order to expand, I need additional instruments and funds to rent a room.
