A photographic book consisting of 36 colour photographs that explore Holden Lane High School in its final state.
This project is for the production of a photobook at the culmination of a photo documentary that is known as "It's Better In The Wind."
Destino tells the story of Central American migrants on the arduous trek across Mexico in pursuit of the American Dream.
A photobook about climate change, natural catastrophes, and to what extent disaster management became part of our landscape.
A unique insider 10-year photo-diary of rave culture-people-places. 1st edition sold out; new edition available in the USA & Europe.
A book that presents an account of my daughter’s adoption through an examination of 19th-century "hidden mother" photographs
DC's top street photographers document the inauguration of Donald J. Trump -- 3 days that will rock a nation and change the world.
An intimate portrait of Russian women in their private spaces by late photographer Andy Rocchelli published by Cesura.
Racing Age is a documentary photography book about masters track & field athletes of retirement age and older.
Eyes as Big as Plates - The book! Featuring over 50 portraits, field notes and behind the scenes stories from seniors around the world.
'Everything flows' - Heraclitus   // A visual poem on life’s transitory nature, told through the lens of a contemporary nomad.
THE WATCHERS is the first book of photos by Haley Morris-Cafiero.  It will contain the images from Wait Watchers and new photos.
A photobook of Robin Schwartz's ongoing series with her daughter Amelia.
A documentary photobook that captures the late 70s in evangelical America seen thru the eyes of a closeted and religious young man.
Abandoned in Place is a photography book exploring and documenting America's early space launch and research facilities.
A five year examination of the Philadelphia Inquirer newsroom reveals the challenges and harsh realities facing the newspaper industry
A book on a photography project shot with disposable cameras during a solo trip to South America in 2013.
Occupied Pleasures is a testimony to Palestinian resilience as they pursue simple pleasures in the face of an endless occupation.
A reimagined telling of the story "Ali Baba and the Forty Thieves".  Including photographs and stories of each of the forty thieves.
A hardcover photography book exploring themes of migration, identity and place in a changing rural Sweden.
Before hi-tech, things were simple. Disposable cameras proved your Naked Eye for photography. Today...we test that theory!
Limited EDITION PHOTO book featuring the beautiful model ANNABELLE 3 as your muse. Fine art nudes intended for a mature audience 18+
A photobook that sheds the naked truth on young-onset colon cancer & stories of those that have survived it. Help us save some butts!
An artistic photoshoot from the heartlands of Michigan featuring Richard "Dick" Hammer.
We are raising money for a photo shoot with the lovely Nadia
Everette Hartsoe's FULL METAL FEMMES is a 100-page pictorial coffee table book for collectors of fine art and pin up photography
A beautiful natural Fine art nude book exemplifying the female form presented by female producer Nina Vain.
OUR LAST PHOTO book featuring the beautiful model KORRI 4 as your muse. Fine art nudes intended for a mature audience 18+
Funding the publishing of a large scale, coffee table, art book of original photos - a study of the modern, male nude.
A beautiful natural Fine art nude book exemplifying the female form presented by female producer Nina Vain.
A beautiful natural Fine art nude book exemplifying the female form presented by female producer Nina Vain.
Collectible Limited EDITION PHOTO BOOK featuring the beautiful cosplay model SYTHE SEVEN as your muse. Fine art Pin up photography
Limited EDITION PHOTO book featuring the beautiful model RYLIE 4 as your muse. Fine art nudes intended for a mature audience 18+
Limited EDITION PHOTO book featuring the beautiful model CANDY 2 as your muse. Fine art nudes intended for a mature audience 18+
"Lucha Diabolica- Boobs, Masks, Mayhem" is a hardcover coffee table book that focuses on body diversity by Kat Attack Photography.
A beautiful natural Fine art nude book exemplifying the female form presented by female producer Nina Vain.
Help us raise the funds for a photo shoot with the lovely Sara.
A beautiful natural Fine art nude book exemplifying the female form presented by female producer Nina Vain.
A photobook featuring labradoodles from NYC and beyond.
A beautiful natural Fine art nude book exemplifying the female form presented by female producer Nina Vain.
I'm looking for capital to fund my project of photographing old rusty shite cars. Please give me all your monies!
This photobook will be filled with photographs that present new history of my country.
Taking photos of over weight people to show the world that Big Is Beautiful.
So basically I want to go to Las Vegas and take amazing pictures!
In short, I want to make a bad ass little book full of bad ass little pictures of a bad ass little woman.
Polaroid film is expensive
"Stilla älskad" (Loved in peace) is a photobook about Lund with pics taken by Lasse Sandström. Contribute to the printing.
This project began when my sister who has progressive multiple sclerosis wanted to document her disease progressive in photographs.
Trying to take my 4 kids to meet my family! Going to make a photo book of the trip/first time meeting.It was the kids xmas wish last yr
Making a photography project of an excellent location, the beauty of the island and the locals.
Capture in pictures all the amazing cosplayers in Adelaide in a coffee table book.
Humns is a photography blog based in New England. Humns aims to promote inspiration through photography.
The artistic Modeling, photography, writing and the performing  arts magazine that plans to launch its first monthly issue this summer.
Help create an artwork by instructing what beautiful photographs are captured as i travel abroad to various destinations over 90 days.
www.facebook.com/AaralynAndersonFanPage wanted to start a Kickstarter for a photo project she would like to do for her 5th Birthday
Help me send Emmy on great adventures around the states.  While I take fabulous pictures for your enjoyment!
Hi, I'm Anthony. I've been a photographer for 10 years. With this book, I will inspire a new way of looking at homelessness. Literally.
Last year I spent 10 days in Barcelona for my birthday, i carried my camera and photographed everything i saw, which became a book.
A black and white photo album about the life of refugees from especially Syria, Iran, Iraq, while they stay at Sandholm/DK.
A photobook illustrating the human effects of the massive human migration of Syrian refugees and the west's fear of accepting them.
Help me create an incredible photo book that tells the stories of people on the fringes of society, throughout the Southeast U.S.
Photographer Joseph D.R. OLeary has created portraits of 130+ bearded men for an exquisite, limited-edition, coffee table book.
Through the eyes of one man, journey 40 years with

The Allman Brothers Band. Over 300 photos documenting America's most iconic band.
A book of photographs that portrays America during the era of campus unrest, Vietnam & Nixon and beckons memories of our hope & anger.
We want to make visible and public a vast collective history that is little known and on the verge of disappearing.
A project that tells the stories of photographers, inventors & others navigating the epic changes from film to digital in photography.
30 years of UNEASY celebrity portraits by photographer Chris Buck
A stunning photography book about the abandoned factory, its history, and the surreal interior during its final days standing.
