I am a novice golfer, but I would like the opportunity to chronicle a round of golf at the world famous Plantation Course at Kapalua.
The journey of an amazing mini-Schnauzer's from New Orleans Louisiana to Fairbanks Alaska with many adventures along the way
A documentary photo project taking a lomography look at the beautiful coast of South Devon. Using a plastic camera and lomography film.
Professional photo trip to Central Asia, Uzbekistan. Worldwide photographer Vladimir Tschelowski.
Hey guys, I'm headed to Iceland and parts of Europe this July/August, I want to share some of my photos/videos with you.
We want to give images their due space in our fast moving society and bring them from screens and smart devices #BackOnTheWall.
Since 2006, I have been able to witness and photograph some of the most beautiful places on the planet and now it's time to share.
Photographic series of Nationals Park in Washington, D.C. One of the many stops in capturing each Stadiums beauty.
A trip to photograph the desolate, haunting shipwrecks of western Africa's "Skeleton Coast" and produce a high quality photo book.
Void Photography, in a nutshell, is what I've always wanted my career to be. Involving travelling, meeting people, and taking photos.
Our planet is full of amazing places and this project gives you the chance to show the world the amazing places near you.
This project will be a short book compiled of Stories and photos talking about new people and places from locations in the western U.S.
A Unique and unseen collection of Landscape, nature and wildlife photographs from the great state of minnesota.
I would like to photograph the historic sites around Chicago. I would like to include the Pullman factory and other ignored landmarks
I am raising funds to bring a photography/video club to the At Risk Youth of the East New York Community.
"OURS" is an urban photography book, it shows our cities and streets, our environment, our culture and memories, our history and future
Postcards with a twist: I send you a postcard with one of my photos on it, you figure out the location from the clues in the message.
This book will contains some of the most breathtaking photos of the Holy land ever seen along with a detailed description you'll love
I just want to pick up on a photography project around my beautiful UCLA campus and I need funds to purchase a quality camera. :)
A photographic guide to all UK's National Parks and areas of beauty. 

A modern complete digital photographic guide + walking routes
A print series creating a moonlit portrait of a sleeping small town in the mountains of North Carolina. Everytown USA while it dreams.
Let us take you behind the scenes of the greatest sporting event France will ever see with a Photobook showing the other si; Euro 2016
Sending polaroid postcards (postaroids) and other memorabilia from one of the most sought after destinations in the world, New York.
I'd like to raise money so I can do first-hand research on some of Europe's interesting historical castles for a photo book.
Photos of the whereabouts of a Legoman at various spots, mainly in London.
This Epic Journey is to photograph scenic and historical sites within the United States. See Nearsighted Photographer on Facebook.
Three photographers meet in Los Angeles for a weekend to document the city's neighborhoods, landmarks, cemeteries, markets and more.
Due to a series of unfortunate circumstances, I am a photographer without a camera. Eager to start clicking, just need your help.
I will travel to Japan to photograph the people, places, and culture and share those images back for full and free public domain use.
Three photographers are traveling to Paris/London and want to send you a self-printed postcard capturing the beauty of each place.
From Thurso to Penzance, I'll travel all the coasts of Great Britain by train and take photos at every location before making a collage
To promote individual and business facilities through aerial videography and photography!
Raised along the Delaware River, I aspire to share and preserve its deep beauty while expanding my own capabilities as a photographer
I would like to do a paranormal investigation of Australia's Largest Abandoned Lunatic Asylum, Aradale Asylum.
A travel journey and limited edition photo book documenting the beauty of New Zealand in winter.
My project is to fund airfare for my 10 day spiritual and photographic Pilgrimage to Wales.
MyCoolPlanet.net is the first complete collection of unique experiences and photos from around the world, made free for all humanity.
Six young photographers aim to travel to Barcelona and capture the true beauty of the side of the city people rarely see.
10-pack of picture postcards taken at beautiful locations on and around the Big Lake. Send them. Display them. Love them.
Wild Darlings Photography & Art Studio is part of a dream started 3 years ago and it has grown into so much more than I imagined!
A year long photography project exhibiting the people and places of the picturesque Swan Valley, Western Australia
LA is more than just Hollywood. I wish to show more of the city, from known to undiscovered places, through blogging and photos.
Get a selfie that makes you look like you were @ the Super Bowl!
Travelling to peru to volunteer in a children's home and teaching the children the importance of photography
My 7years in the US have so far been mostly just work and school. Now I wish to travel and discover all 50 states and need your support
Photographing the lifestyles of Barcelona and Madrid; one of the greatest fútbol rivalries of all time.
Unique helicopter tour/survey/photography business available year-round to serve your hometown.
Martin is my son and he wants to go to Washington D.C. and he will tell his story in pictures and movies if I get enough $ to take him.
Los Angeles is notorious for its lack of public restrooms. I will document the best and worst in Los Angeles so you know where to go.
A photo project based in Guatemala, traveling from Guatemala City to Huehuetenango.
I need to fully restore my 1970 VW Bug to modern saftey and reliability levels so I can take her on the road and photograph our journey
"from the road" is a series of photographic diaries intent on capturing the inherent beauty of far off places.
A Historic Photographic Documentation & Exhibition
Of A Old West Town
18 months of research - over 4,500 miles & more than 15,000 images captured in S.E. Wyoming! Let's publish the book!!
"What if money was no object?" is a project with the purpose to show exactly that.
I'd like to visit every city in California and record a short 30 second clip of the cities most iconic points of interest.
Spectacular imagines captured from National Parks throughout the USA to raise funds for medical surgery.
This is their one year anniversary and they have yet to go on a honeymoon! Lets fund this trip!
A photo album shot on location in Maranello featuring Ferraris and Lamborghinis through history. Backers receive high resolution photos
Returning to run the streets of NYC. I will capture the excitement, the people, the course, the pain, and I will create a photo book.
A Kiwi of Scottish heritage has a yearning to photograph the Castles of Scotland in 2015 and produce a coffee table book at the end.
To capture the powerful essence and color of emotion from all around us.
We combine photography, blog, poetry, landscape art and video. Our aim is to experience and help people tell their own stories.
I am traveling through Herefordshire putting my tripod where local pioneer photographer Alfred Watkins put his nearly a century ago.
I am in need of photography equipment to start a historical archive project.
"AGO" Enlightening and engaging presentations that focus on two of ancient Greece's greatest legacies: the Olympics and Democracy.
A limited edition calendar (numbered and signed) of select images from #numbersofnewyork that are emblematic of this amazing city.
My goal is to show everyone through photography the work that is put in to build bridges and roads.
Paintbox Studio aims to be a photography and film hub in the heart of South Wales for creatives to come together and create.
Exploring architectural features of London. A vision of hidden gems and a different viewpoint.
Real Estate 3D Photo Service as an addition to aerial photos and videos and to document historical structures in Central Arkansas.
I'm an Active duty US Sailor that wants to share his journeys, expiernces, and memories with the world through his photos!
We would like to shoot an aerial tour of Riverfront park to give to the city to use for promotional purposes
Ever wanted to see your or a loved ones little friend in some of the most iconic places in the world?
We are a young couple trying to share the beauty in the dead ruins across America. We are searching to find new unique places to share
A gallery highlighting the haunting truth behind once functional and beautiful objects that have since been broken and forgotten.
I will be photographing the Twin Cities Metro mountain bike trails this summer making limited edition cards/prints from the series.
We Are...Penn State! A 'day in the life' series.
A photography project geared towards preserving the beauty and culture of small-town libraries in New England.
Initial, start up funds sought to fund a lively, knowledgeable, guided waterfall tour guide service for "The Land of the Waterfalls"
Dynamische, dramatische und künstlerische Darstellungen von Reisen, verlassenen Orten und Alltagssituationen. Meine erste Galerie.
Join our campaign to capture how history hides in plain sight through the arts of photography and research!
We document Arizona's backcountry roads. We map them, bring together the local history, and educate the public.
Production of large acrylic prints and exposition of the first professional 100% iPhone made coverage of very first moments of Sandy
The atolls of the Maldives are a true paradise on Earth. This project will capture this paradise in a stunning 360 panoramic tour
My project is to create a website with information about culture, nature, people and traditions of the 17 small states of Nicaragua.
3D Art and Photography combine in an epic journey across the great states!
Photographic canvas prints depicting different scenes from around the globe, including local images taken in Sussex England.
I create canvas prints of images from in and around New Orleans
I am a photographer who is inspired by the original Jules Verne story. I will make a thousands of photo and video materials for You.
25 Kansas State Parks in the next year. What a great adventure to take together. Join me. Together we can photo this beautiful state.
We've explored some of the most amazing places in New Zealand and can't think of a better way to share our experiences than a photo :)
Show the world the beauty that is in all of our back yards!
Aerial Photographs of Historical Structures and Landmarks across the US. Experience the Antique structures from the most Unique Angles!
Southeast Texas as seen through the lens of a cell phone camera
I want to be able to have my own photography inside a canvas and have it be displayed everywhere.
Discover Italy through photography.
Hi, my name is Ciarán May & i'm a photographer from Co Fermanagh, Ireland. With your support  we can bring this wonderful book to life.
A portfolio collage of beautiful pictures of authentic Pittsburgh locations and scenery.
A trip to fulfill a dream of capturing the wonders and history of ancient Italy in person.
Ever gotten your heart broken& needed to find it again by creating/connecting with friends again? Laurie needs to travel to NYC & shoot
12 months of neon lights reminding us when art was a part of advertising.
Fresh, clean air from the #1 beach in America, delivered straight to you, anywhere in the world. Breathe deep and enjoy the sea breeze!
DON'T MISS THIS OPPORTUNITY TO BACK THIS BOOK.
THIS IS THE BOOK YOU NEED ON YOUR TRIP TO ITALY.
Thank You, Michael Belardo
Canoeing from West Virginia to Louisiana down the Mississippi River to reveal the character of this classy lady.
I will spend the day photographing on - GoTransit Lakeshore route and taking photos for a photo essay for my NatGeo myshot account.
Find and explore deserted plases in Lithuania capital.
Tropical Noir is a photographic exploration of nocturnal spaces in Puerto Rico where social elements are dramatically staged.
Making a Photographic and Video-graphic experience for any one who appreciates covered bridges, with views from the air, land and water
I am putting together a book about boats, where they come from, there names, and the people who sail them. Join me on a 4,000mile trek.
A collection of the most amazing parts of Melbourne, captured in vivid detail.
A Tale of Two Cities is a photographic series exploring of the polarization of economic inequality in America.
Photographing the city, historic architecture and nightlife of Raleigh/Durham- an unique experience of American roots
Discover 3D Ireland is the synthesis of our fascination with 3D photography and the discovery of 3D historical materials of Ireland
Douzens of photographer enrolling in a project to take all the beautiful, historical, meaningful pictures within every ON town and city
The Surrogate Selfies Project is a photography project that puts you inside the photographs of a NYC artist.
With a history that is quickly being forgotten, and an environment being lost, this projects seeks to capture that which will be lost.
How do you connect societies? Through the power of the photograph. This is a photographic expedition to Kuwait.
The long term project to create a document of the river which flows across Central Europe towards The Black Sea
New Zealand Greatscapes - a celebration of my 35 years photographing the stunning landscapes of NZ coming in this 128 page publication
Jenny and Pete are building a portable Camera Obscura for Birmingham and need your help to make it happen.
Tribe Photo gives people the opportunity to rent cameras, learn photography and sell their best work. The world gains unique images.
To explore, on foot, slowly across Texas, and describe with photographs the people and places found over 1000 miles
Two photojournalists – one American, one Russian – on a 3700 km quest to capture the heart of Russia in a beautiful photo book.
Experience the beauty of Mongolia - a calendar, greetings cards & prints based on my photographs taken in the Gobi desert, winter 2013
5 continents, 500 places, more than 15.000 photos...
The sky is the mirror of the soul, the place where nature meets poetry.
A 2016 photography calendar created by people who have been homeless. Unique photos, inspiring stories. A beautiful gift.
An effort to spark interest in North Minneapolis history through a unique portrayal of photographs blending past and present images.
A PHOTO BOOK  CELEBRATING THE REMEMBRANCE OF THE SEEDY SIDE OF TIMES SQUARE IN THE 1970'S AND EARLY 80'S
9000 miles from London lies the British island of Pitcairn - one of the world's most isolated communities and home to just 47 people.
I am a photographer with a working holiday visa to New Zealand. I am creating a post card a week for a year to share my travels.
A 10-year photographic series looking at the transformation of Macao, China from a small post-colonial city into Asia's "Las Vegas"
We are trying to raise funds for our Spring Show where we will exhibit our work in our UNI gallery for our project
Original Paris black and white architectural photography Tarot Deck City Mystic • Paris by Ginnie Jester, my second Tarot deck.
I am taking my love for photography and passion for travel to the next level - with a 5 month trip to Vietnam, Cambodia and Thailand!
A fine hardcover coffee table book and 31 collector cards about Huntington, West Virginia.
High resolution aerial images of the Bridger Mountains shot from the east.  Will benefit skiers, climbers, hikers, and hunters.
A 12 month 2017 wall calendar with images from California deserts.
A large (14"x11") lay-flat 40-page hardcover photobook of the Camino de Santiago
One Jeep, One thousand miles of highway, and a whole lot of photography.
Wild Atlantic Way - Ein 300 Seiten starker Bildband über Irlands spektakuläre Küstenstraße.
A photography book by Sean Bradley reflecting the current state of Vietnam in post-war 2016.
Offering a beautiful and inspiring 2017 photo calendar of New Orleans from the unique perspective of people who have been homeless.
Help me document my first year living in Japan on a Polaroid photo-diary and receive an original of your choice in exchange!
Chine: Un projet photographique.
China: A photography project
'INNOVATE: Un/Fold Northampton' is a photographic exhibition which documents the changing urban landscape of Northampton
Help me take you on a photographic trip to South East Asia and get original high quality posters of your favourite shots. Thanks for <3
An exhibit displaying some of the most intimate and iconic images captured during the Vietnam War by elite US Army Combat photographers
Kite photography is a unique and capable way of getting shots from  otherwise impossible perspectives and places.
Two astrophotographers backpack the Grand Canyon to capture its magnificence under the nighttime sky.
2 photographers, 1 project, starkly contrasting Images. Re-imagining the English Lake District at night in a free public exhibition.
A series of 18x24" lithographic nature prints by NY area outdoor photographer James Brisciana
Framing Urban Narratives is an exhibition of 10 international artists and photographers, opening at Greenwich Gallery on 19th October.
I want to take a trip to Memphis, TN and create five 10X10 Apple photo books to commemorate the trip.
Series of wet-plate tintypes depicting iconic visions of the American Southwest, developed on location in a portable darkroom.
Travel photography of Georgia, Alabama and Mississippi taken from a passenger train. From Atlanta to Hattiesburg, MS.
Heading off to photograph the wilds of one of America's truly unique places where nature is clawing it's way back. Help send me there!
3 longtime friends of questionable health will drive to the best donut shops in the SF Bay Area and eat and rank the finest donuts.
Un périple à moto à travers les cultures et les pays, depuis la Thaïlande jusqu'en France, à la découverte de la diversité du monde.
Purchase of a drone with HD camera to share the images.
Beschaffung einer Drohne mit HD-Kamera um die Bilder zu teilen.
Documenting stories & photographing the existing border fence between Brownsville, TX & San Diego, CA.
My goal is to demonstrate political commentaries through photography that provokes thoughts and emotions beyond the bubble we live in.
We are making an awesome 3D book about the German island of Heligoland! Lots of fantastic stereoscopic images. 3D glasses are included.
Working & living spaces don't need to be boring! Decorate your rooms, office, or any common area with our best photographs.
A photography project dedicated to capturing the beauty of American's National Parks. Starting from West to East.
We are starting a new take on the drone photography business.  Where we provide an autonomous aerial photography and video service.
A photobook and exposition, nostalgic regard on the modern Philippines, where the time seems stopped at an other age.
Our goal is to create a single space were educators can take their students into virtual reality field trips.
Original NYC black and white architectural photography Tarot Deck City Mystic • New York by Ginnie Jester and Chris Hopkins
Bless Your Heart is a photography project by Grant Ellis to go back to the Mississippi Delta and finish a body of work.
An exhibition of long exposure landscapes that erase all of a city's inhabitants, leaving the viewer to imagine what’s been obscured.
Support a refugee community that's using citizen science to map, analyse, improve, green, and take charge of their environment.
A photography book and guide to the creative legacy of neon survivors and lost icons of small businesses in San Francisco.
Captain Ahab, a 3ft tall bright yellow wooden fisherman/aspiring wannabe pirate, wants to commandeer Ireland ... join us !!!
The Legacy project is a fascinating not-for-profit endeavour to photograph the mystifying stone remains of British prehistoric sites.
Recording the aftermath of Hurricane Sandy in Monmouth and County, NJ one night at a time.
Documenting the NYC lifestyle and cultural contrasts throughout all the neighborhoods of Manhattan.
Three photographers on a journey to explore South Africa.
A photographic collection focusing exclusively on the unique cultural, historical, and natural beauty of the Black Belt of Alabama.
Un livre d'artiste interactif sur la prison de Clairvaux.
A interactive artist's book about the infamous prison of Clairvaux.
I will be spending the day photographing on the Toronto Transit Commission (TTC) routes and taking photos for a photo essay.
Visible Iceland is devoted to ensuring that everyone sees this inspirational place of sheer natural beauty through a photo exhibit.
If you could explore the back roads of America, where would you go? Who would you meet? What photos would you take along the way?
Born To Roam is the photo journey of 50 different cameras capturing the Burning Man experience through multiple people.
A photography exhibition exploring the stories of those who endured the Canterbury Earthquakes and have since moved on.
Help me to photograph prehistoric Ireland for The Legacy Project, a fascinating not-for-profit endeavour to help preserve ancient sites
To do a photo series documenting the aftermath of the disaster and how the area, including Pripyat, has been retaken by wildlife.
{30x30} to celebrate Emily Olson's world travels for her 30th birthday by showcasing her favorite 30 photographs!
The project explores the contemporary issues related to the spatial and social transformation of Japan's urban landscape & those in it.
Four days in the heart of Canada.
A treasure map meets a postcard: receive a postcard in the mail and figure out the location from the clues in the message.
The World is so Big, so Beautiful and so Excited. BUT,
Life is too Busy, Life is too Costly, Life is too Short!
Let's get, set and go!
A gift (подарок) from Russia. Analog and digital photos taken in modern day Russia. Each photo will be unique and only be printed once.
A photography project shot over the abandoned Nuclear Plant in Hartsville, Tennessee.
A bingo card that provides 1690 kilometers of infotainment along the Swedish national route E45.
A photography journey of Toronto. A show for people who love Toronto, its neighbourhoods & want to explore it all in one place.
A photographic travelog of one week in St. John, USVI, ranging from breath-taking landscapes to intimate details.
I'm an Eagle Scout who wants to photography my new Troops Camp Experience so I can produce a video & photo book/s of their experiences
To organise an exhibition of Alan Craigie's photographs of Orkney in both Edinburgh and Orkney
A venture from Portland to Rapid City to Taos to Joshua Tree, gathering images of the land and people.
Adventure photography and getaway inspiration for some of the most stunning locations to hike, climb, run and ski in a weekend
An online collection of photographs from the golden age of Catahoula, a tiny Cajun community on the shores of a legendary lake
The Legacy project - A fascinating not-for-profit endeavour to photograph the mystifying stone remains of British prehistoric sites.
A photo zine from a decade long project documenting Plato, Missouri – a small town at the exact center of the U.S. Population.
Fly around the Chesapeake Bay and enjoy these unique and thought provoking images of the natural shapes that Mother Nature has created.
Aberdeenshire is home to the highest UK concentration of Stone Circles which makes it a perfect 2016 subject for the Legacy Project.
photos, nearly the exact same image, taken almost a century apart and then layers them into one image. series of 6 XL canvas prints
Cuban-American photographer, Silvia Ros, traveled to Cuba, with educator and mentor, Tim Hossler, on a photographic journey.
Share in Alan's Great Tassie Photo Trek! Celebrate his BIG birthday & support his unique photog POV and his first online exhibition.
A 12 month calendar featuring the beautiful and stunning scenery of Montana.
Two young wanderers document a 3-month road trip across the American West; the beginning of their pursuit towards a life worth living.
i will send you a photo i have taken of Co Down, Northern Ireland
An experimental photo journal produced by two travelers in the Same Place, Same Time. Two people, two lenses, one work of art.
Soul Rebel Vintage is hitting the road and heading west with Foxes and Fork for their pop-up shop and talk tour! Help us hit the gas!
Travelling to the village of Ibrahimpasa in Turkey to shoot 4th century cave dwellings and the unique landscape that surrounds them.
Photo Exhibit
Documenting the demolition of The Metrodome in Minneapolis, Minnesota --- Rewards are custom printed Music Photography +
Photographer Lawrence D'Attilio's dual language 180 page compilation of Vietnam; foreword by Joseph Galloway, essay by Nguyen Qui Duc.
I'm seeking to make beautiful photographs from abandoned places in/around Pittsburgh. The money will go towards gas and a camera.
1 week helping develop Romblon Island for tourism + 1 week discovering Ilocos Norte in time for Day of the Day festival => readysetgo
Next spring I will be studying abroad in Lausanne, Switzerland, taking both photos and classes, and soaking up the beauty.
For those who love California History, come join me as I explore the beauty and history of California lit up at night.
life is all about adventures and I believe the next path in my adventure leads to Austin,Texas and discovering who I am.
Wisconsin the Beautiful is to be simply the story of WI in pictures, historical, places, nature, people.
Help us explore 3 countries during the 4L Trophy and take amazin photos of differents cultures. Traveller project.
spontanious, pull over to the side of the road worthy pictures during drives in my car.
High altitude photography using a stabilized gyro attached to a weather balloon.
Korean culture has lasted hundreds of years. To see the structures of a life past still standing in a modern society is breath taking.
My name is Jason Blackwell. With your help, I'm going to capture photographs from some of Europe's most beautiful places Paris & Italy.
"Desolation Photography Project" is a photo album of the "Ghost town" of Consonno with a new perspective photography style.
I want people to see the beauty in the city of Detroit as I have seen it through my eyes being born and raised in this amazing city.
First ever DIY Photo Studio. Picture Yourself's time has come. Use your own camera, create and keep all the images!  Students to Pros.
A calendar featuring the scenic and architectural beauty of Romania.
Documenting many of the not so well know historical sites in Florida
#ChasingIreland (noun): A project helping @sarenabee chase her dreams of moving to Europe for a year & capture Ireland in photos
Forbidden places were open to me and exclusive images never before published will be the focus of my Photography Show.
See Vancouver like you've never seen it before! Join 7KIDS as they capture our amazing city, producing great photos delivered to you!!!
Photography coffee table book and digital download. Take pictures on the road and interesting sights on the way.
Two best friends trying to get themselves a new camera lens and tickets to Patagonia to build up our photography portfolios!
I am raising funds to spend a week into the wild forest of finnish Lapland
Luftaufnahmen mittels Drohne. Egal ob Immobilien, Landschafts,- oder Eventaufnahmen. Die Vogelperspektive ist unschlagbar.
“A City of Angels" is a book about the history of Los Angeles, its landmarks and fashions.
Coney Island (Brooklyn) and Rockaway Beach (Queens) photo calendars shot by award-winning NYC photographer John Huntington
I want to shorten the gap between the world and you... I will travel to show you things you never thought you could see...
As a middle school student interested in American History, I'm $550 away from going with my school to take photos and learn 1st hand.
Share in our story as we journey to southern Japan for fantastic fun on Organic Farms. Help us document the trip with a digital camera!
An amazing photographic series featuring every MLB Stadium's detail, ballpark, food, players, history, and more!
My goal is to create a photo journalistic view of the goldfields region of Western Australia, a place not many get to see.
We are taking a road trip along the rocky coast of Maine.  We'd like to share the sights, the sand, and the seafood.
Bogen "Bornholm - folk, fæ og foodies" har klaret sig rigtig godt, vi vil så gerne lave en 2'er. Vi repræsenterer DK i gourmand awards.
Spain in summer = great opportunity for photos to tell stories! Sun sand sea as well as campo pueblas and corruption... It has it all!!
photography is my true passion. My dream is to run my own photography business and be able to travel the world. Talent, inspiration.
A vast collection of photographs of some of the rare and beautiful wildflowers of West Virginia. From Orchids to Ferns to Lilies.
This is a project to create a catalogue of nature at its finest.
Our journey is about exploring and experiencing the world, by seeking adventure, challenges and magic along the way.
The F350 will be traveling around LA, MS, & TX. Photos will be taken of the truck in whichever environments the adventure Takes Her.
I want to bring awareness to the beauty in lost parts of the city through photography. To show that not all is lost due to crime.
Fascinating 360 degrees 3D VR images of London . All famous sights as 3D VR views. Discover london from home with google cardboard.
10 Jahre Dokumentation von Helden bei der Arbeit in einmaligen Fotos und spannenden Geschichten hinter den Kulissen.
The beautiful NYC fineart wall-calendar and fineart baryta-prints in limited edition. Eyecatcher for your livingroom or office!
The Bakken is an ever changing landscape. Using technology of a drone to capture hi res photos and videos.
JKingston es un adolescente de 18 años que se dedica a subir rasca cielos para tomar un mejor panorama del mundo
Dedicated to creating stunning full 360 panorama's for interactive viewing or large print of your home, your surroundings or groups
Hello. I'm planning a new project to visit the wonderfully historic city of Raleigh/Durham to spend a weekend photographing the city
I want to capture my home city of Chicago from an aerial perspective, inspiration came from Vincent Laforet who captured NYC recently!
My goal is to capture the natural wonders of the stunning Columbia Gorge in a breathtaking time lapse video.
An inside look at the real Zaporozhye, Ukraine via pictures and experiences through a unique and personal lens.
I'll go around Michigan taking pictures of things, and send those pictures to backers as rewards. One picture goes to one backer.
A travel photo sharing website where visitors can create albums, post photos, browse and search through other peoples travel photos.
Discover the country side of Vietnam as I return to my hometown. See how the real people of Vietnam live.
Discover the magic of the places in Puglia.
One of my many dreams in this silly life is to go to Alaska to see the Northern Lights. it is extremely expensive...i need your help!!!
Virginia is a state with awesome landscapes. This project will show how beautiful Virginia is.
This project intends to capture the photos of villages and historical sites in Iran. Hopefully the photos from actual people will show
Heading to the Deep South to engage in cultural discovery. As a team of five, we'll document the trip with analog and digital photos.
Support the first American woman to complete an Explorer's Grand Slam. Help me to compile breathtaking photos from along the way.
Help me put my photography on display at City Hall this November.
A unique cultural experience that brings the world of travel and education together in an unconventional way for girls ages 13-18.
Friends in the photography industry take two weeks to travel west to the coast for perspective, escape, and maybe some work.
Myth or Reality? We are Javi and Mark, and we get to go around the world in 80 days with the help of the followers of challenges.
Sharing my best shots of this year
One woman photo journey to the childhood places and ancestral lands in Siberia documented in a beautiful art photography calendar.
Love the beauty of Scotland and the phenomenal sights, then have a look at this amazing Scottish photo book.
I will travel to each town and take photos of historic sites covered bridges and known landmarks
A 50 year journey along the Grand Trunk canal side, 
showing a forever changing landscape.
Amazing American Cities documents city centers around these United States and the people that call these cities, "home".
Recreating my grandad's long lost USA slides from the 1960s by visiting the exact locations and taking modern photographs of each site
Aspiring photographer of all things LOVE. ♡ Raising money for a camera and a glorious roadtrip do it :)
I'm going to travel around the state of Washington, photograph and publish a book about the places that cannot be missed.
Help me create a blog & gallery that focuses on little know places in Michigan.  Scenic places, unique restaurants & shops, etc...
This project is about showing the forgotten pieces of Detroit. The spaces always seem to have something magical about them.
My name is Mike. I take photos of the things I see. I'm going to Hong Kong, Japan, and NorCal for a bit. You donate $, you get photos.
Cat's are all around Istanbul, Turkey!  This project will allow me to photograph them all around this wonderful city!
I have a great passion for photography and would love the opportunity to further my work with aerial photography.
Immerse yourself in the atmosphere of Scotland & Ireland! Explore a new magical location every day with great quality 360° panoramas.
Trying to capture relics/artifacts of Schenectady — where TV started — in black and white film for proposed book.
Taking my wife on a surprise honeymoon all over the US, and photographing the entire journey.
Taking and sending polaroids from 3 cities in France. Backers will receive a unique post card in the form of a polaroid photo.
An up to date photographic documentation of 21st century life in Paris. Creative street photography in a reportage style.
13 year old girl wants to document her European trip with photographs.  Wants to make large prints and photo books.
I'm from one of the most beautiful places on the planet, and I would love to share it with the world through photography!
Reviewed advice for military personal stationed overseas about places they want to visit or vacation in to avoid being scammed.
Want to see the places my Dad saw in WW2 plus some other cities.
This is THE FREEDOM PROJECT, a collection of travel photographs and musings about life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness.
Help me send a postcard from South Africa!
A local photography project about recording the simplistic beauty and history of Quaker Meetinghouses in Pennsylvania.
Three hundred and thirteen (313) photos that show the bright side of Detroit.
The next female Anthony Bourdain. I'll travel across South America sharing with you the magical sites such as Easter Island & Peru,
I'm going on a trip around Europe this summer, and I need your help As a thank you I'd like to give you photos and other related perks.
I've chased down my dream of having my own studio! I'm raising funds to help furnish and afford large prints and props
Major photo, art and video exhibit of my documenting of the port of New York and the passenger shipping industry.
Funding to produce the print run of 2017 calendars of 2 designs.
Orvieto is a beautiful medieval city in the heart of Umbria. I recently lived there for four months and compiled stories and images.
Heading to Japan for a great adventure but those things don't come cheap! I would appreciate any love given to help me further my skill
I will be traveling to New England in the Fall of 2016. I need to upgrade my camera equipment before the trip. Please help.
Hawaiian SandScript Writing ... "Love Letters In the Sand" ... your way to send a special message to that special someone from afar ..
From The Road is about people. The American people. A journey into the unknown, the past and the ever present now!
Virginia is a beautiful state that few really get to experience.The mountain views are breath taking and shall be experienced by ALL!
Do you like to capture memories? I do and would like to produce a official photography book of iconic places and spaces in Tasmania.
Salem was my first home in MA. I'm creating a small, photo book of places that have inspired me in this historic town.
Capturing the sights and sounds of the great Chesapeake Bay!
I am creating a fine art photographic portfolio of four monasteries dedicated to St. Michael in Ireland, England, France, and Italy.
I can put anything in a picture. I have always been creative but now I want to make a place for my family with the way I see the world.
Up and coming self employed photographer. Passionate about all Photography. Looking to increase and expand my horizons.
Documenting the best Food & Beverage outlets along the northeast through photography!
An ambitious project to capture the toilets in the world's best theme park, and display them in a creative and wonderful portfolio.
Our earth is a canvas and the nature which thrives from it, is the art. Join me to capture the magic of nature and present it with art.
The purpose of this project is to document in photos the history and the diminishing population of Europe's Jews.
Seeing what you have seen before from a different perspective can be amazing. I'm looking to show memorable places/ events from above.
"Land of everlasting youth"- Bringing Irish mythology to life through photographs from across Ireland
To photograph the Franklin, TN Civil War battlefield from the air to show the current state of preservation.
Capture images of towns and landscape in Australia & record these on the internet. Map them on Google Earth to inspire others to visit.
Friends & family have sent me to Europe for my 30th, my 1st time overseas. Though costs & cut work hours have my shattered my budget :(
I am exploring,through pictures,the excitement,chaos,beauty and wonder that is the SZiGET Festival held every August in Budapest.
París Maravilla is a project intended to capture and express the feeling of Paris, as well to portray its land, its people, and culture
Wanna get or send a unique postcard from Antarctica (or Ushuaia)?
My friend Jay and I have a passion for traveling. However, as two college students, we don't have the necessary funds.
I would like to have the funding to share with the world the beauty in all things concerning land and nature.
This is a photojournalism project about China, it's people, art, religion's, food and more. It will be a look at China past and present
Neuchâtel et ses rues, villes magnifiques, découvrez ses beautés au travers d'un reportage photos de qualité.
A where to fish website for UK Carp anglers, using aerial photos and videos to give a great overview of each venue.
I'm in Europe during the running of the bulls, but it's expensive to get in and out of Pamplona at that time, that's where you come in
California is step one of a fifty state photo project, featuring the people, the places, and the beauty of the state in a unique way.
A discovery of the culture, beauty and diversity of the United Kingdom's northern islands.
My american friends told me that Canadians didn't have any pride in their country… Help me prove them wrong !
Since I was a little girl, I had not only a love for theatre but, for Greek theatre. I would love to document it's history.
Photography 101: Helping Kids See Behind The Lens.
Help me help others. Help an acting and language student travel to Oaxaca to learn Spanish for his work and his art for the community.
HAVE YOU EVER WANTED TO SHARE A MOMENT WITH SOMEONE ELSE?  I WANT TO DO JUST THAT WITH MY PHOTOGRAPHY.
I spent time out in Israel & Palestine. They have some of the best street art I have ever seen. The emotion and passion incorporated
A photo book that documents the simplicities of daily life in the midst of Arab Spring and in the wake of The Gaza-Israel War
We are Cody & Abby, April 2015 we will be leaving Charleston,SC to travel the world. facebook.com/littleabbyktravels
A monochrome walk in the (lovely) hellhole ... Brussels.
Le projet consiste en la présentation de mes photographies lors d'une exposition à l'Auberge de Jeunesse alternative de Montréal
Two and a half weeks in Argentina, Chile & Patagonia.
We are selling calendars that depict the part of Hawaii that isn't just beaches, babes, and sunshine.
My eye through a camera of landscapes, portraits, architectural photography, events, places, animals, sports, and capturing life.
Capturing Denvers buildings and skyline today and presenting it side by side with the exact images from 100 years ago.
Continuation of award-winning Aussie photographer's Southwest USA exploration through the lens, showcasing stunning red-rock landscapes
Just want to show people why Iran should be known for its passion for soccer, and not its politicians...
This Project Is about seeing the beauty and history or everyday places and remembering where we came from.
I am building my architectural photography portfolio and will be photographing landmarks in the Minneapolis/St. Paul metropolitan area.
Fund a bus trip cross country and taking photos of every step of the way to share with folks by making prints at the end of the trip
Will and Dan, are surfers and bodyboarders, who want to document their extreme journey on Australia's best surf beaches
Creating a book and film on the struggle to redefine myself .
Madison, CT, a cozy beach community that doubles in size in the summer. Hard cover, full color book will help visitors cherish memories
Alain Guillou a roulé + de 80 000 km photos à vélo couché en Bretagne. Son rêve: la revisiter avec un drone en commençant par La Rance
Creating a tourism promotional calendar of the 1000 Islands and area. We are a poor area with gorgeous views.
A photographic e-book which describes Banan's approach to Alaskan landscape photography.
Two fools in love with a mission to photograph this country in the rawest way possible on the way to a totally new adventure.
If your an transit enthusiasts. This is an investment you'd want to chip in for!!
A photo collection of soon to be closed east end pubs.
I'm going to produce a Photo eBook about Mantua, an italian town and UNESCO World Heritage Site where roman poet Virgil was born.
Photography project documenting  communities in Bolivia that use revised indigenous knowledge in agriculture to adapt to climate change
Calendar featuring landscape images from Morocco, Mexico, China, Netherlands and Belgium
I am creating a photo experience of teachers coming together in Dakar to share ideas and teaching in a local school.
Beautiful non manipulated photographic images of wildlife/landscape local to South Yorkshire/Derbyshire printed to A5 greetings cards
RoadTrip America is a 2 month expedition across the breadth of the United States covering 10,000 miles and a number of iconic landmarks
Wanting to prove to the world there are spirits here after we pass. Investigations in  RI & beyond!
Have list of things needed!
Want your own one-of-a-kind photograph? Get your personalized piece of the Pacific Northwest.
From Santa Monica Pier to downtown Chicago and back again. A road trip of Route 66 documented and shared through Polaroid film.
Lots of; Dangerous, scenic and beautiful photos!
500+ FREE Tokyo / Japan images for you download for personal/commercial/editorial use
workshops for children in the schools, exhibitions and its publication photos of environmental educatioon, traditions and folklore
Experiencing and photographing Italy and other European countries in three months by visiting their amazing sites.
I want to go and create stunning panoramic views of the Galapagos islands and offer you unique wall art from that perspective.
I'm starting an adventure - I'm going to shoot all the major landmarks in each city around the UK, in 50 shades, photobook at finish.
50 States, 3 Places. Travel across the United States in an incredible collection of snapshots arranged state by state.
See the USA through my eyes as I photograph my way across the country! National parks, big cities, odd sites, and dogs will be featured
Traveling the world and helping various organizations along the way, while documenting the journey through photography.
Traveling/Photographing Canada & A Beer in Every Province.
From the Atlantic to the Pacific Ocean.
'Fly Me Away' is a photographic/travel project for a nineteen year old photographer to make it to the United States.
To honor the parents I love, I want to show them the infinite beauty of the world they never got the chance to experience.
Heading back to Colorado to rediscover happiness!
An unforgettable tribute to the timeless landscapes of Iceland composed of images displaying the power and majesty of a changing place.
We travel America - join us on our website for an interactive trip celebrating the sights and scenes of America!
I am a film and fashion producer who just turned 30. I have spent the last 8 years travelling on shoots with work. These are the photos
Urban wilderness is an exploration of the synergy between nature and the urban city of Montreal Canada.
AlexPrints is a Leeds based photographer and daydreamer who, through her doodle designs hopes to inspire people to travel the world!
3rd year photography student embarks on a collaborative journey of discovery with her father, 24 years after his death
Want to travel? Can't because of budget, time or effort? Worry not! We'll take you there!
