The Teddy Bear Book: A book of love, life, and wonder  to read every child to sleep & stay with them all their life.
A modern day Aesop's fables exploring age old values such as kindness, curiosity, and honesty in a simple, exciting, and memorable way.
The fable of the woodchuck encourages big dreams, time spent in nature, bravery, honesty, & confidence in oneself. Pre-K to early elem
The Scent Of Dreams is an enchanting illustrated book that redefines what it means to follow your dreams.
A book for children dealing with changes to their family - to give comfort and prompt discussion with parents.
Have you ever wondered what your pets do when you're not home? Come find out today and watch your new favorite cats play hide & seek!
"A colourful and wacky children's book that signifies the magical bond between parent and child. Get your copy now!"
A witty illustrated children’s book providing an introduction to conservative values & teaching the importance of voting!
See Jane fly. See Dick time travel! Castor introduces three exciting, diverse easy readers set in beautiful fantasy worlds.
Encouraging & uplifting read, based on Ieisha as a child growing up with asthma, as she learned how to control & dominate this disease.
What comes after Happily Ever After? A modern twist on classic princess tales that empowers the female spirit & is trusted by parents.
This is the story of a sweet girl named Abigail and the amazing adventures that she experiences with her angel friends Kiky & Woodi.
In this book kids learn about sharks and the oceans as they travel with Norman on his adventure through the Bahamas.
Twin coloring books with different levels of detailed illustrations and stories for adult and child. You no longer have to share yours!
A delightful story about friendship and perseverance that ends in the most surprising place of all.
A chaotic and colourful picture book for kids, telling the tale of one young man and a whole lot of uninvited guests! RIBBIT!
Hi, I am Felicia, a young author ready to publish my second book in the Stanley & Katrina series. My wish is to give it a great cover.
Ping Pong Panda: A bilingual children's book introducing Chinese language, culture, and space science through a fun adventure story.
The 1st in a series of 8 imagination focused children's books that will excite and entertain your little ones!  Come along with us!
This valuable series of books will help children discover that they are more special than they may have thought.
Petey the Purple Easter Chicken is a book, written by 6 year old Ashley Grant.  It is a story about bullying, and overcoming adversity.
Create the Spark of Imagination by letting the little ones open a chestful of wonders, 15 fantasy board books taking you on a journey..
A new bedtime story that gives a goodnight shout out to all things that make Lafayette such a unique place to live
Tippett is a Children's Picture Book about a girl a dog and a rock.
Ever wondered what happened at night when you fell asleep? Watch as this little strawberry adventures around the world .
Maggie and the Feather of Flight needs to get off the ground and soar to new heights! With YOU, she can land on shelves everywhere!
A teacher-authored story with unique illustrations featuring Torii, a curious and lovable golden retriever with an adventurous spirit.
The prequel to the popular children book series finds young Billy Cooper learning what it takes to become a "Hero 2 Others."
.  .   THE PERM an African-American girl perms her natural locks and the challenges she has to face.
We are Little Lamp and we gift children with personalized art and literature!
The numbers one through ten are rhymed with a variety of words with an individual story for each number.
Silly Billy Swim Trunks is a poignant Adventure about 9 Yr Old Charlie Robinson and spider friend Duddely. Who has an artificial leg.
The Tomgirlz discover the ultimate girl power; Be Yourself! The mission: empower girls, prevent bullying,  & provide fun reading
Sir Knighty and Friends is ready to launch four more childrens / kids picture ebooks dealing with bullies, honesty, and teamwork.
Our fourth, fifth, and sixth books are about ready to print (11 others ready for illustration). Get signed copies shipped to you (or other perks)
Kid's Animals & Exercise cards are designed for schools and  homes, around the world
Let your child star in a new idea in Custom Books and be seen in full color in the pages with the characters from Snow White.
A children's book designed to help them be comfortable in their own skin, and give them a positive body image.
This educational children's book promotes the importance  of healthy eating in a fun way to understand and enjoy.
A fully animated and voiced interactive book app about Moses in the Old Testament that matches the quality of mainstream titles
Know It All Nori is an engaging, educational, and entertaining children's book about a squirrel who loves to sing about everything!
A clever multilingual alphabet to make life easier for little linguists. It works in 6 languages!
All six Uncle books by J.P. Martin, illustrated by Quentin Blake, in one lavish edition with new introductions by Neil Gaiman and more.
The story of a young boy grieving the loss of his best friend and how a child's grief can help adults handle the emotions of mourning.
Chip buys potatoes, Chip loses potatoes, and has to ask help from his neighbors (who all have punny potato monikers) to find them.
"You're not my real mother!" A family handles these words with love, silliness, and a T Rex in this lively picture book.
We have all come from someplace. The Remembering Wall holds memories we treasure & the promise of those we have yet to make together.
An entertaining and educational picture book featuring silly animal scenarios. Great fun for readers of all ages!
A picture book that teaches children about human-wildlife conflict through the lens of a young banana farmer and a hungry elephant.
This offbeat children's picture book combats bullying by teaching children that what makes us weird makes us wonderful! #ichooseweird
Pete Penguin learns how to think positive to overcome his worry about his first bus ride and he makes a new friend.
*** WE HAVE A MAJOR UPDATE - PAPER TOYS! *** Help us publish children's picture book, "The Adventures of Tubby and Stretch".
This story is a whimsical way to get children (and adults) to think about the importance of friendship and love over material items.
A beautiful story of unlikely friends. My first childrens book. See how the Fox and the Jay come together :)
The Melangui, carrier of dark emotions, visits us all. An abstract exploration of how positive actions may make these visits easier.
Med din støtte kan vi udgive vores illustrerede børnebog ”Il Quattro Stagioni."
"The Adventures of Connor the Courageous Cutter" is a morality-based children's book series and the next big "thing" in kindertainment!
This is the story of a ferret overcoming a bully without resorting to violence, and finding a cunning way to show that he isn't afraid.
"Meet Polkadot," is an accessible story of a non-binary, transgender child navigating a gender restrictive world.
An illustrated introduction to the Dreamer - the creative, wild one who reminds adults and children to play & think outside of the box!
An interesting spin on a classic Christmas tale. When Santa encounters trouble over Australia, Oli the Great White shark saves the day!
A children's book(s), that employs technology to excite kids about exploring the world around them, to become urban explorers.
An officially licensed University of Kansas children's book (that adults will enjoy) by professional illustrator Greg Hardin
Pre-order White Squirrel Colorful World -- a full-color illustrated, 120 pg early chapter book. All funds go to printing and shipping!
Join Seth in this illustrated, bilingual (french/english) children's book about overcoming fears and making new friends.
This children's picture book tells the tale of a hard-working girl and a golden seed who bring unity to a divided garden.
Mermaids Tears are real, so Mermaids must be real too, but what about Pirate ships that appear in the mist? Read the legend...
From the author of the award-winning Jim Morgan series comes a new fantasy adventure. Preorder a copy and bring the Old Forest to life.
Keeping culture alive! Expand your global perspective with Dân Ta bilingual books!
Hey! I've written a children's chapter book tentatively titled "The Forest" and I need your help to get it published!
Hugs for Bugs is a cleverly written and illustrated, moral themed rhyming children's book, inspired by actual events. Join the journey!
We are creating a tale of adventure, friendship and fun to deliver your own personal message to a special child in your life!
A beautifully illustrated children's book about Sir Harry, a young knight, who saves the day by helping others.
An inspiring children's book about the love a rescue pup has to offer. Find out how one unlikely mutt found his perfect family!
MD and Finn: A children's book series geared towards making STEM education accessible for all young minds. #STEMforAll
Telling a Sensory Stories is unlike sharing a typical story. Told in person they engage, include, fascinate and delight everyone.
Do you lay out your game day clothes the night before a game? Do you dream of Oregon Football? Does The Duck bring you game day treats?
A Boy and his dog teach kids language and model service. Illustrated by a Cuban artist in the first collaboration of its kind!
Tuk Tuk the Auto goes to Hyderabad, the city of Nizams, Buddha and Biryanis. Made as an interactive app for your kids.
An illustrated children's book following a playful cat, Annie, and her reluctant playmate, Athena.
2 prepared kids, thru preparedness, resilience & trouble shooting avert disaster in the midst of a big storm in their homestead.
Two new books in the Math for Babies Series, by Fred Carlson (because it's never too early to learn advanced mathematics.)
New book series aimed at adventure-minded boys.
They're small, they're cute, they're naughty, they love socks and they live in your own home!
A little girl is not happy with the color of her skin and her mom uses their nightly story time to help her deal with her insecurities.
Join M.A.L.O. The Rover on his mission to Mars, and help teach kids about the search for life in our solar system!
With a unique take on children's books, broccolihead and carrottop spread the kindness, positivity, and silliness!!
I have gotten an order from one of the biggest bookstore chains in NZ for 300 books. I don't have enough book so I need to do a reprint
No Ordinary Ornament is the timeless Christmas story experienced in a refreshing and brilliant new way for a new generation of readers.
"The project designed by nature to inspire the backyard biologist in you...."
Volume 1 introduces us to Cleo, a five-year-old who uses super powers to foil the plans of three stock characters from our childhood.
Three Stories for Flannel Board:  A book for teachers, parents, and others who work with children. Includes stories and patterns.
Educating children on the virtues of Love, Joy, Peace, Patience, Kindness, Goodness, Faithfulness, Gentleness & Self-Control (Gal 5:22)
Help bring Jessamyn Prince's spooky, scary, and spine tingling picture book from concept art, through printing, to promotion.
The Line Leader is a children’s book that serves as a resource for parents and teachers to introduce leadership to young children.
Addressing bullying, compassion and winning gracefully! #stopbullying! Learn, Accept, Love and forgive!  #Dootie bird will fly!
A fantastic Halloween Adventure! How To Trick Or Treat In The Enchanted Forest Book II: The Cherry Gum Drop Gang! Fun & unique.
Pinko is sad and hungry because he has no friends and very little food around him. He decides to go on a search for friends and food!
When 4 yr old Jeremy is diagnosed with cancer he goes to Children's Hospital. This is his story, illustrated by him, to help other kids
It's a book written in four letter words to help teach there are other four letter words in the world other than the wrong ones.
A children's book about the bond between a little girl and the one constant in her life, her floppy Mr. Bear.
This story focuses on the importance of Childrens' everyday choices. It addresses the number 1 health threat to Children today.
A story written in 4 parts & illustrated by 4 artists about Zoe who learns that her family will love her no matter what she is.
MardiGras Chihuahua is a children's story about the annual pilgrimage Chihuahuas make to New Orleans to celebrate Mardi Gras.
First in a series of edutaining graphic novels for kids to learn about Digital Citizenship. Supported by an eLearning platform.
Bob the Blob is a children's story created to make the concept of evolution accessible to kids, while encouraging acceptance of others.
This is a children's book that will help tattooed parents explain their tattoos to their children. It’s suitable for all ages.
A childrens book of short stories that exercise critical thinking skills by demonstrating examples of common logical fallacies.
Jesus, God, Lord, Heaven, Joy, Peace, Love, Tranquility, Salvation, Happy, Education, Educational, All ages, Family, Children, book, Hi
The creation of a book, to help Rachel, equestrian realise her dreams of teaching children riding. Book creators time given free.
A mischievous bug named Flu loves to party but when he does he makes people sick. Officer Fever and the Med Squad have to save the day!
ADD & ADHD friendly format. Printed in dyslexic friendly font. And it's engaging, fun reading material!
Santa Claus from birth to first magical sleigh ride.  Book and companion CD.  All in rhyme; answers the questions children ask.
To publish a free kid’s e-book about dyslexia on Amazon and/or Apple. Supporters will receive a “Thank you…” with your name in the book
In childhood, children are often exposed to drugs but do not fully understand the effects that they can have on a person’s life.
A children's book that shows what happens when a little girl sends a Valentine to Santa.
Children's book for new Dad's! This adorable short story brings the reader through one of many sleepless nights with a humorous twist.
Meet Jodie and her friends. This children's illustrated book series shares some very important life lessons.
A  magical range of interactive, personalised Children's Books, that feature your precious child as the Hero of their own Story.
...About a 2nd grader who happens to have a teacher who understands that it’s the simple things in life that make life incredible.
This girl Emily went through seasons of Spring, Summer, Autumn and Winter and in each season, she learned a Christian value.
Herriot is an adventurous honey bee that visits London's great landmarks where she discovers fascinating facts and adventure.
Fairies meet Aliens!....Oops, the story turned into...two...that's fine...little Fey do what they do!...Art and Poetry...And Sparkles!
Minnytap is a virtual learning environment for preschoolers. Your child can learn any language using our app, art book and cue cards.
An adorable storybook animal who loves bouncing, making friends, and learning new and exciting things.
A Children’s Book on Disability
Changing the world one friend at a time!
This story is about a Homeless Black Kitty who is looking for a place to call home.
I am a student teacher and am interested in publishing some children's books. Currently working on a skip counting book for grades 2&3.
Children's Book leading to a full line of toys learning software cartoon clothing line
Dalton Learns To Dance my first book and I need to publish before truck driving kills me And help my dreams come true!
For anyone who's scared of what's under the bed... Making monsters friendly and relatable. Future cult-classic.
A sweet tale about Zoe who loses her baby teeth, then learns to enjoy healthy snacks while eagerly awaiting new teeth.
Weil unser Sohn mit Mobbing zu kämpfen hat, haben wir beschlossen ein Buch zu schreiben. Das möchten wir nun veröffentlichen.
I worked on this adventure manuscript for years. Then, surprisingly it won a contest award. Now it is time to release it to the world!
JD and Friends is a new children's book series created this year.   Help us create the second book in the series for children to enjoy!
An adventurous children's book about a family's visit to Africa. It explores the importance of cultural diversity.
A custom Pancake for each backer (limit 100) + PDF of The Pancake Menu, interactive kids book for hands-on math & play! Breakfast fun!
A perfect introductory resource for young children to illustrate the many diverse kinds of relationships that exist in our society.
A delightful book for children of all ages. Entertaining, enchanting, a true original! A powerful message with a surprise ending.
Sarah, the displaced hero, will empower your child to deal with hardships & will give displaced children hope and inspiration. GET&GIVE
My Incredible Talking Body: Learning to Be Calm is a children’s book written by a school counselor to teach strategies to calm down.
"You Wouldn't Like Me Without My Coffee" is a picture book about two brothers whose parents become monsters without their coffee.
(Mostly) Wordless My First Picture Book!
A nautical themed children's book that teaches word association, displays original creative art and ends with a positive message.
Economics is about more than money. Kids can learn about economics through stories without being exposed to the hard terminology.
Count Olympus is a children’s counting book which introduces young children to the ancient Greek gods who lived on Mount Olympus.
A story about craftiness, friendship, hard work and loyalty, in a world where food is everything and everywhere.
Do you think humans are the smartest species on earth? Schmitty The Weather Dog's story may just change your mind.
Rhoda's Ocean's is a beautiful children's book discovered in a hidden portfolio under an antique bed and was never published.
Buy one to donate another and inspire girls to follow their dreams!
A Hero’s Curse is a fun adventure story of a young blind girl who is propelled on a perilous journey to find her realm's missing king
Trying to fund the hardcover book release of my illustrated story Three. 114 full color pages of pure imagination!
Please Share is a cute book to help teach sharing to toddlers. It’s the first in a series of books about the Little Monstrions.
This illustrated children's picture book with music takes the scare out of a thunderstorm with a tale of eternal friendship.
A children’s book that combines beautiful illustrations and poetry to take the reader on a journey through the warm embrace of sleep.
￼A beautifully illustrated history of Presidential assassinations and attempts sure to entertain and educate children and adults.
I love writing songs for my two girls! I've created a charmingly illustrated bedtime story about dreams, friendship & love!
Every person has a magic book from childhood that showed them the world is beautiful and full of possibility. This is my book.
Blue Goes to Buffalo tells the story of Blue, a cheese who gets bullied and ultimately finds his place in Buffalo, New York!
A children's book about particle physics; The story of a graviton who wants to meet a photon, but she just can't seem to catch him.
This unique book - part story, part workbook - focuses on body image and self-love for those who need it most: our kids.
A young Icelandic sheep finds that not everything in the dark is scary. Night time can be beautiful, too.
An adoption book for kids who did not spend their earliest days with their forever families.
Sasha Tech Savvy Loves to Code is a children’s book written by a TEEN that inspires girls to pursue STEM activities in a fun way.
Op Children Books is a collection of interactive real-time animation board books that help children learn colors, shapes and vowels.
Bruno: The Bear Who Stayed awake is a children's book I will be publishing in September of 2017 it has 32 pages and will be hardbound.
Animals Eat Their Veggies Too! is a whimsical rhyming children's picture book aiming to make vegetables fun.
Fictional vampires teach facts about bats and encourage scientific curiosity in this fun picture book for all ages.
A children's book with a touch of technology. Living, NFC-enabled book about the Internet of Things (IoT).
We plan to create a 100-word children's pictorial dictionary in the endangered languages of the Chittagong Hill Tracts of Bangladesh.
The author of the transgender webcomic Assigned Male is back with a heartwarming story about identity, autonomy and body-positivity.
We are Self-Publishing our 1st Children's Book! The book is a great tool to help all children positively embrace their differences.
Go on an adventure with Diabetic Joey, Healthy Bob and Skinny Julie as they face issues in school and stick together to overcome them.
I wrote this story for my children and now have a publisher on board.  Up front costs and fees need to be covered.
Kit Coyote is a picture book that empowers foster children - help us get it into their hands and to those who serve them.
A children's picture book about the first Narwhal that teaches you, "Being one of a kind...doesn't mean you're alone."
The Helper Hare™ An Easter Tradition is a box set children's story of the magic behind Easter and The Helper Hares who make it happen.
An inspiring children's picture book based on true events that saved Brown Mountain: its flora and fauna in East Gippsland, Victoria.
Questioning his place in his human family, a large-hearted, courageous pup in a hat, ventures the unknown to find his canine family.
'Percy the Pigeon was greedy, he loved to eat and eat. His whole body was round and chubby, from his head right down to his feet.'
An imaginative retelling of the the origins of the Easter Bunny inspired by stories told to me when I was a child by my Uncle Bob.
Despite President Trump's travel ban: A cute Panda flies to L.A. and paints the town red. An entertaining travel guide for children.
A children's book following scenes from an eight-year old girl's life who  wishes she wasn't an only child.
This is a narrative book told by the main character, a Dog.  Illustrated and written by the author.  My goal is to publish this story.
This book is about a special girl, who has left our world and is now on a mysterious journey into the unknown to find enlightenment.
What happens when you're putting your child to bed and your imagination goes wild? Grab your Phaser and find out!
I'm ready to print my first children's book! Independent publishing can be expensive, but with a little help, we can make this happen!
A fun and educational adventure to discover God's amazing, but forgotten treasures. Where there is treasure, there must be pirates!
i am looking for some help to raise money so i can publish my book. have a great company that will publish me. cant afford to do it omo
Please help me to bring "Pop and Cocky" to life. They are two adventure loving rascals that I believe kids will love to read about.
A children's book Created by Reagan Marquise Elder; brought to life by Marquise L. Elder.
As a teacher, I've met so many amazing kids who aren't satisfied and long to be like someone else. I want to change the way kids think.
Help children learn to communicate with trusted adults about sensitive issues such as sexual abuse.
A children's book that tackles the unique perspective of a special needs pup as he navigates his world to learn more about himself.
I have poetically written a children's picture book based on our indigenous ancestors mythology with beautiful colorful illustrations.
I juni gir vi ut bok og plate med nordnorske barnesanger. Platen blir sluppet på Spotify og skal ikke gi inntekter. Bare gode stunder!
Turn the World with my kids, and then write a book with the advice for traveling with baby
"The Learning Buddies" is a Book Series for Children. Eight books in the first series that talk about issues children face today.
Activity book for children in grades 3-8. Focuses on African American Women Mathematicians. Word searches, crossword puzzles & more.
Our patent-pending book combines coloring, stickers, and storytelling to give children a new way to create their own tale.
Boo is a popular cat (in our household) with a fantastic personality! i'm creating a good old fashioned children's bedtime story book
Support our family bring a free children's library to Boca Raton. Lets teach our children the importance of literacy and creativity.
A self-published children's book about the stories and relationships behind one girl's journey to becoming a professional cook.
A great resource for parents to disciple their kids in the Gospel. More than a children's book, this is a tool to teach about Jesus.
Trying to publish version 2 of the cricket picture book 'Johnny Midwicket.'
We want to create a book that is written by and enjoyable for children.
Wee Beasties ABC's is a fun way for kids to learn the alphabet that's full of teeth, claws, and googly eyes!
Join the fantastic adventure of Dr. Professor Regina Shoup Cuddles, Esq. DDS, a well-educated rabbit, as she flops about San Francisco!
The Big Orange Fish is a beautiful, spiritually uplifting story, with the intention of inspiring many people from all walks of life.
A children's book about divorce. The story includes messages about divorce, parents, siblings, love and life after divorce.
A fun, whimsical book to stimulate your little ones' eyes and mind while having fun at the same time!
This sound board book will give nonverbal children a voice to communicate basic needs, in addition to teaching ASL signs.
This children's book: My Grandpa's Old Tractor, is about a kid that come's to his grandpa's farm for the first time.Really fun to read!
I want to become a self-published children's author who inspires children through story telling that involves real life lessons.
I want to write a children's book on mythical creatures
A kids book written by a kid, illustrated by her father. Join the silly, fun and random adventure as two bunnies learn to be ninjas.
We realized there were not many people telling the stories of the thousands of kids in foster care who lives never get fully lived.
I want to create a book series inc. a cute boy or girl stuffed doll that helps kids cope with tough life situations.
A short bedtime story I wrote and illustrated, inspired by my first love, her love and her good heart.
A counting children's book with colorful illustrations that follows little Neela's adventures while traveling in San Francisco.
A picture book series for kids 5+. Each book, set in a different city, inspires kids to discover the world. Will you travel with us?
Join the Zairs as they learn sometimes our differences are our greatest gifts.
More than a children's book, The Cookie Garden inspires families to cultivate imagination. Anything's possible. Even a cookie garden.
48 page picture/coloring book with glossary, teaching colors, shapes, patterns, while on a young girl's adventure to find new friends.
Whimsical wordplay, playful poetry, and mixed-media art - collaboratively brought to life through spirited songs!
A young boy is content with his bike until he sees others' bikes.  Discontent creeps in as he alters his bike to look like theirs.
Help me print and distribute my parody of a much loved Australian picture book: There's a Hipster on Our Roof Drinking Coffee.
Wish we had this Science ABC book set when we were little!  Help  spark a love of science and inspire future STEM innovators!
Learn how to surf & lessons you learn from surfing & ocean conservation, drawn by Animator who worked at Nickelodeon & Cartoon Network
A charmingly illustrated adventure that introduces readers to strange and silly creatures through delightful poems and witty wordplay.
A children's picture book about a bear who offers her song in exchange for some honey. A song of peace is carried all across the world.
Sage Stands Up is a vibrant, unique new children's book that addresses the ever-growing problem of bullying in our schools.
An interactive booklet designed to get kids excited about eating fruits and vegetables!
A Bear, a Margaret, a Forest, an ADVENTURE! Come experience their world on their first life journey.
Children’s book to ease separation anxiety. Realistic and silly scenarios, in rhyme, stoke imagination and offer reassurance.
Cuddle up before bed, and let your kids know that, "The world is waiting just for YOU, so let your TRUE SELF shine brightly through".
A witty, imaginative rhyming picture book about a boy who discovers a crate full of bubble gum and explores the various possibilities.
Follow Sarah Faire into the dark as she searches for her missing friend on a Halloween night long ago.
A spectacular story of adventure and important values for young children, featuring fantasy digital artwork.  Visit us on Facebook!
Everyday Adventures is the first in a series of books that will follow the King Kids and their racially diverse, adoptive family.
Meet J14 the Robot as he prepares for his 1st year of school! He struggles with fears about his medical condition, but overcomes them.
Book 2 of a Children's book series that has 3rd - 5th grade vocabulary but content appropriate for advanced readers from 1st grade up.
Forest Baby! A musical, interactive song book for babies and young children! A silly song that your baby will delight in hearing!
Postcards for Kids are educational postcards that come in the mail once per week.  Each postcard has a learning activity.
An abandoned dog, a lost egg, and the search for family. Two odd characters find love, family, and purpose in unexpected places.
This is a book series and we are attempting to obtain enough money for distribution and marketing.
Literacy Rates in the US are low.  I want to publish personalized children books to encourage reading at a young age.
Read a story. Plant a tree! While Anna works to restore nature in her story, each print copy of the book plants a tree in real life.
CFK returns with TWO new children's books! Shakes the Cow and the Bear From AUNT go racing in their latest adventures!
Når en drage drager ud er en rimbog om sultne zombier, bukseløse varulve, triste trolde og andre sjove og lidt uhyggelige monstre.
A hand-drawn story about a little girl who travels to magical places in her dreams. An inspired children's adventure story. Ages 2+
This is a book that not only will animate all imaginative powers, but will put a smile on the faces of both parents and children.
Together we can give every 21st century toddler a lifetime edge in stronger, smarter thinking and learning,
Monthly exciting & interactive adventure story that unfolds through fun and educational clues that help us save the world from S.N.O.T.
Help my daughter and I start her college fund through supporting her development and publishing of an uplifting children's book.
Every year, right before hibernation, all the bears in the forest gather for a rollicking game of BEAR HOCKEY!
The Princess Escape is a story created by an adorable 7 year old girl and illustrated by her father.
This is a unique, engaging children's story about real backyard chickens and some of the silly antics they're famous for.
Inspiring Children of All Ages to have Mindful and Magical Experiences in Nature and to Appreciate and Love Classical Music.
Adventures of Otitis is a children's book about discovering how your disability makes you special and unique.
Real MVP Kids' innovative book series makes it easier for children to grow up well regardless of background, ethnicity or special needs
I have writen my first book which is designed to help children build their self esteem while learning the true meaning of love.
A book to help us all sleep better. Atticus gets to know the monsters he hears in the dark & finds understanding feels better than fear
Andy & Jasper have been best friends forever. The books are a series about the boys that will be used for bibliotherapy with children.
Where’s Funky Monkey is a fun educational search and find children’s book that inspires adventure, exploration and travel.
KIDS COOKBOOK with simple and healthy recipes for parents & kids team. My goal is to teach kids  a super fun experience for a lifetime.
Therapeutic Poems for Kids with Bipolar, Anxiety, Psychosis and Depression. For some kids, the monster under the bed is real....
In our first ever children's book: Dobbie, Lilly and Lawrence find an app that lets them travel to anywhere or any time!
The Sorry Tale of Fox and Bear is the launch title of Dirt Lane Press and the start of a venture into heartfelt fiction for children.
Literary Treasure for Children of the Sun That Aims to Support Kiddie Imagination and their Visions of the World.
This is a fun little picture book, guiding young children towards thinking of their faith.
This story is about a girl, Charlotte; who lives in a grey world where everything is the same until she discovers something.
"I Have Good Hair", is a book; 1st reader which will help girls develop a positive self-image through appreciation of their hair.
We wrote a children's book and are ready to get it published!!! Watch the video to see how we did it and how you can help!
Empowering, celebratory LGBTQ2S-themed kids' picture books for 4-8 year olds, delivered right to your home or school every other month.
L. Frank Baum's original text colorfully illustrated and published in a hardcover edition.
An alphabet book for girls and boys in the glorious Victorian Era that could have been.
A picture book adaptation of the classical On The Origin Of Species. Great for children and grownups!
Think of Fatherhood's potential... & let's make it real! A children's book that celebrates engaged fathers and the boys they once were.
JSON and WiFi are two robot brothers, who want to be nerdy just like their mother. A board book and animated eBook teaching binary.
A children's book series about dogs with jobs from Laura Numeroff, the acclaimed author of If You Give a Mouse a Cookie.
Turn kids into smart cookies: Cookie business book & workbook teach critical thinking, character & curiosity. YOU get cookie rewards.
Join Shay & Ivy in discovering what it is like to be more than just princesses by going beyond the kingdom.
It's a book. It's a tradition. It's a new Christmas Classic. ~~~ Bring Mr. Dog home this Christmas!
“Grandmother Fish” teaches preschoolers to love the idea that we are descended from animals. Can you wiggle like a fish?
Oskar the Blind Cat & Klaus are now in a book! Now, AUDIOBOOK INCLUDED for those backing at $25 and up!
A scrumptious children's book about Peanut Butter and Jelly's sticky negotiation for top billing in the name of their sandwich.
Little Ellie discovers that despite being small she can use her imagination and persistence to learn something new.
A Snicketesque girl-power adventure featuring Ada Lovelace and Mary Shelley at 11 and 14 in 1826 London, for ages 8-12
A high-quality board book featuring gorgeous Lovecraft-themed illustrations for every letter of the alphabet.
Bring Stories to Life for your Kids! Adventure Kits that feature chapter books, games, puzzles, activities & a little magic from you!
A new format for children's book publishing that combines the magic of a great story with the wonder of receiving real letters by mail.
A beautiful handcrafted book your little artist will love as they discover colors, textures and making something with their own hands.
Beautifully illustrated children's books which break social norms.
Father and son and 12 artists from around the world create a humbly beautiful book. Children's book? Comic book? Timeless classic? Yes!
A modern picture book about where babies come that it fits for every kind of family and every kind of kid.
Action adventure story about a kid detective who uses science to build STEM (STEAM) spy gadgets & solve crimes.You can too!
A Lovecraft-inspired Cthulhu ABC book for people of all ages.
Discover the magical water city of Venice, guided by two adorable rabbits. This hardback travel book is for children and adults alike.
The Steampunk Panda adventure you've been waiting for. A new 100 page beautifully illustrated novel by Patrick Scullin.
A children's picture book illustrated with a combination of puppets, hand-stitching and fabrics – the story of Mr Coconut.
A unique illustrated fun book for kids, conceived of by a kid, that fosters imagination, smiles, and creativity. Oh, and DINOSAURS!
A girl and a hound are bound at the heart by a spell. The Hound's Heart is a beautifully illustrated, traditional fairytale.
The idea of this project is to publish 2 bilingual Ukrainian-English picturebooks to facilitate global awareness and aesthetic response
A picture-book about enjoying the little things in life that most times are often overlooked.
A whimsical children's book featuring classic RPG monsters like a dragon, owlbear, and cyclops doing various bedtime activities.
The Nitch is a 62 pg. illustrated "tail", and we need your help to finish the hand-binding... did I mention the buried treasure?
Albert is confused...so he goes on a quest to figure out what kind of animal he is with help from his underwater friends.
A children's book series about a little boy with a magical watch, who inspires kids to have good character through exciting adventures!
A one of a kind children's book series about a tough and lovable
little girl who loves to play sports. Ages 4-9.
A new kind of interactive publication that encourages girls to be girls; independent, strong, smart, and proud of who they are.
A colorful way to enhance vocabulary development, learn about the United States, and also inspire travel  in your little ones.
11-year-old Melissa will write and publish a chapter book with her sister about a girl with muscular dystrophy who loves to sing.
I Am Squarehead is a story for any child who's ever felt like a misfit. There's a hairy monster and it all works out in the end!
Arfabet is an alphabet book for dog lovers and foodies, giving a handmade insight to the 26 letters we all know and love.
Robyn yearns for red-hot crucibles full of molten bronze & the roaring fires of the foundry. But is she really ready for The Casting?
A children's book by Chris Burkard about finding joy in the journey and enjoying the great outdoors.
GALUNKER!  Epic! Heroic! Ridiculous. (A children's picture book about a gloriously silly pit bull.)
A fantasy novel published in paperback and digital editions, including an ebook illustrated by young reader artists.
In this beautiful children's book, an old woman comforts her grieving grandson by telling him the tale of the "Fiddler in the Darkness"
A children’s picture book about a young girl who finds herself in a magical undersea town filled with enchanted creatures.
There are tiny people living right here in our big world. And here's our book to prove it.
ZigZag City Guides are travel guides for kids (ages 5 and up) designed to help children engage with their surroundings.
An exquisite, magical picture book starring Norbert and Lil BUB...with a grand purpose and a surprise ending!
An illustrated explorer's map of Paris, designed especially for children (tell your parents to get their own!)
A kids' book showing the fun and environmental benefits of the cycling lifestyle through the eyes of two dogs and their animal buddies.
This book introduces you to the famous artist, Claude Monet. Let's make friends and art together!
Children's books and posters exploring the intriguing names of animal groups through colorful illustration and typography.
A hand-drawn and hand-lettered children's book, shipped anywhere in time for Christmas!  (Ooo, and we've got mini hats!)
A children's book based on the beloved Jonathan Coulton song. Written by Greg Pak with art by Takeshi Miyazawa.
The story of a little alligator named Dozi, beautifully illustrated by Italian artist Nicola Sammarco.
fund the second collection of the internet comic "pictures for sad children" the book will be titled "sad pictures for children"
Follow Penelope Pie and her friends on their many adventures, and learn more about the basic concepts of data visualization.
The first novel length Harmony Boom Island tale. A rousing adventure on a boat in the tradition of Treasure Island or maybe Godzilla.
To launch lives of joyful reading: a chapter book about pirates, quirky people, and kids searching for a legendary treasure.
Read a story to someone you love, from wherever you are in the world. Create personally narrated ebooks to treasure forever.
An attempt at the perfect bedtime story, with illustrations by Scottish artist Brian Taylor.
The story of two heroes: A US Marine recovers from Post Traumatic Stress Disorder through relationship with a black labrador puppy.
A 40 page picture book for the very young, about shapes, colours, sizes and a little crow's journey to self-discovery.
We're printing a 24-page Golden Book! The book is about Tigerbuttah, a little tiger who doesn't know much about the world. It is 100% hand-painted!
This is a book I wrote and illustrated for my nephew about 6 years ago, and would like to publish it for the 4 nieces I have since then
The sequel to The Monster Alphabet, teaching kids to count through the power of monsters. With art by Obsidian Abnormal.
An illustrated rhyming book about tiny dragons! Share with kids or keep for yourself! Now with added coloring book!
A chapter book for kids 5+ and their parents that celebrates children for who they are meant to be, not how people want to label them.
A children's book based on the adventures of Valerie Parisius who is coloring the world one country at a time.
An illustrated novel about a group of aliens who come to planet Earth seeking warmth – along the way a great adventure ensues.
How Do You Dream? is a bilingual storybook for kids ages 5-8 that shows how cool it is to speak multiple languages.
A beautifully illustrated whale rescue tale to help our beloved young ones love, respect and assist the nature around us.
A children's fable certified by Guinness World Records as the smallest book ever – reproduced in a colorful large print edition.
My first book won the 2013 Mom's Choice Award Gold Medal for Bedtime Stories and now...I am at it again with TWO more books!
The story of a little lost "a" searching for its typeface. It meets many other typefaces before finally finding its home.
A hapless children's picture book about a lighthouse keeper who, well, just isn't very good at his job, or is he?
A children's book about a gnome named Glippy who embarks on a grand quest to rescue his friend.
Augie and the Green Knight is an adventure story about a scientifically precocious young girl in a world of fantasy.
An interactive scratch-n-sniff guide through NYC; from bagels to garbage.  Venture into 19 neighborhoods & encounter 20 smells!
A sensitively and honestly told children's story of the incredible migration and life history of this iconic and threatened fish.
What is your one true wish?
The story follows 3 different people on a journey to overcome their fears in order to reach their dream.
A dragon shows up at Ada's door, starting an adventure of magic and coding.  A pre-teen fantasy novel featuring a female programmer.
A fun book to help us learn our American presidents.
A book that celebrates old and new ways of making. For kids from 1 to 100.
A book about beginnings, endings, and everything in between – for the kid in all of us.
A children's book about a hermit crab and a sea anemone who fall in love on the ocean floor, and help each other survive symbiotically.
A children's book about a girl who wants a pony, but instead her dad gets her a chicken. From here an unlikely friendship develops.
Join Maggie, a little girl with a big imagination, on a surprising adventure in this fun, imaginative children's book.
Great stories for K-4th grade that also feature gender-independent and trans-identified kids.
My dog Halley has been on incredible adventures across the country. This book captures these trips in an educational book for children.
"Today We Fly" is an illustrated children's book themed on overcoming obstacles and learning to spread your wings and fly!
A children's book that starts in English and ends in a different language to help kids learn in the most enjoyable way possible.
Flying dogs, floating tigers, and elephants on stilts. Visit the most amazing show on earth, for little children and their parents too!
It's a scientific fact that robots are awesome. This is the story of one who discovers what he's made of and what he's made for.
A children's book about a big dog moving to the "big city," made to  help kids (and adults) deal with giant-sized changes.
Un niño de padres divorciados y un dinosaurio imaginario que no lo deja convivir con su padre.
Illustrated children's book full of quirky guests and magical mishaps.  Running an Inn at the Edge of the World is anything but boring!
A middle-grade novel containing an invisible island, a pernicious poison, and a dozen man-sized cages that hide far more than secrets.
A wonderful children's book with beautiful illustrations and an amazing secret: every page animates and comes to life.
A charming, calming bedtime storybook that creates a spellbinding, smartphone-powered shadow & light show. Handmade in Somerset England
Chalky and the new sports car is a real story about a real cat, brought to life with beautiful illustration and handcrafted typography.
A captivating book that teaches children about animals in the Arabian Peninsula.
Samantha Spins a Web.  It's a book about spiders, but more importantly it's about accepting and appreciating differences.
Hare is (and will be) an illustrated picture book - it is a story about taking a closer look at this extraordinary and rare creature.
My Name Is Stardust was inspired by what Neil DeGrasse Tyson called “the most astounding fact”- that we are literally made of stardust.
A uniquely fresh, fun and realistic children's book focused on attitude. For pragmatic parents to teach their aspiring children!
Different Is Awesome! shows children that being different isn't something to fear, but is actually what makes us awesome!
A simple, beautifully illustrated children’s story tackling the impossible topic of death.
An illustrated, rhyming adaptation of H.P. Lovecraft's "The Dunwich Horror" by the creators of Littlest Lovecraft: The Call of Cthulhu!
Help self-publish Agatha Hattie, a gothic children's fairytale.
A NEW 44-page storybook filled with joy, daring, and acrobatic fleas -- including a 12-song CD for the whole family!
Spread awareness about children who have special needs in your community with these books. Help create an inclusive future generation!
The sometimes whimsical, sometimes arduous journey of a little girl who accidentally gets carried off by a cloud.
ERF is a children's book about four friends at the dawn of time and their adventures in the primordial world.
"A Road Trip" is a long, lavish, fold-out picture book, sized so a child can drive a toy car through it.
A story of a girl that marches to the beat of her own imagination.
A bi-lingual story about a young boy, his first hair cut, and the trust built between a father and son.
For her science fair experiment, a sixth grader named Kathryn announces she will dedicate her life toward creating time travel.
Create an iBook edition of our children's book featuring awesome celebrity readers + fund the sequel!
This is the second independently-published children's picture book by author/illustrator Robb N. Johnston! Let's get it printed!!
Precocious child meets terrifying dragon; will she be eaten or will they eat dumplings?
"Fox in the Snow" is my first illustrated children's book! I am planning a book launch, but I need your help to do it!
Corgi Tales will be a series of Children's books about the adventures of our Corgi Harley!  Help publish the first 3!
An illustrated fairy tale about seeing what lies within.
A cute children's book all about Picasso and creativity!
We want to publish an illustrated picture-book version of the text for the beloved choral masterpiece "Sleep"-wouldn't that be awesome?
Get your wackiest dance shoes on. It's time to sing along with the funniest fisherman on the wharf.
Matilda meets X-Files. Hazel is about growing up, solving mysteries & fighting monsters. Passing the Bechdel test with flying colors.
"As Long as the Sky is Blue" elegantly captures the loving relationship between a father and son.
This will be your child's next favorite book! Beautiful illustrations and fun poetry introduces 36 healthy foods to eaters of all ages.
Children’s books about Chemistry! Like textbooks, but way more fun for kids. Highly educational, highly memorable - and funny, too!
Spaghetti Sam is a beautifully illustrated children's book about a boy stuck on one food.
A picture book for kids drawn in permanent marker. Help bring the adventure to life in glorious black and white!
An illustrated book of children's poetry with over 150 pages of ghouls, goblins, ghosts and giggles!
Illustrated love story told in verse about the importance of looking beyond someone's (poorly dressed) exterior and into their heart.
Beto doesn't want to wake up from his extraordinary dreams, but something tells him it will be worth it. Help us publish Beto's story!
Uh-oh, dinosaurs with muddy feet don't get lunches! And this dinosaur is hungry! A fun story with a subtle message of resilience. 4 yr+
In this vividly illustrated children's book, a bored pug teaches his busy owner a thing or two about what's really important.
Please help support the first of many books that my wife and I will be writing and illustrating for your enjoyment!
This will be a complete artistic overhaul of the popular Lovecraftian children's book.
Some of Shakespeare's most beloved words illustrated to create a baby- and parent-friendly bedtime story. A board book for ages 0-3.
A vibrantly colorful book and unique reversible hand puppet make affectionate play between parent and child lots of fun!
This humorous, stylish, and (hopefully) hopeful illustrated book, written for those who want to change the world, and their parents.
What do avant-garde writers have to say to children? Kindergarde: Avant-garde Poems, Plays, Stories, and Songs finds out!
An ABC book where A is not only for apple. Children already know about apples so there are none in this book.
Falcons in the City is a picture book about Frida the peregrine falcon who   lives on the Fremont Bridge in Portland, Oregon.
Carl's Odyssey is a series of children's books about a little bulb of garlic who's lost in the grocery store and has to get back home.
Did you know animal eyes come in all shapes, sizes, and colors? Read this picture book to your kids and explore the uniqueness of eyes.
"Curly Bracket - The Hidden Code" is a graphic novel that teaches kids how to think like a programmer.
An illustrated retelling of Andersen's classic fairy tale.
A bedtime picture book about our dreams, and how we are connected to the other inhabitants of our world.
Being a Little Evil Genius is hard sometimes and obstacles are not in short supply, but with enough determination anything is possible.
Join Tessa in this whimsical, pattern-laden children's picture book about tessellations and the magic of the backyard.
An illustrated children's book about solitude and self-reflection, but also about community and finding one's place in the world.
Sally is going places, The Farm, The Mountains and in her New York Times bestseller, The Beach. Now Sally wants to visit New York.
The Boy in the Castle is an illustrated, all-ages fairy tale about love and depression, full of rich details and lyrical language.
Dave is a monster from far far away. He is a monster that wants to show us the importance of Chickens.
A visual retelling of "The Spider and the Fly" with a bit of Hansel and Gretel thrown in.
A high-quality children's board book about a little monster named GAWS who  learns to always listen to Mummy.
A collaborative full color illustrated children's book style adaptation of H. P. Lovecraft's The Call of Cthulhu.
This playful intro to mindfulness has the potential to change the world through our children. "IS" is a journal, a workbook, a friend.
New illustrations for The Wind in the Willows, with flavours of the modern age: makers, artisans, steampunks, hipsters. It's all here!
A Bilingual EBook Version of a Classic Chinese Story with Audio in English and Chinese
Oliver has an adventure through his neighborhood to find out what is inside of him & gathers objects that represent what he is made of.
Reinvent stories and learning for kids with Polk Street Press, NYTimes bestselling author Deborah Underwood, and artist Luciana Powell.
The most beloved fairytale classics of all time don't have ANY Dinosaurs, Robots, Zombies, or Space Aliens in them.

We fixed that.
ICBA is simple book sending a simple message: be what YOU want! We [your loved ones] will always be right behind you!
A children's story book that will empower girls to love their curls!
Elephabet is a book and stop-action animation that celebrates the alphabet. Wouldn't it be cool to also have it as an e-book or poster?
Neapol Goes to Ice School is a children’s picture book about difference and acceptance.
Adventure storybook about an orphan sucked into an exciting world of Wicked Mystery, Magic and Mythical Creatures.
When Miriam and her cat Eversees meet the Magic Tree, they learn it's easy to be happy when you choose to see the love all around you.
A storybook about a little girl, a lost scarf and very scary snowman, told with original oiling paintings and hand lettering.
Based on the one-of-a-kind plush giraffes designed by Katie Rains, "The Giraffe's Mustache?" is a children's storybook you can color.
A children's book that reinvents fairy tales, inspiring girls with the stories of 100 great women from Elizabeth I to Serena Williams.
Once upon a time, in a land far away, there lived three goats, and their names were Gruff.
I will give my children's book to schools and organizations that support abused children.  Fun introduction to Shakespeare!
**Five magical ancient Jewish tales about compassion, determination, creativity & staying true to oneself.**
Saturday is the story of a dark, creative little girl named India, a frustrating week, and the wild ride back to (almost) normal.
An engaging, educational magazine for kids aged 6-11.  Issue One - The Amazon Rainforest.  In the little hands of big nature lovers.
Tu Publishing will publish fantasy and science fiction for children and young adults, emphasizing multicultural characters and settings.
Let's ignite curiosity for great books and beautiful language with this wondrous (and funny) children's series!
Pictivities is new series of children's activity books, designed to generate super fun interaction between reader & child.
Children's books that inspire curiosity with true stories of women scientists and also teach basics of Biology, Chemistry and Physics
Our award-winning series of racially-diverse children's books celebrating LGBT2Q kids and families is back with a Celebrations theme!
Written by a 4 yr old & drawn by her 30 yr old dad. Help us share this book with you, your family and kids at hospitals and libraries!
Diverse books for diverse children
Bring typography to life for your young child.
A 50 page book of crazy, cute, creepy creatures with clever, wacky, poems about them by Jessica Feinberg and Alese Lea Taylor.
We are raising funds to print our first self published kids book. Every little bit helps get us closer to our goal and inspiring children to read.
Nellybug: The True Story of the Tooth Fairy is an exciting new twist on fairy legend by Nathan Stout, illustrated by Justin Gerard.
This beautifully illustrated complex pop-up book will make you laugh while promoting good habits and personal responsibility.
A children's book that deals with the insecurities of animals and ourselves.
The Mines of Light is an illustrated book trilogy written by Arif Shah and illustrated by Oscar Chichoni.
Join Laura and Betsy in launching Wandeling Press, a collaborative, women's publishing house, by bringing this lively story to print.
Bright collages and rhyming couplets take readers on an adventure in each month of the year.
The Little Red Racing Car is a picture book story of a 1955 Maserati 300S discovered in a barn by a son and rebuilt with his father.
A picture book for weird kids who like to eat with their hands, think with their brains, and stare at spoons.
Van digitaal naar papier: een prentenboek van Noa. Tovervijver is een fantasierijk voorleesverhaal voor kinderen van 2-6 jaar.
A lovable children's book based on the time traveling, new and ancient world exploring, skateboarding adventures of Sissel and Boone.
Bible Basics is a counting board book designed to introduce babies and toddlers to the basics of the Christian faith.
All of the sloths in Abagullias have three toes, except Ana. She is the no-toed sloth and this is her story. Children's book by Nico
A modern fairy tale about the power of pure love to overcome the ordinary and grow us into our extraordinary selves.
If a scruffy stranger came knocking your door, would you let him in - for only one night's sleep?
Help fund this fantastic children's book with award-winning Beatles illustrator Alan Aldridge
Elephabet will be a book for kids, big kids, and even bigger kids, giving a handmade insight into the alphabet we all know and love.
A diverse children's book inspires kids to unapologetically be who they are & freely explore the big world beyond their surroundings.
A unique handmade picture book for kids & art lovers about a nervous monster who finds his courage with the help of a brave little girl
Stand Up is a picture book that tells the story of Xavier, a 3rd grader at Parker Elementary.
I wrote The Monster Alphabet for my son. I'm printing it as a board book, so I can teach him that B is for Basilisk.
Picture book that offers a uniquely uplifting perspective on loss.
It's a book all about bears, bees and being yourself
An A-Z of the unusual and unloved. An alternative animal picture book for young children. Science and illustration combined.
A ghoulish tale of a young zombie outcast living in an average world...
finally discovering that its cool to be weird and different!
Self-publishing DAVIE's first children's book, WILD ONE!
A uniquely illustrated children's book about gardening, cooking, and forgiveness with accompanying organic plush!
Hello Ruby is a children’s book that teaches programming fundamentals through stories and kid-friendly activities.
A self-published (print and digital) novella companion to my second book, THE BROKEN LANDS. Both will be released in September.
A multimedia Mandarin teaching series for teens about a Chinese-American girl on an epic journey to uncover her true identity.
Two lovable aliens come to life and set off on an amazing adventure. They learn it takes courage, trust and friendship to return home.
An animation-inspired children's book of animals, full of funny characters, humorous poems and  engaging and educating puzzles...
The marvelous tale of the mumbling scarecrow.
A book and resource to assist children & adults alike with communication difficulties.
You know what happens when you tie on a cape, right?

You can do anything.
A book of sharing Early Childhood Experiences for both the child and the MOM-
Follow Roscoe and his band of barnstorming buddies on their high flying adventures!
Mr. Cool is about finding your inner cool, no matter what other people say! Everyone is rad in their own special way & that's cool!
Welcome to Imagine You Are, this is an inspiring children's book written by my mother, Roxanne Arena.
How a robot living in a human world navigates being different. Through testing and trial he finds his unique place in the world!
A bold little girl takes the monster under her bed to school and teaches him manners. || 11x11inch hardback w/ slipcase. Ages 4+
An A-Z menagerie of Shakespearean proportions!
Zonk joins the “biggest” birthday party in the world in this humorous and lushly illlustrated book.
Little One, is a story of a day in the life of a wee mouse that lives with a family on a country homestead in the warmth of Hawaii.
BILL the FISH (CHILDREN'S BOOK ) A book about a fish who is happy within his own scales.
Author/Illustrator, Matt Arters is currently looking for funding for his series of children's books!
Fire Island is a kids paradise!  In my first picture book, you and your children can spend a day of fun on this carefree island.
Posthumously publishing our mom's children's book about disability: about a princess who can see past first appearances
Can doing the wrong thing ever be the right choice? Coconut has a tough decision to make, and his father's life is at stake.
Mia is an  8 year old little girl who loves to read and write. She wrote this book a year ago hoping to have it published.
The "Why Play Series" is a series of 21 books focused on helping musicias choose the RIGHT instruments for their personality.
What is Giraffe to do when he finds himself ill-dressed for the most important party of the year? Find out in this new children's book!
Maya is the Queen of SNIFF who leads her princes throughout the city with her sweet Sniffer! It's the 1st in our 5 book sense series :)
Pour faire publier mon livre pour enfants, je recherche des fonds pour faire imprimer plusieurs maquettes pour des maisons d'éditions.
RNELT Makes a Friend: A book written and illustrated by a class of "Little Monsters." (5-8 years old) Help them finish their book!!!!!!
A collection of six short stories filled with color and imagination that will surely make you smile!
A Limited Edition "P is for President" Coloring and Activity Book Based on the Hit Picture Book "The A to Z Guide to Jobs for Girls."
Readers of all ages can visit the Great Garden where troubles are eased when placed on the branches of the Worry Tree.
Experience pop-up books in a new and unique way, experience the thrill and excitingness of The Alley.
An illuminated Journey through the Alphabet
Turning the poems from my collection of illustrated children's poetry into an audio book with the help of one terrific young lady.
A magically illustrated book with a world that is full of possibility.  Curious Lilith reaches the moon with help from friends.
Zak's Safari is a professionally illustrated children's book about donor-conceived kids of lesbian families. We need more LGBT books!
Do you love to connect with and empower children? Katie-Jane picture books nurture self-acceptance, understanding and belief.
A whimsical adventure that unexpectedly inspires parents. A professionally illustrated book, especially for adoptive & foster families.
An whimsical fairy tale, told in the tradition of nursery rhymes. Filled with laughter, magic, and a desperate need to cure the hiccups
A handmade children's book, designed to please the eye, heart and mind in a one-of-a-kind international cooperation.
Catabet is an alphabet book for cat, clothing, and word lovers, giving a handmade insight to the 26 letters we all know and love.
A pack of 50 watercolored portraits of brave women with stories and quotes from the women on the back of each card.
An A-to-Z picture book that introduces kids (and adults) to code terms from HTML & more with memorable rhymes and quirky creatures.
We're making a coloring book to kindle happy vacation memories and celebrate the people and places that make Chincoteague awesome.
An epic comic in rhyme full of humor, adventure, and life lessons by John Taylor Gatto and award-winning illustrator, Anne Gilbert.
Adventure novel for children of all ages that champions diversity, self-reliance, preparedness, and eating your vegetables.
Fun monthly crate subscription that introduces 5-10 year old girls to  careers and women role models in STEM and leadership fields!
Teach your child life's most magical lesson - how to be lucky - with this rhyming kids book containing the secrets of luck.
Introducing children to technology in a fun, educational way! Reading begins with story time - so should technology literacy.
Interactive children's book + your very own fairy door 
= year round family fun!!!

Donate a book to a children's hospital = very cool
A richly illustrated children's book encouraging kids to be happy with who they are by discovering their gifts in the present moment.
Empowering children's book about three brave Super Tubies who use their feeding tubes to gain super powers and heroically save the day!
An illustrated collection of short horror stories & poems for kids, young adults, and those who miss being creeped out.
Cary Gray has drawn an entire children's book with his feet.  Luno! empowers kids to get out & be sustainably adventurous!
"Are there intelligent civilizations in this universe other than ours?" One day I had a conversation with Vlad, and this is our story.
A children's picture book about an unwanted horse connecting with a hurting child, discovering acceptance and joy.
ASTROCATS! Oskar & Klaus are boldly going where no cat has gone before! Help launch their book through the stratosphere!
One Orphan Lamb's true journey from recovery to a celebration with friends. A beautiful photo illustrated children's book for all ages.
Help me print this large illustrated book, exploring the magical hidden places in our towns and cities. For children and big kids also.
Join Raisa and friends as they travel to an international destination, meet an artisan, and learn to appreciate craftsmanship.
A children's alphabet book about disgusting things from "Princess Who Saved Herself" creators Greg Pak and Takeshi Miyazawa.
A children's book that's a modern twist on the classic tale; promoting sustainability, creativity and self-reliance.
An exciting, funny, and refreshingly different children's book written by a real tallship captain, and a master storyteller.
Your favorite giraffestronaut and robot are back, and this time they're forming a rescue party to search for a missing Mars rover.
Based on a true story, a captivating graphic novel about a Kansas kid who achieves his dream to play basketball for the Jayhawks!
It's storytime in snack size: a growing collection of fun, original, 60-second children's stories, optimized to be shared on your phone
A personalized selection of books & extra surprises delivered monthly. Read as a family, inspire new readers, and expand imaginations!
A Unique ABC book filled with beautiful illustrations, interesting animals and fun facts!
A children's picture book inspired by dogs, friendship, and the idea that no shortcoming is without its strength.
An Illustrated Collection of Children's Poems & Stories - featuring 200 pages of ghoulish treats for the young & young at heart!
Who pushed Humpty Dumpty? Find out in this Dragnet-inspired police procedural that will entertain children and adults alike.
A super fun, engaging children's space adventure with real Hubble photography and lots of heart, is ready to print!
The Day I Wore Spaghetti To School: the story of Izzy using imagination and creativity to come up with a unique solution for school!
This children's picture book follows a bison named Charley and his sprite friends through the seasons in Yellowstone National Park.
A playful rhyming book starring superheroes, princesses, doctors and pirates.  All of which have to go to sleep! #sleepysuperhero
An award-winning storyteller, a wonderful artist, and a very naughty dog.
Meet the Kind Knight. He is brave. He is nice. 
And even when it's not easy, he always does what is right!
A Kickstarter Staff Pick!
Evolutionary Tales is a children's book that teaches evolution through 10 poems focusing on the wildest-evolved creatures of our world!
Little One is the story of a mother's joy and love as she anticipates her son's arrival.
An interactive children's book that pushes creativity and makes story time magical with an accompanying app and stickers.
A  wordless picture book about a young girl who befriends three extraterrestrials and helps them return to their home.
A beautiful limited edition picturebook for children of all ages with dog detectives Scott & West in a comic adventure tail, er, tale !
The tale of a turtle's quest to celebrate the best birthday day ever! Written for kids and those who read to them.
A silly dinosaur picture book, with funny facts, outrageous opinions, and awesome illustrations! Ages 6+, 60 pages, full color
Two foxes- Queenie and Dawnsing- collect flowers in a rainbow watercolor meadow that young readers will find engaging.
Enriched with MINDFULNESS, this stunning bedtime story will send Kids to sleep quicker and happier than ever before!
Wild Rumpus Press will launch beautiful new stories out into the world starting with the spellbinding book 'Two Parts Mischief'.
Discover the imagination of a child with this adorable book accompanied by the most amazing illustrations.
An illustrated guide to international onomatopoeia, compiling the sounds of eating, sneezing, clapping and many more into a fun book
A young wizard-in-training is frustrated by his lack of power and goes on an adventure to find a magic hat. Will it work?
A fun design education book to teach kids design and 21st Century Learning, while thinking critically and exploring creative ideas!
A children's picture book where healthy eating is part of the story.
Help us build a basic application to give children access to the 'Feel Brave' characters and their stories and poems.
Hugo the Huguenot is a children's book about the journey of the Huguenots starting in France and ending in their home in New Paltz, NY.
A children's book about a robots search for love and happiness.
Get up & get out with GeoExplorer Kid Holly Wild! She & the GeEKs lead a backyard ABC adventure in this intro to the Holly Wild series.
Self-illustrated children's picture book about a bird and a scientist who find that the sun has mysteriously disappeared.
A Flamboyance of Flamingos is the quirky first children's book written and illustrated by Sophie Stone. Fantastical yet factual fun!
An adorably illustrated children's ABC board book featuring career options for girls such as Astronaut, Firefighter, and Quarterback!
An allegorical tale that illustrates big ideas to small children. Join Lester the Marmot's search for Alice in the land of Westfalia.
"The Real Story of Ruth the Tooth" is an adventurous children's book that is a special kind of 3D and comes with a read along record.
Help us get By Your Side Books off the ground so we can publish our first of many children's books - "Happy, too" coming out early 2015
An illustrated children's book about growing up, standing out, and a boy with a very distinctive mustache
Support an empowering book for little girls, ages 2-9, where the classic princesses find love AND invent, build and create!
An alphabet of animals eating strange things in even stranger places brought to life by the vibrant illustrations of an autistic artist
I have recently self published my own children's book called Albert. I'm looking to fund the next print run and a sequel!
The Story about a Boy and His Plan to go ... TO THE MOON!!  Take a min and watch the video as I read a bit of the book to you :)
A children’s book with lovable Indian characters who inspire kids to connect with their heritage in the most fun and engaging way.
Under licence from the British Library, one of the most beloved stories in the history of literature will be brought back to life!
A hilariously heroic kid's book about a superpowered girl, her cat, and a monstrous menace made of meatloaf!
Attend 7 diverse weddings in 7 days in a journey around the world from saris to chuppahs! A vibrant story set in contemporary Africa.
Alphabird is an alphabet book for bird, music and word lovers, giving a handmade insight to the 26 letters we all know and love.
This children's book will foster critical thinking skills through an amazing journey of myths and discoveries, and fiction and fact.
Send postcards, make memories! 26 different Kitschy Cat postcards + 1 Kitschy cover =  a rhyming alphabet book for a favorite child.
The first Computer Science for Babies is a cloth book designed to help growing children understand the fundamentals of computers.
Have fun learning the alphabet and numbers through this unique collection of hands-on 3D learning activities!
Oscar has two moms and is asking himself: how could he have come into this world without a dad? A book about longing, love and sharing.
A children's book about two best friends who never would have met if it wasn't for animal rescue.
The Story House is a bookstore with a twist. Its storefront is a bookmobile, bringing great books & literary events to kids & teens.
MCIW is a picture book. It teaches children it's okay to be different using the antics of a cat and the loving observation of a child.
A children's book (that grownups will love) about Family, a Porsche Speedster, and Sports Car Racing in the USA
These gorgeously illustrated picture books bring Filipino stories to the world. Printed + media-rich digital books.
An illustrated book about food... and monsters... and the alphabet... and something called a sasquash
In this picture book, a child meets a friendly shadow creature called the Darkling, and finds that the dark doesn't have to be scary.
A new kind of brain-bending puzzle adventure book.
Help me publish an extra special first edition run of my children's picture book Molly's Marvellous Moustache
The ending of this book, like the future of our planet, is in your hands.
Colette discovers that true happiness comes not from receiving, but from giving.
An Australian children's picture book about the adventure of an adorably silly wombat cluelessly going about his day.
A coloring book for all ages, filled with readers' favorite pictures from the bestselling fantasy books by James A. Owen
An illustrated version of "Yesterday was Weird..." Benny's viral post about his own death, and the love that conquered it.
Join two girls on their search for a widow's precious pearls behind a trap door. This adventurous chapter book is for kids, by kids.
...vermitteln euren Kindern auf Augenhöhe, warum Dinge wie Messer, ein Beil oder Steckdosen gefährlich sind. Begreifen garantiert!
A full color children's book by Neal Bailey and Robin Robinson exposing the diabolical evil secrets that parents hide from kids!
Maker Box is an AR play experience that combines physical game pieces with an interactive digital world. (Works with iOS version 8+)
An inspiring book for kids & adults about self love, compassion, gratitude, hope, resilience, confidence, meditation, and inner peace.
"The Special Things Trip" is a book about a boy and his dad. Their annual trip commemorates the boy’s mother, who has passed away.
A talking crow, a forgotten world and a young girl's quest to regain her memory, her power and protect the people she cares for.
A richly illustrated children's story infused with wonder and imagination.
A book of genetically rare animals that inspires children to embrace diversity - and their own rare beauty!
A story of friendship, courage and discovering that sometimes it's our differences that make us special.
A toddler's imagination runs wild as he tries to solve the mystery of why Mama is always stealing his boogers.
A fun storybook for Atheists, Skeptics and Free Thinkers. A little girl learns how to use her brain to conquer a fear of monsters.
Children's picture book written by S.E. Burr (a.k.a. Sarah Nichols) and illustrated by Shad Wilde.
Swan Lake, inspired by the famous ballet, comes to life through the illustrations and original storytelling of Kati Treu.
Writing and publishing a children's horror series that incorporates California history and folklore.
An officially licensed Kansas State University illustrated book (that adults will enjoy) by professional illustrator Greg Hardin
A book using giant balloon sculptures photographed in real-life locations to tell the story of Noah's Ark.
Zuzu's Petals, A Dream of 'It's a Wonderful Life' is a children's book created by actress, Karolyn "Zuzu" Grimes and Karen Deming.
Lupita A New Family Tradition for the holidays.  Bring families together and teach values, get a plush doll of Lupita with storybook!
A wonderful rhyming story packed with pace and excitement, starring Bernie, a little gaelic football-loving bear with a very BIG dream!
A unique children's book with a heavy focus on images taken in Alberta paired with the story of a boy's adventure in the Rockies.
Your favorite rap songs re-imagined as kid-friendly board books! Introduce your babes to Snoop Frog, Piggie Smalls, and Jay Bee.
A picture book built around an enigmatic city, about two friends, a fashionable rabbit and a rather uncouth gorilla.
Teddy knows in her heart that she is a girl, not a boy. Will her friends understand? Will they call her Tilly instead of Thomas?
A colorful children's book about a delicate Native American tradition: the craft of Kachina. Available in French and English.
Teaching young kids about materials, starting with a book made of wool felt. A story that kids will love to reach out and touch.
A picture book about Tom Brown, an out-of-the-ordinary boy who bops to the beat of his own drum and takes readers along for the ride.
ATNAS, an elf who is a bit different, is sent to the South Pole to mine coal for naughty children.
This is Book 1 of the "Tell Me What That Word Means" Series, a chance to empower our children through extraordinary words.
There is NOTHING out there to help us support the young peers of the child with autism, to teach them empathy and strategies!
This is the only book ever made about Kris Kringle and Krampus Kringle growing up as brothers; written and illustrated by yours truly!
Uke book for kids of all ages: song-based instruction, zany recordings, full-page illustrations for coloring at home or the classroom!
A picture book to help support children's understanding of a family member's cancer. Ffion Jones and Kerry Foster-Mitchell.
Jan von Holleben and his brother Marius are on a mission to save the world - with photo books for kids. Help us launch the first book.
Jo Bonobo & Prisca Orca: The 1st-ever book-series which teach children how to protect our planet while having fun!
Spiritual stories with meditations and activity pages to help you  connect more deeply with your children.
Kids 6-11 read, play restaurant & practice math w/ Menu Money & Order Sheets! Fun & educational! Recipes included! #ThePancakeMenu
RedRover is launching an e-book series with interactive learning built in that will help kids practice the skills needed for empathy.
The Story of Gander is a children’s novel in which a villain has discovered a way to capture the good stories of the land.
A whimsical children's book about a hungry Narwhal, who searches the depths of the Arctic for greatness... 
in the form of a sandwich.
A children's book inspired by my grandmother, her childhood on a Tennessee farm, and her pluck and love of adventure
Caleb has written a financial literacy book for children. Help your kid learn about ASSETS by donating to help this book come to life!
A children's book about the National Woman's Party and their struggle for equality in the early 1900's.
Adventure through the universe with Maggie and her robot in this hand printed, hand-bound children's book, graphic novel or ebook.
A children's book that gets your kids thinking and behaving differently around food.
Where I Belong - A story of a whimsical family brought together through adoption.
A children’s picture book about a young wild orangutan in the rainforest of Borneo.
Paralympian Sports Star Tatyana McFadden shares her life lessons to empower kids to be all that they can be.
What if children's books were based in science? This story will inspire them to have a growth mindset.
A magical story about friendship & inclusion for all children A-Z
It is my dream to have children read this adventure story. That is what this project is all about – getting the novel published.
A home for storytellers, honoring the magical worlds of children's books and children's imaginations. Opening in Brooklyn, spring 2016.
An exciting tale of one special egg’s pursuit of happiness, created with feedback from the growing imagination of a child.
A book about the alphabet accompanied by vibrant illustrations and rhythmic poems.
So Much To Do is a picture book about a young boy, his stuffed frog and all the fun things to do in a day.
A lovable character, beautiful artwork, an engaging story, and a vital life lesson for children... and parents.
Once upon a time in a land not so far away; 

There was a place where no one cared if you were straight or gay...
On a cloudy day, a small lonely rag doll was brought to life by 3 dragonflies.  Welcome to the world of "The PatchWork Girl".
A colorful, charming children's story that teaches tolerance of others and acceptance of one's self.
Children's Abc book and cookbook for those that love fruit and veg! Both are fully illustrated and you can get fresh baked COOKIES!!
Using spirited illustrations and humor, this ABC book helps parents start a dialogue about friendship and bullying with their kids.
A book to provide hope to children who have lost a parent while also taking them on an amazing journey around the world.
Beautifully illustrated story of Davey's magic carpet, woven from memories made with his dad. A story of family, sadness, love and hope
Publish the first book in a series of spine-tingling stories to foster a love of reading in struggling students.
A rhythmic "science story" describing the natural wonder of the rock cycle on a backdrop of dynamic illustrations!
This book was written to help teach kids how to accept others with special needs or disabilities and to inspire kindness & compassion.
Terry will be a great addition to your family or classroom!  A fun way to develop the values of gratitude and humility!
Help me create a children's book that will help spread the love of the horror genre to people of all ages!
"Best educational Kickstarter I've seen in a long time!" "Learn with a fresh multi-sensory approach" "New nursery rhymes for numbers!"
From cawing toucans to sleepy sloths, come discover the wonderful sights, sounds and smells on this adventure to the zoo!
The baddest biker in town! Yep, and he's only 7-years old! Well at least that's his dream... to ride a rumbling, grumbling motorcycle!
A new story with an old soul.
#RabbitsWithSwords
A one-of-a-kind limited edition hardcover large format illustrated adventure storybook about a hero’s transformation
Wild African Safari Book Gives Children 3 - 8 Years Old Courage to Dream!
Father & son go on an adventure before bed, into a world of imagination, crossing beloved geeky stories from the child's point of view.
Dream Eater is a children's book based on my magical and adorable character! Show your support and reserve your signed copy.
This book is an emotional toolbox that can help kids and parents communicate about what it means for Mama to have cancer.
This book is an alphabet book by sound. Each page is full of hand drawn fonts and images to help kids learn while having fun
A book about a crayon company, featuring me, two of my kids, and our eleven animals.
Everything you could possibly wish for your special someone in one neat little package. #wishforyoubook
Children of all ages (especially Mom & Dad) will have fun learning about nature with these beautifully illustrated books!
Unpublished Uncle stories from JP Martin, published in a lavishly produced book also containing his biography and many illustrations!
Love conquers all in this Children's Poetry Book that will touch the hearts of dancers, lancers, and romancers. Pick up a copy today!
A lyrical, luminously-illustrated book, capturing the magic of that brief season when a child first ponders the wonder-filled world.
What would Jesus say to Santa? Find out in this beautifully illustrated Christmas book - helping kids and adults reflect on the gospel.
I'm Jay, Let's Play is joyful picture book about play that reflects and celebrates kids of all genders.
A whimsical tale of a grumpy unicorn who struggles with his self-image amongst his peers of scary mythological creatures.
A humorous story that deals with a small child's fear of Monsters. And inanimate objects.
World's first book set that teaches colors, shapes, numbers, sight words and the formation of colors magically right before your eyes!
The authors 2nd book, written in rhyming verse, which follows a lovable yet misunderstood yeti during his search for friendship.
'Spirit Bear' is an entertaining children's book designed to get kids excited about education and conservation.
Share the Lovecraft with your little monsters by coloring Cthulhu, Hastur, H.P. and more in this creepy and cuddly coloring book.
The story is about a Mexica-Native boy with long hair, home school, public school, interviews with family members, and public speaking.
Two friends from different worlds facing their families' prejudices. A story to help children cultivate the respect of the Other.
Find out what happens to Pehteh-Pehteh in this exciting new children's book by Kwame Owusu-Acheampong, full of adventure and laughs!
This is a 34 page art book with a rhyming love story. Follow this fairy-tale when two worlds collide and the adventure begins!
Despite all odds, Wheelz keeps on rolling along. Help us tell his wonderful story in a high quality illustrated children's book.
Based on a true story, children will love. An illustrated story of friendship and magical adventure between a girl and her talking cat.
Letters & Animals are a fun and interactive alphabet learning cards for kids. Bold colours + facts about each animal.
Best friends Twig and Zinnia will take you on a whimsical photographic journey through Fairyland.
This is a brand-new picture-book adaptation of a German folk tale, which captures all the humor and sing-song poetry of the original.
I'm creating Armenian board books (with transliterated text) for children and parents who want to learn and read Armenian.
A new look to an old story illustrated in full color by me!
A new dinosaurs series from Zoobooks: wild learning fun with dino books, apps, games & more for kids.
TDK book series features three siblings that do sibling things; they laugh, play, tease, hug, learn and generally have a good time.
Shhh. Don't tell the kids, but Pepipacifoofoo is really a parenting tool in the guise of a sweet bedtime story. Win-win.
A picture book series that teaches kids about the cities of the world and the different people that live in them.
PUPPIES ARE DICKS ™ is fun way to teach people about the importance of adopting Older Dogs.
We focus on children's education and growth. Children who are read to at home have a higher success rate at school. We plan to help!
Why Is Dad So Mad? is a children's picture book about PTSD and military families. By Seth Kastle.
At long last, the charming, rhyming picture book inspired by my son's fear of my zombie caricature artwork is becoming a reality.
Come hunt for poems in the wondrous Far North Queensland of Australia; full of ancient creatures, trees and dreams; this book inspires.
'TAD' is a delightful children's book about a tiny tadpole not fitting in with the other fish, but finding his way in the country pond.
What happens when a cockatoo challenges an ox to a ping pong match? Find out in this tale about giving your all and losing graciously.
A self-published, professionally-illustrated children's book about a little boy who thinks it might be cool to be different...or not?
A children's book on how the fleeting nature of life need underscore the importance of living it
Thanks to a dragon with a grudge, the tailor's beautiful bride is now a hideous hag. It will take more than dragon-slaying to save her.
Brian runs into some trouble with his new adopted puppy Henry.  With a little patience Brian comes to learn a valuable lesson.
Tommy the Dinosaur is a caring & curious kid, who helps children learn about social justice issues through fun & engaging stories!
Don't flush it, compost it! Poo to Peaches will teach children about turning wastes into resources with composting toilets.
A set of 5 Bilingual Benny "English/Spanish" books, perfect for kids ages 2-6. Every backer gets a real book with free shipping.
Butterfly Child is a picture book celebrating the resilience of children suffering from an incurable disease known as EB.
Empower readers to share their unique gifts with this inspiring tale of a firefly. Will she hide her light or share it with the world?
An entertaining and empowering story about a gymnast-in-the-making who loves living life upside down in a right side up world.
An illustrated ABC guide of the wonderful places, food and culture of New York City!
Whimsical tales from a 3rd grader growing up in 1964.
                         A kids book that's not just for kids!
Heads Up is an inspirational book of a boy's struggle through injury, recovery and learning to keep a positive attitude along the way
It's never too early to introduce your child to the wonderful world of art! What better way to let them experience it themselves?
An illustrated tale of Tristan the Teddy Bear protecting his child from the Monsters under the bed
The Kingdom Tales Trilogy is 3 children's fiction books; 36 allegories to enjoy & read to kids with lessons for living, kid's ebook too
A picture book that takes kids on an Adventure with Little a. In it they explore the alphabet and learn how letters are made.
Making a book & audiobook of 9 classic scary stories with a cat point of view - a very personal gift for you or someone you know.
Your child becomes the hero in this children's book about a dragon that brings water to the world. It can be customized for you!
This is a childrens book about a dad that is an amputee, and his son thinks his prosthetic leg is magic and that his dad is a Superhero
A children's book designed to BOOST every child's confidence in their own abilities.  A practised mantra to use when solving problems.
A children's book dedicated to passing on the legacy of the Greatest Moment in Canadian Sports History to a new generation.
Copernicus is an 8”x8” softcover children's book. 
32 full color illustrations painted/written by Jime Wimmer 
(Music: BenSound.com)
An illustrated, rhyming adaptation of H.P. Lovecraft's "Pickman's Model", "The Haunter of the Dark", and "The Whisperer in Darkness".
An Interfaith Devotional Picture Book that teaches the concept of God, and promotes peace and understanding between different faiths.
A beautifully photo-illustrated and inspiring children's book by an award-winning artist, about a sweet little dog and loving-kindness.
Turbo the Flying Dog is a children's book focused on aviation and rescue (Turbo & his sidekick Olive are also real live dogs!)
A picture book to help children of military families cope when a parent is deployed far from home.
Heartfelt children's illustration book that helps parents verbalize unconditional love.  It's what children need in order to flourish.
A children’s book full of adventure and magic! Aimed at addressing ethnic diversity, spirituality and emotional literacy in a fun way.
Lucy the chicken likes her life at the farm, but she hasn't laid any eggs. Farmer Hank needs to make his numbers. What will Lucy do?
An adventure novel for children of all ages that champions diversity, self-reliance, preparedness, and eating your vegetables.
Children's book about dogs at a shelter looking for homes. Wide-eyed pup "Astray" unites his new friends to help one dog in particular.
Three more coloring books for all ages, filled with readers' favorite pictures from the bestselling fantasy books by James A. Owen
A personalised book that inspires, educates and creates a unique world of adventure for children to discover. A perfect Christmas gift!
What happens when these mythical creatures bump into each other for the first time? Can they be beast friends forever?
Join Sara and her dog Zulu as they fly through a time portal in the sky and meet Amelia Earhart! Help get this book printed!
An inspirational children's bedtime book, showing the diversity of our world through the use of rhythmic words.
A children's book about our immune cell superheroes! Promote girls in science and inspire scientific curiosity in the next generation.
Yellow is the fictional diary of a 7 year old boy, told in a series of short stories based on his experience and imagination.
Henry Huntsman is a children's picture book about kindness, empathy and belonging. Help us publish Thommo Caulfield's first story.
CHIMPAN-Z is the 28 page, full color children's book about a monkey who helps his zombie friend navigate the end of the world.
The story of legendary Irish King, Niall of the Nine Hostages, told for the first time in a fully illustrated children's book.
Hero Ted, the Superhero Teddy Bear saving the world just before bedtime. An adventure comic book for all ages.
Once Upon A Nativity is a children's 25 day advent book that brings back the true magic of the Christmas season.
MISSION: to host reading events and donate my children's books to kids in hospitals, recreation centers and schools.
A colorful book for children of all ages to remind us of God's enduring love, no matter what we're going through.
Help me print and publish the first in a rhyming children's book series that tackles human origins starting with the Big Bang!
Life is Sweet is an inspirational book for kids that celebrates the specialness of your child and builds confidence and self-esteem.
A story about how kisses can be found just about anywhere you look
Guided only by a simple book, a young girl braves a world of monsters to save her brother.
The biblical story illustratively presented like you've never seen before.
Jason loved visiting his animal friends by the river, but his life changed after he came across a tangled crawdad in need of help!
Watch out for the Grump King! A memorable story about friendship and withholding judgement. Showcasing unique, detailed illustrations.
A children's book about the first startup in history. Help bring the spirit of entrepreneurism home to kids ages 3-8.
Meet Frankie the flamingo! This picture book for 5-8 year olds takes children on a journey with Frankie to learn about water.
Do you know why it's narrow in the center of Guam? Find out why and how the people worked together to save their land.
The Tooth in the Booth is a year-round reminder for kids to practice good dental hygiene using a children's story and plush characters.
An epic illustrated rhyming adventure with aliens, space pirates,
an evil king, a high speed chase, a jailbreak, and one unlikely hero.
A book for toddlers about incredible women from around the world, dreamed up the morning after my daughter and I voted for Hillary.
Artificial intelligence living in a bathroom digital mirror counsels humans and has adventures with inanimate objects.
Find out how Nurdle the Turtle combats the issue of litter in her pond in this fully illustrated children's book.
Ever wonder how Moms do the things they do? Well this children's book will explain it all.
The heart-warming story of a spunky young girl who uncovers the many pitfalls of being a big sister. Perfect for any growing family.
A little boy and his robot buddy learn about making mistakes in a hardcover book with real watercolor illustrations by Joe Kennedy.
If Elkbar is so extraordinary then why do the other Penguins of Penguintonia dislike him?
Cyber-bullying is growing among young children. I want to create a picture book that will show them what to do when things go wrong.
An engaging children's book where both play and learning are front and center. Basic ASL signs and activities on every page!
A complete family Christmas tradition focused on giving + the true meaning of Christmas.
Creation of a children's book for vegan children to help explain to their friends their lifestyle choice.
Fun & educational books that help kids & parents understand breed behavior, safety, health management, academics & more!
This 32-page book will feature 10-year-old Doyli, a girl devoted to saving orphaned baby monkeys in her part of the Peruvian Amazon.
A children's book about the backwards behaviors of a boy named Otto and how with a little help he turns his day around as a true friend
Help us write fantastical tales of veggies, wild foods, medicinal herbs & gardening - infect young minds with health & nutrition!
Jake travels to faraway lands in search of  treasure - but discovers that the best kind of treasure is much closer to home!
Be captivated with Jack's newest adventure as he stands up against fearless pirates to save unworthy bullies.  Will Jack succeed?
My students write children’s books for underprivileged French-speaking kids in Haiti.  Help us print them in durable hard cover format!
We're trying to make conversations about autism easy for kids (and adults too!)
The perfect gift for adventurers young and old  - this book is a whirlwind exploration of world cultures!
An adorably illustrated children's ABC board book featuring career options for girls such as Astronaut, Firefighter, and Quarterback!
An illustrated picture book for kids based on the ancient Iranian classic tale of Zal & Simorgh from Ferdowsi's Shahnameh.
A colorful fun book encouraging kids of all ages to embrace their uniqueness and do what they love!
"The Human Balloon" is a whimsical story about imagination, friendship, love and forgiveness, illustrated with bright watercolors.
Our triplets were born three months early. I quickly realized there were no books to explain their special arrival, so I wrote one.
Cinderella Spinderella: a fun illustrated and narrated multicultural, handicapped-accessible eBook. All ages.
A story book to empower girls to stand up for what they believe in, to support each other, and to honour their feelings.
Publish a kids book about a super hedgehog named Amelia.   She lives in a pet shop and dreams of adoption by a family with a nice hedge
"Could You Hug A Cactus?" is a book of poems on forty pages,
and painted illustrations made to be loved by folks of all ages!
Mindful 1, 2, 3 is an interactive children’s book bringing together mindful moments, hand-painted artwork and numbers!
Join Aunty on a madcap camping caper with a crazy crew of kids & critters in a campervan! ~ And help us publish our kids book!
"Who Cooks for You?" celebrates nature, imagination, and breakfast.
Follow Davy Whippet, a real life Guinness World Record Holder, as he teaches kids how to be kind to others and deal with bullying.
Six fun Coloring Books featuring goblins, dragons, fairies, space aliens and robots from the imaginary world of Gilead.
A young boy named Kai Blue meets a dolphin called Malu. They want to keep the ocean blue, and so Kai tells a friend or two. Will you?
The children's book series combines poetic riddles and the wonders of observation and nature through the eyes of two insect friends.
A fun and educational children's book that promotes the importance of endangered animals and habitat conservation in Sarawak, Malaysia.
"Maxwell" is a children's book that celebrates the power of imagination and looking at the world through the eyes of a child.
Board books with a twist featuring potty humor, hilarious illustrations & simple sentences. A perfect addition to your child's library.
Vi publicerar Barnböcker skrivna av Barn. Och andra barn älskar dem.
This is yoga kid's 3-book and song series inspired by real-life kids. Help me share yoga with children of all ages.
A Children’s Book accessible to any child in the world, using art as its language. See how one little bird makes a big difference!
An illustrated book about the simple joys in life - the words of Anna Kibera, a mother, a sister and an amazing friend to so many.
Finally, a book that reveals the sweet truth & heartwarming purpose behind one of the most iconic of holiday treats – the candy cane.
Start Drawing, Start Storying, Start Imagining! Create worlds and stories, then grow them through words, song, creation, and play.
In a climate of bullying and intolerance, a children’s book provides hope for a caring, inclusive and unified future for our children.
A customizable picture book that encourages girls to envision themselves in Science, Technology, Engineering, and Math careers.
To find the right literary agent, I need to hire an editor to help shape & polish Shining Sea, Book I of my YA trilogy, Sirenstories.
Most things are possible if we only dare to imagine. Gladys Sings is the story of a hen who has a very big imagination.
"I am a Good Boy" is to remind our sons that even with facing the challenges of ADHD they are champions, good boys and they are loved
An illustrated children's book that is full of adventure, insight, and fun.
Stories that your child will eat up!
This story is about a generous giraffe named George who is very generous! Teaches kids about generosity, is engaging, & rhymes.
Erin L. Albert's latest book is a fictional story about 20 princesses who must save Planet STEM from ignorance.
A companion to the Catholic Bible that walks through the chronological story of salvation history from Genesis to Revelation.
This new picture book seeks to nurture a child's most important quality: their imagination.
Entertaining, great fun & educational this book follows best friends Deefir & Pat and their adventures as they get in trouble together
Do you believe in Fairy Tales? My Daughter does and I wrote The Daughter of Frost for her. Help the magic of Once Upon a Time live!
A children’s book that uses a common joke to help stop bullying and spark the interest of reading and math!
Bug and Boo is a children's book that will help caregivers teach kids how to control their emotions.
This book will aid children, those who enjoy and those who may not enjoy running, in discovering and owning their uniqueness.
A poetry picture book that empowers young children, between 2-6, to develop fundamental early literacy and expressive language skills.
The Climbing Competition - A children's book for 4-8 year olds.
A children's book about a family created first by adoption then biologically. It's our story & every family's that was created by love.
A photo book for children all about Burning Man.
Kickstarter's first Look-N-Find book, packed with exciting full-color imaginative scenes, characters and surprises!
A story of unconditional love and acceptance...and farting.
The KINDNESS BADGE is a conversation starter designed to teach children the value of spreading kindness.
"My Day ... A Long Distance Lullaby" is a new kind of inclusive children's book. The book debuts in November - pre-order NOW!
A children's book supporting peaceful diversity and empowering children to learn from their community and the natural world.
Learn the lesson, and learn it well. Paper, scissors and glue (plus a lil' imagination) ..can lead to trouble. - BE WARNED!
Half unicorn, half octopus, half confused. (A book for anyone who's ever felt a little different.)
A book, adventuring into the diversity surrounding us and how it enriches our community, created by Rutland youth.
An illustrated tale of a boy who wants to fly the family airship & the clockwork girl who helps him find his way home. Kid steam-punk!
Toffee is waiting 1) to eat cheese 2) to read the heartwarming true story of dog-whisperer Mac collecting dogs for a walk by the river.
The Alphaplanet is an alphabet adventure picture book, where the continents are shaped like letters of the alphabet.
Inspire children to cook and empower them to be whatever they want to be when they grow up! 1 fun storybook at the time!
The story of a handicapped boy and his sister. Their unique sibling relationship promotes love, acceptance, and understanding.
Subtly spiritual and wholly magical, Spirits At Night captures the imagination and transforms the night into a time of wonder.
This is a book for all ages! Help us use humor and a unique perspective to teach children to persist and overcome life's obstacles.
A quirky and humorous children's book about dinosaur facts I learned nearly 30 years ago to share my love for dinosaurs!
The Smooch is about Tad, a little frog and his relentless pursuit of a princess and the enthusiastic help of friends.
A YA novel for a Regeneration- Readers young and old will discover the next evolution on a heroes journey into the future.
A fantasy adventure story filled with quirky characters, epic battles and dramatic moments set in a mysterious & magical animal kingdom
SuperYam™, a superhero of fruit and vegetables encourages young readers to eat healthy through his fun and delicious cosmic adventures.
1 2 3: Dogs in Hawaii introduces kids to ten different dog breeds while teaching them how to count from one to ten.
Funding will allow my book to be printed and pay for free copies to be given to schools and libraries in the Denver area.
I am self-publishing a book about a group of "Gifted" students entering into a dangerous world of super powers and evil organizations.
When my niece was born, I went to the bookstore to get her an uncle book. Turns out there aren't any good ones. So I wrote one myself.
Sixth grader, Penelope Hawk embarks on an epic adventure to rescue her mom from the Nightmare King & save the dream world of Marazia.
Help us get "The Traveling Jalapenos Meet Tripp Halstead" off to a great start so we can keep publishing stories that create awareness.
The Three Skaters is a children’s Christmas story from Holland that I have adapted into a picture book.
Expliquons à nos enfants que tout n'est pas rose ou bleu. To tell our kids that things are not only pink or blue.
A kids book designed to please your nerdier side, join a fellowship of adventurers on an alphabetical quest to stop the Vampire King!
This is the first of a fun educational series of books aimed at developing early literacy in preschool and primary aged children.
EMIC RIZZLE, TINKERER is a middle grade novel about a 12-year-old girl whose grandfather was a WWII spy and friends with Nikola Tesla.
I Love My Amazing Body is a children's book encouraging confidence and body appreciation.
Teaching kids investing through a fun and interesting book. Written by a young yet experienced investor.
A colorful, lyrical, limerick picture book about a merry band of musical knights with fun on every page!
My Little Geek is all about educating pre-school kids in a tech-savvy world.
It's never too early to teach your kids about the zombie apolcalypse.  A playful zombie themed ABC book for all ages.
A  story of NALA the Little Elephant coloring book for youngsters to feel the wonder and to learn about our elephant friends.
Maasai Boy Heart of a Warrior is a powerful coming of age story about a young Maasai warrior who confronts what it means to be a man.
First Self Help Book For Kids! Super Hero Abe Teaches Civics, Money, Values & How To Be A Hero! By Spiderman/ Superman Illustrator!
This book is about finding our own unique spots and accepting what nature gave us by looking at unique spots that some animals have.
A picture book with a message of compassion for overwhelmed babies and their exhausted mums and dads.
Follow Emily as she learns that falling in love with books sometimes begins by falling into them!
It's a book. It's a game. It's a powerful tool parents can use to wake up their child in a way that is playful and facilitates bonding.
A story about a young girl and her Teddy.
A board book for your children in glasses featuring photos of babies and toddlers wearing glasses and rhyming text.
"One man's trash is another man's treasure" takes on new meaning in this imaginative and rhythmic story that makes reading fun.
A colorless fish learns to appreciate the value of color with a magic camera she finds & shows us the importance of art history.
More adorable than spooky, this board book features gorgeously quirky monsters and silly verses to prove there's nothing to fear.
An illustrated collection of short horror stories & poems for kids, young adults, and those who miss being creeped out.
A Colorful Journey is an illustrated book by Bear Medicine Publishing that promotes the preservation of nature and oral traditions.
"Ellia and Sunrise" is an inspirational children's book aimed at ages three through eight.
I Want a Kid and I Don't Care is a picture book about unconditional love told through a rhythmic poem.
Itty Bitty Pitty is a children's book about a little pit bull named Itty, who finds out that being different isn't so bad after all.
The World Is Yours is an illustrated rhyming childrens book by BenHaMeen & Marcus Alleyne. An inspirational book for kids of all ages.
A new fairy tale with all the rhythm and rhyme of a Dr.Seuss classic. An easy reader that entertains and inspires children of all ages.
When Tim suddenly loses his Gramps his Dad shares the tall tales of his old Pop and his amazing adventures with his Rainbow Dragon.
A new kid's book about an old farmhouse that is recycled into a tiny house on wheels -- and sets off to discover the meaning of home.
Tina is determined to master her gymnastics skills in this delightful story which inspires confidence, focus, and perseverance.
The Elephant Dream is a creative children's book about health and wellbeing - it displays hope and healing and encourages imagination.
I made a children's picture book that teaches a simple, but effective, memory technique to kids! Looking to fund its publication.
A children's book designed to BOOST every child's confidence in themselves. A practised mantra to use everyday.
A DELIGHTFUL AND FUN RHYMING CHILDREN'S BOOK: Send a positive message to little ones who try to resist going to bed.
Gluten free kids cookbook, 200 pages of fun with full color images. Includes menus, shopping guides, party solutions and more.
A  picture book about realizing that a beardie isnt a real dragon. Great book for kids, even better for beardie owners and enthusiast.
A Christmas-themed children's book that encourages kids to spread kindness year-round. Pre-order an exclusive, limited run copy today!
Now in our fourth year, we're going to publish two volumes of fiction written by more than sixty kids.
Help me fund the independent publishing of my children's book so I can donate it to schools and libraries free of charge!
A children's book that encourages the use of the imagination as it guides the reader's audience on a stimulating, interactive adventure
A classic children's book dedicated in memoriam of "Maxy Bear".
Help publish "The Stork and the Sparrow." A story of adoption & identity - written & illustrated by Aften LaRae Thiessen.
A children’s story set in a post-apocalyptic world.
English/Spanish picture book series for children and families affected by cancer.
Meet the 14-year-old world traveling acclaimed blogger girl, set to internationally publish her debut novel Dawn of The Guardian
A very sweet and beautifully illustrated children's picture book about Connie the mule and her good friend Burt.
Heart is a children's book about love and acceptance.
A 57-page children's book about the amazing qualities of a penny the world has deemed worthless.
A children's chapter book featuring the adventures of a dog and cat in the 40 acre enchanted forest behind their farmhouse.
A children's book about a little boy's trip to the dentist. Originally written and illustrated by Edward Saunders, aged 11.
A children's book that is fun for parents and, best of all, about bacon! Colorful, adorable and sure to give your family the giggles.
Empower your child with lucid dreaming! This book will help quell the fear of bad dreams by teaching: control lies within the dreamer!
Join real life entertainer, Mandi the Clown, as she creates a hula hoop circus in this inspiring book of following your dreams.
My goal is to get 500 inscribed Being Brave for Bailey books into schools and libraries by Memorial Day 2016!
When I was 5 years old, I wrote a story.  Help me make it into a multi-volume epic.
Hen is cracking up as she and R.C. scramble to find out who could be breaking her eggs. R.C. Duck, Private Eye is on the case!
One-of-a-kind musical book that shows how we all can be heroes and work together to make a difference.
Let's print the second book in the Woman in the Mirror series of children's science fiction books.
A whimsical tale about a little boy who wins a million gumballs which begins an unbelievable day of fun and adventure.
An imaginative retelling of the legend of St. Francis and the wolf, in which peace overcomes violence.
This book is about celebrating who we are and embracing our differences with acceptance and joy.
"A Journey of Dreams:The Adventures of Dex and James" an inspiring story and follow up to my 1st book"The Boy Who Skated with Dragons"
In this interactive picture book, readers journey with SULE as he searches for clues that lead to the hidden proverb and its meaning.
Contribute to the publication of a beautifully illustrated bedtime story celebrating a parent's love for a child.
A happy and amazingly illustrated story for children, full of beautiful metaphors that explains surrogacy from a new perspective.
Caveman? Robot? ABC's?? YES! A caveman finds the ABC's can help him build a unique best friend.   New children's book from Mike Kunkel!
Are you proud of me, Dad? A colorful adventure book for kids that answers one of the most important questions in life.
"... will help young readers identify what's bugging them-one scoop at a time!"
Karen Waldbillig Kasich, First Lady, State of Ohio
Kylie & Lucy create a brand new business idea & make it happen!  Activities & fun quizzes mean you experience it with them.
An original story collection for children, recorded on audio, performed with many different voices, original music, and sound effects.
A series of illustrated children's books and accompanying sleigh bells that share the untold stories of Santa's 8 reindeer.
No hero, no villain, and no adventure to the moon and back. This book is a simple reminder that no matter what you do — Just Be You!
Every person came from someone! This beautifully illustrated children's book tells children about the people that helped make them.
Bold, bright and beautifully illustrated, our seek & find picture book features your child's face and name on every page. Wow!
A magical new version of "Rock-a-Bye Baby" with lush, whimsical illustrations full of animals and hidden surprises...& a joyful ending!
They say coloring books help calm the anxious soul. Give it a try with this world traveler coloring book!
Bring literacy back to life with stories children cannot put down.
A newly translated and illustrated classic Norwegian fairy tale, designed for 4-7 year old children.
Follow my daughter and me as we crowd-fund an inspiring, illustrated children's story about the Afghan/US war on terror
Sid the Sasquatch is a quirky tale that helps teach young children about acceptance of diversity in a fun format.
Bath Time Safari is an innovative book printed on synthetic paper.  It's goal is to bring structure and fun to the bath tub experience.
A Children's Book campaign funding a fun & exciting adventure book starring a brave little girl who defeats a dragon with her friend.
Imagine growing up with the true belief that you are capable of anything at all. What a beautiful gift to give our children.
A creatively confusing children’s book. Amazing illustrations and rhyme by Dave Manousos. Go to sleep Sam!
Teach your kids to defend their faith with this entertaining picture book that shows them their belief in God is reasonable and true.
From comics to children's literature, writer Marisa Garcia tackles bullying in this fun, illustrated poem, with artwork by a teen!
Be part of bringing this exciting slimy adventure to life and help kids to discover what it means to be a determined dreamer! 7-11yrs
A unique line of personalized magnetic children's books that come with your own photo-magnets to place in the story!
Illustrated children's book based on the real story of Rojo the Llama, overcoming stereotypes and accepting yourself for who you are
Help us write, draw, and publish a comic book to teach kids entrepreneurship.
Official NZ Defence Force artist Matt Gauldie and Shona Riddell are creating a children's book about a time-travelling war tortoise.
Two parallel stories, set in a dreamland, of two children whose journeys intertwine, meet, and, in the end, become one and the same.
A delicious Children's Picture Book about very friendly storybook-eating Monsters. A laugh out loud tale to inspire a love of reading.
A little boy rides his balance bike to discover the desert, mountains, mud puddles, and more. For adventurers aged 18 months - 5 years.
"Rainbow Families" of Greece will be able to print the 2nd edition of the only children's book in Greek about all kinds of families.
A young owl with special needs relates to kids with/without hearing aids or cochlear implants & teaches tolerance with her adventures!
The Worry Wave is a therapeutic children’s book which helps kids learn to identify and overcome anxiety, worry, and fear.
We are bringing the Best-selling Children's book series, Gnit-Wit Gnipper, to hardcover in a limited edition!
The charming story of two brothers who discover that -- with a little imagination -- a jellyfish might be the most useful friend ever!
An illustrated children's book for ages 4-12. Learn about Christian bible stories and myths without the dogma.
Through my book, I hope to allow girls to find value in themselves & who they are in their Creator as they wait for the right guy.
An illustrated children's book and optional matching angel doll to help children get more sleep and make bedtime fun for everyone.
Moonflower and the Solstice Dance is an illustrated children’s book set in Central Asia about an ancient winter solstice celebration.
A fun, wacky children's picture book that teaches children to always DREAM BIG! #iDreamBigBigDreams
TULLYS is a conscious brand for children with the mission to entertain while making a positive impact in our world.
Anson can raise money through this Kickstarter to publish his first Children's picture book. It's a tough world for 1st time authors
A colorful array of yummy desserts made out of - wait a second. FROGS?
A charming, connective and engaging interpretation of friendship as it shines a light on disabilities awareness.
"Annabelle & Aiden: The Story Of Life" is a children's book written in rhyme that tells the amazing story of evolution.
A children's book influenced by rhymes of Dr. Seuss, teaching how the political process works and how each voice can make a difference.
A richly illustrated children's book following a story about a boy lost in a magical dream land who meets and learns the ABCs.
"Rocko's Big Launch" is a book about a boy who dreams of becoming a rocket scientist, but first he must launch his first rocket.
Our second book in "The Daily Rounds of a Hound" series:  This tale tackles bullying, stereotyping and how love wins out in the end.
Join Jake Patterson and a host of extraordinary allies as they struggle to rid the world of underground evil!
We'd like to make shirts, totes, stickers, and buttons for the upcoming release of Necromancing the Stone!
Uglybeard is a story about the son of Blackbeard. He doesn't want to be a pirate. He gets made fun of. The kids call him Uglybeard.
A children's educational picture book teaching them skills to deal with bullying now and with adversity for the rest of their lives.
Two books of silly jokes and riddles to spark laughter, improve kids'  reading and thinking skills, and engage reluctant readers.
The book is the first book of MeimeiStory children book series(age 2-10yrs) that teaches English-speaking Children Mandarin Chinese!
A Children’s book about succeeding as a foster child. Written for foster children by a former foster child.
Jeremiah Nebula is not a bullfrog. He is a black boy that loves pink things, and he desperately wants to go to Mars.
A little boy learns that sharks don't have to be scary!  After all, how intimidating can a shark be while singing an opera with you?
Helping kids build a strong Islamic foundation through reading together with their families.
A children's alphabet book featuring some of nature's more unique animal species!
The Peppers will teach life lessons as well as being educational while doing it with humor and frivolity that adults can also enjoy.
A picture book about a little goat's desire and attempts to be part of a loving family. He discovers love in the most unexpected way.
This series of fiction books for young children photographed in rural Nicaragua will delight children in Latin America and in the U.S.
To write, illustrate and publish four books in the endangered languages of indigenous cultures in the Chittagong Hill Tracts region.
A 27-page Full-Color Illustrated children's book that teaches how to get along despite our differences!
Pines Bluff Colorado has a pinecone problem. Four amazing kids will take on the task to solve the problem and inspire a community.
"Are you ready for a monster of an adventure?"
A children's picture book about the rainy-day adventure of an imaginative young girl who's not content to veg-out in front of the TV.
Can you hear them? This book will remind you of the wonderful Wild Whispers that are coming your way all the time. Inspired by nature.
The Big Book of Little Differences. "Our differences are what make us special."
Paxton wants a piece of the action. His sister, Paige, already found her “perfect fit.” He wants to find his, too!
This educational coloring book features inspirational children who have overcome obstacles and created change in the world.
The magical little sharing book! 
Sumptuous imagery, delicious rhyme, uniquely designed to enrich shared reading. A special treat!
A simple question with a complex answer. This book will help you and your child explore and understand gender for themselves and others
Coach Dave is the story of a baseball season that counted beyond wins and losses. It is a story for dads and sons to read together.
The story of two children who solve problems from their waking life in Dream World: where anything they imagine is possible.
Funding Scones and Bones on Baker Street, the delightful new Sherlock Holmes children's book from award winning author Brenda Seabrooke
When you have unsolvable problems, you need a big solution. That solution is Mr. Big Toe!  This will be the third book in the series.
Why make a book of rhymes? #1-It's fun #2-Daddy/Daughter quality time #3-Good lesson on starting with an idea and bringing it to life!
"Garage Cat" is a children's book about the plight of homeless animals and the importance of adopting dogs and cats from shelters.
A book about a tenacious, tiny turtle who travels through the Chesapeake Bay looking for somewhere to fit in
Bring Children's book(s) to life! "Clyde" is hilarious and fun to read &  "Rusty Bear and Thomas, Too" has lessons on kindness & more!
Two very different dogs, a dachshund and a labradoodle, having fun while getting into adventures in Canada's Arctic!
Did you know that the Tooth Fairy isn't the only one that collects  children's lost teeth? There's a Tooth Ninja as well........
This fun rhyming story was written by a 9 year old and is a true delight in the style of Dr. Seuss. Enjoyable for ages 1-100!
Can Louie become the first mouse to play in the World Cup soccer tournament? A funny and inspiring book for 7 to 10 year-olds.
A parable about elections, in which an ordinary kindergartener runs for president to defend childhood, school, & imagination.
Digby was intrigued by everything. "How big will I be when I'm 99?". But Digby had no idea what would happen when he made robot Q-22...
Little Green Guys book is almost ready to go to print! I need help raising funds for the printing fees. I greatly appreciate any help
Picture ebook for kids ages 4-7 about a puppy who becomes a New Yorker. Igby explains what it is like for a puppy to live in NYC.
An illustrated, hardcover collection of Catholic prayers and saints for today's kids!
Searchin' is an illustrated & musical tale, about a sea urchin who is  on a quest for something mysterious...
A Book for a Grieving Parent- To help Mothers Heal and explain loss and heaven to their children.
Take a peek behind the scenes at the life of a young Sasquatch, with the new children's book Sid the Sasquatch! Sid shirts are here!
A how big is baby book! For people who like babies, food and their moms.
Imagine the fun you could have if you were just 12 inches tall! This book contains 6 stories about a boy who could think himself small!
Heartwarming tale of one family’s cherished Christmas ornaments. Comes in a set with a beautifully crafted ornament of Oliver himself.
I want to publish a book to help young children (& others) understand pill addicted parents.  NEW NAME OF BOOK IS TWO PILLS!
FUNDED- Show the kids in your life how much you love them with this awesome adventure book (complete with animals and dinosaurs!) #IPAL
Please help fund this brand new original children's 24 page hardback book that comes packaged with a cd soundtrack.
This eleven book series jumbles birthdays, jungle animals, and incredible illustrations with tons of fun lessons in rhyme with reason!!
Is bedtime with your child a nightmare? Well this book is your solution! It will help you to quickly & easily get them to fall asleep.
A children's book about Baby Sherlock in his very first case. Written by S. Mickey Lin with art by Elle Shengxuan Shi.
Little Chefs take on the world through a lemonade stand.  Taste their food and hear their story!
Join the heroes Stela and Chocolate Bear on their adventure.  You might be surprised to find what stuffed animals do while you sleep.
Four sleepy hens cuddle up with you and your child for a bedtime story that can help send your child to dreamland.
This illustrated book portrays life after a loved one dies as seen from the observations of a motherless child. Beautiful & inspiring!
The Beanbag Plot is the first in a series of Beanhead books by Jeanine Galante and Michael M. Kadrie. This will be released in 2011.
The Safety Pin (Book #1) is a fun story, with  rich vocabulary, that promotes great values. Based on a true summer camp story. Ages 6+
On Apple Tree Hill, Milli the snail sets out on a quest to learn what it is that snails do best. An interactive story series for kids.
Children's book about two fairies searching the forest for the hidden web of a villainous fairy-eating spider who raided their village.
An illustrated book for readers aged 8+ telling the story of 2 dogs destined to become sisters when one is saved from the puppy trade.
The second print of this book about a girl who enjoys being with her community at a fandango.
This is a childrens book (7-12 yo) called A to Z Friends.  It is funny and exciting!  It is also completely original, by kids for kids!
The ultimate baby shower gift: A children's book about vaginal exercises!
When you let someone know they are cool, especially when they feel anything but cool, that's being cooler than cool.
A big hearted baby spider encourages children to be curious and independent while reminding parents to spend more time with their kids.
Stories about an everyday friendship, that end with a humorous punchline, written for older children still learning to read.
A PUBLISHING COMPANY with HEART
A children's book revolutionizing the perception of fruits & veggies! Greens Don't Grow In cans, the truth about where FRESH foods grow
The story of a young man's journey to bring joy back to his hometown, and the elves that help him.
Follow a young boys journey through a world of imagination as he tries to find out where his prayers go after he prays.
A Kafka tale rewritten. Sometimes a boy and his monstrous insect best friend have to face down the entire world on their own, ya know?
A gift to early childhood teachers in West Virginia: A book to share with children, tailored to develop literacy and social skills.
This is for children with anxiety and OCD, to inspire, guide and reassure; and to educate and support those who love them.
The story of a missing poo with a truly surprising ending.
"Why does Mommy Hurt?" is a book to help children cope with the stress of having a parent with chronic pain or illness.
A children's activity book about ecology: a group of animals teaches kids about resource management and going green.
Willard Washington attempts to rid himself of a gaggle of monsters, but there may be more of them and fewer of him than he thought.
A little dog leads a grieving woman to find the sun after she lost her best friend.
Your Best Coaches is about a young boy on a baseball team who realizes his best coaches are his mother and father.
Tomato Trouble is the first book in the "Geoff and his Two Dads" series, starring Geoff, an adorable terrier with wheels for back legs.
Be a part of the adventures of a young girl and a dragon as they fight aliens, save the planet, and survive high school.
A "pun-for-all-ages" Children's Book about a cow who goes on a spacewalk...and gets lost. (First in a new series from Crass Fed Kids.)
“STICKS & STONES...and Stupid Jerks”
How 1 short kid stands tall when they are bullied and badgered.
Even tho they’d rather drop dead.
Yellowstone is an amazing and mysterious place. Here's a playful lesson in earth science in the world's first national park.
#FranktheChair has been on some of the greatest adventures any chair has ever gone on.
A girl's first running journey with her Mom where she learns about herself,  what she can accomplish, and finds the joy of running.
An adorable picture book for young children about bugs, plants and animals with switched colors and patterns.
Teachers and peacemakers requested a workshop for writers and artists, to produce kids' books rooted in African culture.
A book about chickens for people who love chickens, and even a few who don't.
A very sweet character driven children's picture book with just the right amount of sass!
Soccer Star is my opportunity to empower and inspire young athletes to be better.  Not just on the field, but off!
I need to conduct research in Belgium during the Ommegang, a reenactment of Charles V's visit in 1548, to enrich and finish my novel.
Stoney's Shadow is a story about overcoming fear. The story doesn't reference gender, ethnicity or family.  Author is 4 years old.
Come away across the great green, and find the answer to the World's oldest questions...
A child's wayward kite makes a whimsical trip through the solar system in this great bedtime picture book.
A focused biography of the Prophet Muhammad (SAWS) as a lyrical, rhyming ballad for the young (an ebook and book app).
This sequel to Fidget The Heron tells the story of a seagull addicted to junk food. Illustrated and in simple verse for readers 5-10 yr
Book One: The Whittakers, follows Beatrice and William, along with their dog Poof, as they explore a variety of worlds.
Monster Bella is in a Bad Mood is a children's book teaching kids that their attitude determines the kind of day they will have
All proceeds from this project will be spent printing, publishing and marketing my first children's book, Click, Buzz, Whirr.
"The Robin and the Wish" - a new children's fable that speaks about friendship, loss and dealing with change. And magic.
Printing of a full color children's book about overcoming difficulties through friendship and snow cones!
Inspire your child and encourage them to take on new challenges by reading this dual-language book about a confident, curious bear.
A children's picture book inspiring readers to embrace the beauty of diversity among all families.
A 2nd cartoon hermit crab children's book showing the importance of caring for others. A fundraiser for police/community groups.
Author, Reese Hendricks. Illustrator Cassie Bernhardt.  A TTIO is a hybrid book.Part children, part grown-up. A new reading experience.
What I Know speaks from a parent's heart to their adopted child. It is honest & heartfelt with glimpses of wonder & unconditional love.
A child searches for "the magic key to happiness" receiving insight from elders and spiritual teachers from around the world.
Nursery rhymes that address specific children's issues and also encourage them to independently discover the world of Shakespeare.
Peach Twins Is The Fun And Empowering Children’s Book That Builds Vocabulary, Color Recognition And The Love of Learning In Your Child
"They were the best of cats. They were the worst of cats" The story of 2 cats & their adventure with antonyms,homonyms & synonyms.
A little girl who dreams of being an astronaut goes on an amazing adventure. An iPad book illustrated in high quality CGI.
In this delightful children's book Flicker, Flame and their candle friends encounter life changing truths about light and life.
Fun for old and young alike, you'll enjoy the Gang of Twenty and Six as they share their zany adventures.
Kate is an adventurous child. Take this journey with her as she discovers one of her heroes and decides to be a lion tamer.
This is the story of one little girl who beat all the odds and became a superhero. Her incredible tale can’t be told without you!
Yes Sir Captain Daddy! is a read aloud book that shows dad calmly reacting to an adventurous child to encourage appropriate behavior.
The Dream Box is a children’s picture book that solves a real life, common dilemma—what to do when a child has a bad dream.
A playful way for kids to let their fingers lead them to healthy food choices, while introducing a basic message of universal energy.
Beautifully illustrated, fun and inspiring Book inviting children to follow their dreams in the magical world of Canbe Owls.
Andrew Gershman is a Sports Journalist  focusing  on Jewish athletes of all ages around the world.
We are creating a children's storybook to address the health and sanitation needs of Cambodians via storytelling and ancient folklore.
A Baby’s First Book of Zombies playfully explores the parallels between babies and zombies... Happy Halloween!
A new Ojibwe Storybook!
Two years in the making, this illustrated adaptation is finally ready to be published. Now I need your help to make it happen!
Jump on the Plushky Plane, fasten your kids' seat belts, and take off on an interactive trip with the “World Friends”, aka Plushkies!!
A children's detective book that teaches economics. Economics made fun! I promise!
A children's story about the bond between two inseparable friends, and the importance of seeing the world through your own eyes.
"... And the Three Bears" is the long-awaited sequel to the classic Goldilocks folk tale.
The Sinking Submarine is the second book in the CherBear's Imagination Exercises series (fun, interactive, skill building adventures).
Adventures of One Sock Children's book
Changing the world one reader at a time. Inspire your girl to go global with Pack-n-Go Girls, a travel adventure series for girls 6-9.
This engaging book teaches kids about the science of digestion and poop. Help us take it to science classrooms all over the country!
A series of children's stories designed to help young people develop enterprising mindsets from a very early age.
In Mr. Handsome's Garden is my first book – a read-aloud children's book about living one's dreams and being one's best.
An exciting story of two kids traveling to outer space to help "Al the alien" on a mission to save his planet from carbon emissions.
The first installment of an exciting new digital science adventure series for kids that supports STEM initiatives and inspires girls.
This book is about feelings, what they tell us, and how
children and parents can get help when feelings seem
too hard to handle.
Uniquely entertaining and inspiring tale of the Smallest Bug with the Strongest Arm and the Biggest Dream to play Major League Bugball!
Hide-O-Saurs is a fun and creative book about a boy in love with Dinosaurs & what follows when he asks his Mom where they are now.
An illustrated, rhyming adaptation of H.P. Lovecraft's "The Shadow Over Innsmouth" by the creators of Littlest Lovecraft.
A limited run paperback collection of novellas, a short play, and complete lyrics by Thomas Nöla.
I'm writing a book called my favorite color! It's all about a little girl named Prisma who goes on a rainbow filled adventure.
Aodhán, a little blue rhino is tired of feeling different so he sets off on an epic journey with a monkey on his back named Melvin.
Man, what a terrible book cover.  Help me get a professionally designed book cover for my novel!
This is an AWESOME book that introduces children to the 15 of the most commonly seen staff and specialties found in the hospital.
The fifth Wendy on Wheels book is in creation! Continuing the adventures of everyone's favorite girl on wheels.
This project is to fund the launch of a children's book entitled Rumi and Friends: "Love Your Smile" and a Rumibear (teddy bear),
Emma is a pretty normal 11-year-old. Until she stumbles upon a portal to an island where magical things happen...
A fun, vibrant, rhyming picture book to make bedtimes enjoyable for parents & children alike. Designed to encourage young readers!
The "Polkadot" Series share the stories of a variety of childhood milestones through the lens of a non-binary gender-identity.
A new picture book by the author/illustrator of "I'm Looking for a Monster!," "Shadows On My Wall" and "They're Coming!"
Development of an iPad app based on a series of published children's books
This book explores the dreams of a little boy named Max and teaches kids about the world of dreamland in a fun and thoughtful way!
"Everything's Better With Monkeys" is an illustrated book of poetry about improving famous paintings by adding monkeys to them.
Join my journey as I publish my first children's book made exclusively for silly, wiggly, giggly tots!
Helping mamas talk to their kiddos about breast cancer
"Molly B. Golly" is a children's picture book about a spitfire 9-yr. old who rules her world with attitude from her magical wheelchair!
A magical empowering story about living your purpose, sharing your gifts, and creating more love on the planet.
An illustrated and animated novel for children on the iPad. The Jörgits are a group of aliens who come to planet Earth seeking warmth.
Yaw couldn’t stop thinking about going to college, when all of sudden a colorful silver speckled dragonfly swooped down and said...
The first book in an inspirational series for children.  Enny Penny is a little girl who wishes for peace and gets her wish (sort-of)!
Teach your children early about the joy of beating Army. Even if they can't read, they can shout Go Navy, Beat Army!
Thanksgiving with a twist. Uncle Pete's peculiar penchant for pickled pumpkin pie brings an extra helping of laughter to the table.
We partnered with local children to create this story about an 11 yr old Ugandan boy who overcomes obstacles by dreaming of airplanes
The Spider and the Fly is a Christian children’s book and app that reveals the contrasting sides of man’s battle with good and evil.
In the turmoil after his father's death, 12-year-old Kevin Tobin transformed his imagination into a dangerous foil and a powerful ally.
How far would you go to find the other half of your heart?
I teach in an inner city school where students have an appetite for reading that has out-stretched our old, outdated library collection
HOLE IN THE BOTTOM OF THE SEA is a hopeful, musical tale of how clean energy can help save wildlife and fuel our future power needs.
Pop-up book with a lovable main character who in the hunt for friends discovers being genuine is the best way to gain acceptance.
Shanti is the story of an adventurous little girl in the big city, who learns a small choice can make a big difference.
Terrible, Terrible Things is a Children's story with many messages. It is about defeating bullies, ignorance and misinformation.
I’m making a children’s book called “The Summer Santa."
The first graphic format children's books dedicated to developing character values, school readiness skills, and reading appreciation.
Farmer Bauer scatters his seeds in unlikely places-- will they grow?  A fun, rhyming adaptation of Jesus' Parable of the Sower.
What if we could teach kids that eating healthy isn't boring? That's what this book aims to accomplish. A kids' book unlike any other.
A multi-media IPad book telling the true story of rescuing an egg and how that egg became the beautiful peacock named "Pweep".
Meet large & lovable Stu Potamus - he is throwing a party & YOU are invited! It's okay if you're different, we're all still the same!
It's Star Trek meets Dora the Explorer in this futuristic, scientifically factual story about a young girl who probes the stars.
A thoughtful look at a little beetle who is searching for a friend.... you will be charmed by who he finds.
Children's book about a young giraffe finding the beauty of being unique. Also great for autism awareness and acceptance.
Daddy & daughter team that wants to create a reversible Children's book. She created the characters and I helped her write the stories.
The epic, untold story of a Christmas toy maker, his dog, and an epidemic that would curl even the pointiest of Elf ears.
World Peace by book? Of course. Dylan & Delany are the catalysts in this movement & their new interactive book is hands on to kindness
Create 3D augmented reality stories with your imagination.
In a vibrant village in rural India, no one will ever forget the night Sonali danced.
My 6 year old daughter Lily wrote a book about friendship and acceptance.  She created the entire story and I helped with the printing.
Multimedia children's stories set to classical music starring RORY BREMNER and BRIAN BLESSED SHOUTING AT A BABOON!
Young, Black males write an inspirational story about learning, friendship, & giving back to the community. Based by true events.
In this book, Owen takes his first trip to the zoo and thinks all the animals are in jail and imagines what they did wrong!
Buddy has big dreams. So do we! Help us realize our dreams and get the book printed and stuffed bears made! Help us to help soldiers!
Hello everyone I am a writer and have written my first children's book, about calming a child during thunderstorms.
Follow a zany assemblage of skeletons on a whimsical journey through the hereafter to find answers to the ultimate questions.
Tree Pittsburgh, a non-profit organization, is creating and publishing a children's book celebrating the benefits of urban trees.
The Star of Soreals is a seussian story, a whimsical tale, and a fun allegory, about different folks and their transformative glory.
My goal is to create a cartoon coloring book for kids introducing the Thinkafeeladoo and the concepts underlying Cognitive Behavior Therapy.
Full of imagination and creativity, this is the next phenomenon that is sure to bring out the kid in all of us!
I am a freakishly hairy bee, tasked with a job that only I can handle: pollinating a faraway flower. Bzzzeeom!
Jeeva, the little yogi finds himself challenging the new boy in school. What will he do?
Worrisome Wilf is a little boy with a BIZARRE imagination. In his mind, the simplest things are transformed into impossible adventures!
Rainy days can be fun! Join the duck family on a rainy day walk and learn the cultural history of the delicious dessert Pie à la Mode!
Siegfried the Weird White Peacock is authored by kids.  What's it like--Siegfried learns--to be white in a colorful world?
Inspired by his father's bedtime stories, nine-year-old Qadeer Taylor transforms into the daring and powerful hero known as SUPER-Q!
Piper, a girl who loves to explore, and Floyd, a giraffe that "honks", embark on this detour-turned-adventure story.
A hilarious illustrated children's book that kids and parents will want to read over and over again.
How one little girl overcomes her bully in a surprising way and manages to show how compassion and friendship can save the day.
A cleverly written and creatively illustrated board book filled with onomatopoeias that is just as fun to read as it is to listen to!
Explorers' Playground Publishing is excited to announce the start of the second book in the Adventures of The Horndribbles series!!
Once upon a time, in the land of fairy tales and rhyme, there was a man named Dan, who lived in a cardboard can...
The true story of Hobbes, a domestic violence survivor, who finally finds his forever home, & now helps promote compassion for animals.
The eBook is great, but there is nothing like having a physical book.  Help me fund the printing of Samantha Loses the Box Turtle!
I'm getting published through Page Publishing! Be apart of my dream!
A series of "I Can Read" style books about a highly imaginative eight year old girl named Miki and her father, who she calls Sir.
A new little patriot book is in the works! 10 Steps to Freedom will teach kids the basics of the American Revolution.
Children's activity books focusing on preserving and promoting Chamorro culture and addressing important social issues
Sam, an English bulldog and her best friend, Izzy, a Chihuahua teach children how to have outstanding character in this picture (almost comic) book!
A story about a boy with a birthmark and how every child in the world is unique and special in their own way.
Interdisciplinary team of education, pharmacy, art, and business majors with the purpose of informing the public about Type I Diabetes
Learn and practice your ABC's with colorful, whimsical  filled illustrations inspired from Illuminated Manuscripts of the Middle Ages.
Samaria and her friends have a problem: a local landlord is discriminating, and they must find a way to keep their community open to all people.
Step aside Santa. Off the shelf, Elf. Christmas has a new champion who is older than time: Krampus, the keeper of the Naughty list.
Lucia Gunzel wants to reprint her children's book, Cranky Pants, AND publish the sequel, Happy Pants!  Join her in this adventure!
"Thank You For Giving Us..." teaches kids about the positive power of gratitude. It is an e-book, hardcover book, and song.
The Jolly Shop is a Christmas story designed to teach children how good can prevail and how team work can help achieve great success.
"Flower Remembers" helps children find ways to get through tough times. How can Flower make it through a terrible, stormy season?
Bob The Ladybug was created to stop bullying by educating children to open their minds and accept diversity.
In "Wake up, Tommy! You're in a Book!" a turtle awakens inside a book. He needs the reader's help to feel better. Will you help him?
Colorful collages pull children in to profiles of great peace makers in our world that teach them that everyone can make a difference.
Papa Lemon's Magical Train sends the Little Wanderers back to 1893 so they can meet the open heart surgeon Dr. Daniel Williams.
Twins, Violet and Kelly share a special bond; but want everyone to know that Any Two Can Be twindollicious when you have a best friend
Don't Be Afraid is a children's book about a dying child, a terrifying monster... and hoping for a future despite the odds.
A coming of age story about a young dog who is adopted into a Pilates studio to find his true purpose: to move from the heart!
"Uniquely Me" is a children's book written to help kids with disabilities understand, accept, and love their differences.
This book is a folktale enlivened by vivid, textural illustrations. Breathtaking art combined with a story of miscalculation & courage
After my failed search for picture books for young children about women in the Bible, I wrote one myself! Help me bring it to life.
Non-fiction, educational children's book about the lifecycle of frogs in simple, sweet rhyme; with bold, beautiful illustrations.
A book that nurtures feelings of awe and curiosity in children
A Charming Story That Comes With a Pair of Socks! A Tale About a Dancing Little Girl and Her Sock That Can Talk... Walkie Talkie!
The Journey to the West, a 400 year-old Chinese tale, brought to life with vibrant Chinese watercolors and charming rhyming verses
A superhero book where a fictional superhero meets a real man with amazing abilities.  The drama is created in the minds of two boys.
Magical cats, goblins, griffins and ghostly mice want to inhabit a PAPER version of this children's tale!
The Misphits are a group of young animal friends at Animal Elementary who are oddities of their species.
The Even Series follows a young boy who discovers that certain things in life that seem scary or pointless actually serve a purpose.
"Crocodiles Are Out Of Style" is a poetic children's picture book that follows a worried crocodile on his journey to become 'in style'.
In this rhyming book for reluctant readers, Marylou shares her dreams about being a big star and how to follow your dreams.
A rambunctious cat ventures uptown and gets into lots of mouse-chievous fun on his own!
Creating a fun, non-preachy picture book explaining democratic elections to children - because no such thing exists already.
A forgotten Halloween decoration wants to help everyone celebrate Christmas. But how can a bat possibly be a part of Christmas?
The Purple Pumpkin is a story of a boy and a very special pumpkin, who discover that what makes us different makes us special.
A delightful new book for young readers featuring the memorable and mischievous Keisha Cane.
The saga of a Samoyed who survived abuse and neglect, revived through fostering, and thrived to become a "poster pup" for animal rescue
Landon tells Stanley she has to go to school and he secretly follows her to watch where she is going and to protect her.
Camila's Lemonade Stand is a book about entrepreneurship, tailored to Pre-K imaginations!
A book for the world that celebrates the children and seasons of Himalayas. Join us.
Billy Bully's Wake Up Dream is a children's book for us all, that cultivates compassion, empathy and peace for our volatile world.
Once there was a Monster who lived all alone,
on a hill in a cave that didn't feel much like home.
Until one day a sparrow came!
My Apollo is an uplifting tale of how a small boy and a rescue dog come together to change each other for the better.
Katrina Garden Spider... is a new children's book being illustrated by 3rd graders at the International Community School in Georgia.
Happening right now in a world inside us all...it's Andy Biotic! Preventative health care and health education has never been so fun!
We are collecting unwanted books to turn an old and empty building into a desirable library. Let's start this reading revolution!!!
For generations, the people of Middletown have told tales of the Snallygaster- a creature that dwells in the caves of South Mountain.
Help me publish a hilariously silly board book about a Polka Dot trying something new with the help of his friends!
YA anthology featuring work by notable Latino authors intended to inspire literacy in struggling young readers of the Rio Grande Valley
This a children's picture book about the secret mischief of ferrets mixed with a little imagination.
A naughty little monkey escapes from a box of Animal Crackers and two little boys must capture the monkey & save the day!
Cards, posters, and perhaps more that tell the story of Humpty Dumpty.
The best toys are the ones you make yourself! Kids learn science, physics, and engineering through a hands-on creative crafts manual.
Bring Humpy to bookshelves and into the hands of anyone who loves the beautiful Humpback Whales in Hawaii.
A series of children's bedtime stories aimed towards 1-5 year olds. Created by kids themselves including the stories and illustrations
Donkey Otie was there the night Jesus was born, and he loves to tell the story.
For the past 40 years, my mum has been gathering together a collection of anecdotes and funny things kids have said. This is the book!
Artist Heather Zemien and writer Sheila Path McMahon have created Isabella, a Minneapolis-based cat who likes to go on adventures.
A Texan author and an illustrator from British Colombia want to publish a book about a little hedgehog with big dreams.
Cam, Marcella, and Miguel discover Blackbeard’s plan to plunder the Lost Dutchman’s Gold Mine and they try to stop him.
This illustrated Children's story book takes you on a journey in the Big Apple (NYC) through the eyes of two Brooklyn Housepets.
A printable eBook set of ten mathematical paper toys that amuse and delight. Impossible? Improbable you say? Wait and see!
A classic fairytale that supports a mindful mother’s desire to teach her children self-trust & self-love
The Puddle Garden is a richly illustrated children's story about native plants and wildlife.
Bring historical thinking and creative fun to kids in rural Georgia through make-believe, music, and games, and get a signed copy of Annette's book!
Artist Marius Valdes brings his Secret Species creatures to life in this new children's book for kids of all ages.
This is a story about a girl who can draw. When her classmates discover this, her journey begins.
Stanley is an ordinary squirrel who collects acorns, teases cats, and runs in front of cars. In this delightful story, he learns why.
Two new fun books to help teach kids about different abilities, kindness, and helping others.
We are two moms dedicated to our children and the preservation of their memories.
"Double Z" Zach Zinsky, jokester, baseball buff, and hero, stars in this middle-grade novel of praying mantid mayhem.
A new monthly series about a summer camp for young mythological creatures.
Many military veterans deal with Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder. This book will help children understand & cope with PTSD.
The rhyming text and engaging artwork tell of the adventure of Bingo, a monkey who learns to embrace his uniqueness.
In this children's book, the intrepid Captain Devin decides to take his stuffed animals sailing on a cloudy, stormy, wet day. Hm.
Raising funds to produce a 100-pg volume of comics, 2 children's books (one about science) and Lars The Awkward Yeti plushes.
Discover the world as seen through the eyes of Charlie and his friend, Pal, as they transform everyday tasks into boundless adventures.
An inspiring tale that will teach children that what one looks like on the outside is not as important as the goodness on the inside.
A children's book about the importance of friendship illustrated with beautiful photos and hand-drawn images.  Let's get it published.
Please help me bring my story of a little rabbit with big dreams to life...
A boy from the tree city goes on a quest to find out what's missing from everyday live - the joy that comes from seeing the Milky Way.
Join Erik The Reptile Guy on a three month quest to create 21 books to spread literacy to children and families around the world
How do you explain to your child that 'mommy's juice' is for 'mommy only'? A fun children's book for stressed out moms!
In my book, friends Allen the Alligator and Gus the Goat have an adventurous day exploring New Orleans, counting along the way.
Learn how to have a fun safe time at the beach with three friends and their trip to the ocean.Perfect book for the beginning of summer.
The Nativity seen through the eyes of an adorable (if a little cheeky) donkey ...
This is a good feeling ABC book for the kid in all of us. It inspires self-esteem and confidence in a colorful, fun and playful way!
Complete and print a book introducing children to dogs and how to feel safe with them. Help us distribute it.
A beautiful adoption parable about a fruitless apple tree, an abundant apple orchard, one wise farmer, and the greatest gift of all.
The whimsical tale of a young boy, fantastic imaginings and his journey to succeed and celebrate both in focus- and dream-time.
A kids' book about friendship and sharing with a mythical feel.
A kid with a gift for numbers. A house with an ancient secret. A legend of hidden riches. Danny Calloway must unlock the Puzzle House.
A faith-based children's book that touches on anti-bullying.  A self-conscious skunk learns that his gifts are a blessing in disguise.
Unleash 20 amazing easy-to-build papercraft creatures-of-wonder on your desk using only scissors. No glue, no tape, no knives!
...and Todd Finklestone. Two guys with a dream to create for children and expand their imagination... Help us help the children.
How far can a disc fly? This is the story of little Sylvia, who with her dad's help tosses the longest throw the world will ever know.
A brightly illustrated children's book about a persnickety little goob who has a rather long list of requirements for his best friend.
Little Pola's the Queen! At least of the family's candy store. But things quickly change when she samples an exotic recipe too soon.
Isabella Barella is a book about an “adorkable” hero who uses her intuition to solve mysteries and create adventures on Sugar Key.
Choose from 3 books - Pride & Prejudice, Nevermore, and Jane Eyre! $3000 total funding unlocks The Odyssey!
Tedwin dreams of journeying down a river of ketchup while he is at dinner with parents. NEW REWARD - YOUR NAME IN BOOK!
A fun adventurous story about a curious boy visting the dentist. Written by an award winning children's book author.
A children's poetry book featuring a wacky pirate and his magical beard as they get into all sorts of hijinks with some new friends!
Based on a Christmas classic, this girl power story inspires young girls to be leaders and to challenge traditional gender roles.
The Tale of St. Picklas has the potential to be part of the Christmas Canon. Help me share this twisted tale by getting it published!
I have written & illustrated 3 children's books: The Walk, Fountains & Vacuums and Sammy and the Moon. Now I need to get them to print!
The second book of the Know It All Nori series, this book offers a hilarious and interactive retelling of Little Red Riding Hood.
The epic adventure of Sir Stirling Moss's record win of Italy's great race, the 1955 Mille Miglia, in the Mercedes-Benz 300 SLR.
Robin & his Birds is a series of story apps that introduces kids to the birds and wildlife of Britain in a beautiful and engaging way.
A book that raises awareness of dairy consumption for the next generation
A board book for ages 0-3 that celebrates how amazing every day is and helps start habits of gratitude.
Linnie Mae's New Friends is a story of a young girl who, through a volunteer experience, learns that ALL people are people.
Stompadon stomps his way into your heart with his adorable story for kids of all ages.
A picture book - about a kid we all know! - with a gentle message about choosing friends over all that stuff.
Beautifully illustrated, fun & interactive e-books & recipe cards for children, telling the story of where the food we eat comes from.
Zach just wanted to go out and play ball, but there was a zombie at his door. What can Zach do? Find out when Zach meets the Zombie!
Young, African American males create a story about learning, friendship, and giving back to the community. Inspired by true events.
Need inspiration for kids to eat fruits and veggies? This engaging picture book is your answer-providing a fun and adventurous journey.
Based on a true story- I hope this book inspires kids/adults to chase their passion in life no matter what obstacles stand in their way
A story about a Blue Jay and her Big City adventure.  Help us raise funds for our printing costs!
A children's story about a little girl imagining what her dad goes
through at work after the she hears him say the word "downsizing".
This beautifully illustrated children's book tells a story of a little mouse overcoming her fears of the dark with the help of the moon
Here's a kids book that turns fear into a stepladder to reach for our dreams!
In a world full of shapes, with everything having its proper place, here is your chance to color the world the way you want it to be.
Shouldn’t a child with a learning difference have the opportunity to enjoy a chapter book - without tears? With Simple Words, they can!
A magical Halloween book about a Guardian Ghoul who protects children's candy and causes mischief while you sleep.
This 5-Year-Old Book Reviewer & Author Skyped With Kids Globally to Get Ideas for Next Book: Help Fund It; Spread His Book Love!
Black Belt Kids series of books about children the martial arts and the benefits they get.  The first book is Lessons of a Black Belt.
Dave is an orphaned lamb we raised in our home. He believed he was dog -Dave The Sheep Dog is his story.
A transitional field guide for kids who stop believing in Santa, the Bunny, and the Fairy. They can be agents for the Holiday Spirit!
I'm seeking funding to market my first fantasy/adventure novel at BookExpo USA to find the widest possible audience.
StorySticker turns any children's book into a recordable audio book.  Record and play their favorite books anytime, anywhere.
A book of an epic Santa Claus story that inspires families and teaches children how dreams come true.
A series of 3 kids books with fun inspirational messages, bold artwork, vivid colors, memorable characters & unique perspectives
An amusing book by a kid for kids consisting of silly sentences of words starting with the same sounds and whimsical illustrations.
Angel Birthdays is a children's book that redefines the day a loved one passes and gives kids tangible ways to process their feelings.
A series of 4 books that teach kids what to do in negative situations. How to use 911, Bullying, Stranger Danger, Found Gun.
The true story of a young boy with special needs who used the lessons from "Star Wars" to understand and cope with his disabilities.
Classic literature gets adapted into Choose Your Path, for kids! You're the main character. Can you survive this pirate tale?
"Jimmy draws on the wall!" is the first children's picture book by Julie Bartlett. PRE-ORDER your 1st edition copy for only $9.
A children's book that promotes animal rescue.  Part of the sale will be donated to animal shelters and rescue organizations.
Lets all follow Roadie thru his big day in the back of the pickup!
Monster books and toys are fun and it is time for you to go out and get one.
A fantastic story book based on the adventures of a young boy on board RMS Titanic. Aimed at improving Literacy & Numeracy levels.
My dream is to create a picture book to help children understand Rubinstein-Taybi Syndrome and how to relate to those born with it.
Space rocks. Books rock. Need I say more? The librarian keeps telling us we should make a book, so here we are.
A series of 5 children's books loosely based on folk-tales from India (3 finished and yours as rewards!), in support of a good cause!
Your pledge will help military kids! Finn and Spoke’s Journey is about adventures a boy and his bike go on around the world.
Help fund the coolest coloring book ever! The artist behind "Mommy Has A Tattoo" is back with over 30 amazing illustrations...
What's "Under My Bed?" Find out in this poetic tale about friendship, kindness and responsibility for the young and the young at heart
Smile Effect is a children's book inspired by Michael Jackson's example of unlimited thinking and his dream of Healing the World.
A children's picture book about the sights, sounds and tastes of Jamaican culture, as experienced on a morning walk.
Ken wrote a heartwarming kids book based on the true story of finding and restoring the family tractor.  We want to self-publish it!
Jack the Kitten is sleepy, but he's convinced pirates don't go to sleep! A picture book perfect for a bedtime story (for ages 3-7).
A delightful children's book based on the animals at Rocky Ridge Refuge!
Book and character designs based on my 3 yr old daughter's sketches and made up stories. Combining our love for drawing and imagination
This hand drawn baby journal is for those looking to memorialize pregnancy, birth and first months in a whimsical and original book!
Need promotions required for children's book series, featuring a boy and pup, as well as the author, who writes, draws and sings songs
A kids book to inspire kids and grownups to figure out what they truly love to do, and then to do it.
A fun workbook that enables children to proudly make their own book.  Their "mini books" will feature words with initial blend sounds.
A children's adventure book about good posture.
This is a story about one of God's messengers-- Hark, the messages he is sent to deliver and the people he is sent to deliver them to.
With a surprise ending, this book will inspire on many levels. It's the story of an NY City boy who came to make a NJ farm his life.
Be enchanted by Papa Duck, our children's book full of charm and twists based on a true story from our neighborhood.
In a world where children usually have all the fun, one little porcupine will take on all the toys she can handle.
A rollicking, rhyming, counting story, with a twist!
“At the Ballpark: A Fan’s Companion” is an interactive and engaging hardball handbook for young and new baseball fans.
This book teaches children not to get too upset when they lose, cause everyone does sometimes. But if you try hard, you just might win!
Change can be scary, but Horace shows children that with a trusty friend to guide the way, new experiences can be full of joy. Ages 5+.
Travel through time and discover the history of Jazz through the adventures of Kayla and her little brother Eli.
Positive, uplifting story to instill confidence in children. Four pirates realize what they're looking for, they've had all along.
This book will address feelings that a person goes through with a sibling with Down Syndrome & how God makes everyone special.
A children's story about a shy Slow Loris who encounters danger of a man made nature. Highlighting friendship & conservation.
A book about Senegal by, and for, kids.
Follow the adventures of one small, well-loved, crooked-faced bear and his young friend as they experience the world together.
This heartwarming book reassures children that love lasts forever, even when loved ones go away.  Please help us print it!
A magical rhyming bedtime story for little girls and boys who have so many questions about life and need to find the "SNOOCH".
Children will be happier when they learn to focus on the positive things happening in their life. Checkout these cute journals and book
Barnaby Bellows is a Kid's book about exploring your imagination. Follow Barnaby while he shows you that a dream is only a page away!!!
I self-publish books that I've written to help my disabled wife remember her past, and need help defraying the cost.
This is an exciting new book, with an amazing Illustrator, dedicated to raising awareness and acceptance of people with autism.
A coloring book about the great state of North Carolina and the alphabet.
A cartoon book for kids and adults to share laughs and life lessons starring Stuffed the bear & friends.
A children's book company where customers choose the ethnic looks of the main characters. The stories celebrate the joys of family.
"Muki By Moonlight" is a children's book for cat lovers of all ages. Readers have called it beautiful and magical.
We are creating an audio book version of my book: White Pajamas, A Karate Story.
When a happy child sleeps well...EVERYONE WINS! In this, our first book, we help children explore the fun and excitement of dreaming.
A fun rhyming story with beautiful illustrations of bears from all over the world.
The Plow Family stories teach teamwork, helping people and other life lessons. Children & families love these characters. You will too!
A beautifully illustrated book about a gassy boy who uses his tooting quirk (and a bit of courage!) to face a bully and become a hero.
A little giraffe has a big dream-flying! And he will try everything he can to make it come true. Even if everyone thinks he is silly.
Monkess the Homunculus is a 48-page hardcover children's graphic novel/picture book aimed at kids ages 3-8.
Collaborative mixed medium, all ages children's book with original water color paintings by Barb Counsil & Audible art by Bon Jurke.
Publishing and distributing an illustrated story produced by a group of youth from the poorest region of Bosnia.
Entertaining & engaging collection of story-telling books to educate children on how the human body works and what foods best fuel it.
A bilingual children's book about embracing diversity, being published with original art by local artist & authors from Providence, RI.
We now know about this lost continent thanks to the Mayan Don Ixmatá, whom Mr. Nixon met during his Peace Corps service in Guatemala.
This is a fun and entertaining book that parents can read to their children. It promotes imagination and creativity.
Small Hope is the story of S’more; who escapes his destroyed home world and finds himself on Earth and helps to heal a broken family.
12-yr old girl wants to teach 7 languages through fables! Natural bilingual flow. Free interactive apps and web formats.
Grimly humorous picture book – inspired by Edward Gorey – about a toad trying to cross a busy street during mating season.
Through the eyes of a young Muslim girl who's told she's "different," a book to help us understand each other a bit more.
Girls Can Be Anything affirms gender equality through interactive coloring pages that depict women in a wide range of professions.
Sun safety must start right away. This book teaches children, parents & caregivers sun safety best practices through a beach day story.
An Asian creation myth that promotes peace through compassion in a world of conflict..
Help us turn the short film, "Reveille" into a children's book called, "Capture the Flag".
This story teaches kids about deployment and will encourage them to be brave while dealing with a loved one being deployed.
A clever children's rhyming book introducing a strange new character that will inspire your child in a surprising way.
A fun-filled children's adventure about two urban chickens and their friend, a black lab.
I create stories I find compelling and magical. I'm working on a bilingual picture book celebrating Afro-Boricua art, dance and music.
Two Moms and One BIG Idea!
A “spooky sports” adventure with reluctant-reader appeal, featuring a boy who has to wrestle a [gulp] werewolf, ages 8-12
A kid's book FREE for the planet. 8 languages! A FREE interactive app! A new way to think about copyright law. DOWNLOAD IT NOW!
David Griswold and Eliza Reisfeld are proud to present their very first children's book, Mother, What is the Moon?
A boy, a Grandfather, and a small river stone with unmitigated power come together in a story that tugs at one's own heart and memories
This book is intended for freethinking parents. It encourages children to think about the big questions in life.
Join in the fun and help get the next Pomodoro Penguin book, Pomodoro Penguin and the Christmas Countdown, into print.
Preordeer "Rachel Loves to Run and Play", a children’s book about a real person named Rachel, a person who plays hard no matter what.
This book will help children to gradually develop an understanding about the loss of a loved one.
A children's book featuring both photos and poetry created by me. All photos and words were created exclusively for this teaching book.
The Lazy Leopard is a story about the importance of dreams, change and becoming your true self.
The Pella Who Lost Her Purr is a 32 pg book that follows a kitten as she discovers as you get older, different things make you purr.
Share in Judah's first adventure on his island with this witty and whimsical children's book.
Peek into playful preschool books made with clay-based art and creative plots. Get these ebooks printed to place into children's hands.
Let's produce and promote this fun new children's picture book!  Available as a pdf or a full-color paperback.
This Project Will Be Combining My Love Of Children And Writing. My Goal Is To Be Your Child's Favorite Author!!!!
The Animal Store Alphabet Book—a visually stunning, fact-filled, fun-to-read picture book for pet and animal lovers of all ages.
Twas The Dusk Before Hall'ween When All Thro' The Yard Not A  Critter Was Stirring Not Even A Mouse! Trick or Treat? Find Out!
Starfish is a book about the fate of technological civilizations. And it has starfish.  Like, in space.
Learn about the seasons with Jennifer and Mr Blue through a series of questions and beautiful illustrations in this sweet little story.
Everything changes when uncle Bob the magician brings Casey a special Bib as a gift. A small twist of fate, Baby gets Super helpful
A modern heathen childrens story with a classic folk tale feel. The illustration evokes Jakob Grimm or Hans Christian Andersen.
Manimal Friends is a fun and colorful illustrated adventure seen through the eyes of animal groups.
An alternative picture book for families that stresses individuality, rebellion, and big mean penguins.
My STRETCH goal: 2000+ copies of my book to be given away FREE to schools, libraries, kids charities and YOU!
Catch a rainbow in a bottle, wear a cat hat, surf a crocodile, set sail on a moon boat & so much more  in Underneath the Gooberry Bush!
Flatmunder: A full-color illustrated children's book about kid's fears and the power of play by Emmy® winning animator, Mark Greene.
A picture book of poems largely focused on teaching children (and refreshing adults!) about some of life’s basic lessons.
Hapenny Magick, a middle grade story with humor, adventure, a little bit of magick and a whole lot of heart.
A Black and White printed ALPHABET Book. 
Hand-cut and printed from linoleum. The animal imagery encourages hours of story telling.
Our beautifully illustrated children's book follows a child through the divorce process. He learns that love can help resolve feelings.
Do parents still read to their children? Let's find out.
An illustrated children's book that explores art and the environment through a modernized folk tale from the Czech Republic.
Educational and yet entertaining children's book that teaches the water cycle!
The second volume of Camp Myth, a fantasy series that allows readers to create and enroll their own mythical creatures!
Theodore The Thoughtful is an illustrated children's book bringing character back to children's stories.
A delightful 36 page book about the adventures of 3 sisters who care for animals, even the magical ones!
Nick Books will be a series of books. For every book sold, another book will be donated to a family in need.
Join Jack Chaps in his debut city "history mystery" tour, as he solves who or what caused the Great Chicago Fire of 1871!
NO SWEETS FOR SANTA is a Christmas Children’s book where Santa swears off sweets as he delivers presents on Christmas Eve.  Hardback, 8X8, 40 pages.
Heartwarming tale of how a boy stays connected to his Daddy through family rituals which make the days without his Daddy more bearable!
This book is for everyone - girls and boys, children and adults - who deserve to be who they want to be.
This book inspired by my daughter Marley, uses imagination to help kids understand that its OK to follow your dreams. At your own pace.
Teadre & Saucie is a story written to address the fear & concern children may feel when a loved one has been diagnosed with dementia.
An illustrated story for you and the kids in your life - a patchwork quilt leads an orphan girl & her horse into an epic adventure!
Share the experience of publishing 'What is a Feeling?' to help develop emotional awareness in our kids and stop youth violence!
A book that teaches children how to interact with dogs the proper way so they can avoid getting hurt or becoming disappointed.
Looking to inspire, inform, and entertain. I'd love your help to make awesome books for kids!
I want this book to help children find self-actualization through nature.  Get cozy with their place in the world and enjoy the ride!
Chicken Nuggets in the Freezer is a children's book about having a sibling with autism spectrum disorder.
Let's show kids just how cool Renewable Energy is! Support getting this exciting three book adventure series into print & schools .
A children’s book about periods that is accessible to many ages & will help break taboos and provide a springboard for discussion.
There is something very special about this little lonely rectangle. Can his friends help him find out what that is?
An adorable story about keeping hope in love alive.  Written for all ages and dedicated to you, for those times when you'll need it.
This fun-filled picture book teaches children in the most delightful way that there's nothing better than being themselves.
Help me Publish:
Mitten Tip Tales
The Adventure of Gnome and Fox!
Feminist Felines is a "pawsitively purrfect tail" for equal-rights advocates, cat lovers, and pun aficionados, both young and old.
Children Book:Italian art depicting the fantasy adventure of 3 unique, unlikely, fantastical HEROES! Dragons, Wizards, Magic, and Fun!!
I guess we must all be different, but not so different.
A children's book series loosely & deliciously based on the Gospel of John. The Sugar Lion walks & The Land turns sweet under his feet.
We're making fairy tale books with princesses that kids can admire and aspire to be!
Ghoul on a Stool™ is a story about a mischievous, candy making ghoul who teaches kids to be kind and to do a good deed everyday.
Animal Gas is a silly and stinky SCRATCH AND SNIFF picture book for all ages by children's book author and illustrator Bryan Ballinger.
A modern fable that honors afro-textured hair while teaching lessons of self-love, celebrating diversity and preventing bullying.
A triumphant tale about an otter and seagull whose friendship inspires the future of the planet's health and natural beauty.
"Three!" is a funny little board book about a day in the life of a three-year-old.
'The Starfish and the Whale' is a children's book about loving who you are...whether you are a starfish, a whale, or slimy sea snail.
A mini cookbook for girls by girls
We get lots of comments when we take our dogs for walks.  So I figured they would make a great subject to teach opposites to children!
A fun and playful book to teach children good manners, healthy habits and to respect themselves and others.
Help me publish my picture books designed to teach all kids to read & speak with brilliance! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JBh73OkjIyk
Akonite may be a dragon, but he's no monster! This is a fun childrens book about a mansion where everything is a friendly monster!
"Only in Malawi..." = Silly reality in the "Warm Heart of Africa" = "Bambo" Our colorful star!
Mrs. Ellingson's 4th grade class takes an amazing trip through time and space!
The result of years of my mother's imagination is almost a reality. The book was written by my mother and illustrated by my brother.
This kickstarter project is necessary to help fund the second stage of our project, which is the printing of our children's book.
Children's Book which encourages healthy eating habits, attitude and support for others.
En uendelig historie for store og små, af Mikkel Stubbe Teglbjærg. Sådan har du aldrig set en billedbog før.
Fuzzy Tricks and Broomsticks is a fully illustrated novel for young readers that tells the story of finding true friendship.
The Founding Fathers Project is a series of interactive iPad books allowing the user to actually live history, by interacting with it.
Join Sprout & Ginger as they set out to capture the veggie monster and discover that they really do like veggies after all.
A book of rhyme about apples, starring a crazy apple worm named Arthur. This book is quite playful in nature and definitely fun to read
This book aims to inspire children to celebrate their individuality & delivers the message of acceptance, understanding & confidence.
Conceived by Anvita & Illustrated by Alexendra: Pink Eagle is a lovable character - spanning 2 books - that kids can't get enough of.
Children's book about the touching true story of a missionary family's sudden "goodbye" to their 3-yr-old daughter, Azlynn Noelle.
Destiny, Purpose and Plans for Me" encourages, empowers and gives a voice to children who long to be heard! (Portrait book & cd)
Join young David on a daring adventure as he conquers his fear of going down into the basement alone.
Peas and Bananas at the Zoo with Lil Boo is the second children's book in the three part series of the alphabet rhyming adventures.
Help launch the printing of vividly illustrated children's poetry book in hard cover.
Amy is a girl with ideas like wild horses, she's about to discover how they can help her solve problems.
With cartoon illustrations, fun facts & Horrible-History-style stories, this is the first children's book about Doncaster's history
Join us on a  magical, musical adventure with New Orleans own Mardi Gras Indians for the journey to be complete you must hear the beat!
Finally!! A tale that tells children what the Tooth Fairy does with all those teeth.
A heart warming story about being yourself and knowing you are loved unconditionally.
"Boxes for Billy" is a children's book exploring the grand scale of our imaginations... adventure after adventure...
Starflyer John is a special pilot because he is only a boy. Although he is the youngest, he is the best in the Outer Planets.
An interactive electronic story and activity book about the amazing Brain, for kids ages 7-11.
Naughty Molly is a children's book inspired by our dog, Molly.  In this story, her curiosity teaches her a lesson about listening.
This is Book 4 in the Diego's Dragon series - Mazes, Monsters, and Mythical Heroes. I'm seeking funding to produce and promote it.
3 years in the making. This is a fun, imaginative and poetic story with 36 pieces of artwork and a full audio book with original music.
'Tweens' books with anti-bullying, history & science themes. Anne time-travels to 1548, & has adventures w/ young King Edward VI
In this colorful book, follow Lili the lemur through her rainforest home as she hoards delicious kiwis.
A children's book, focused on promoting feminism through a bright and fun channel. Emphasis on expanding a child's vocabulary as well.
For kids and Grown-Ups. This book helps explain a sensitive and difficult subject to children honestly, accurately and appropriately.
Two sisters set out on a summer project of creating their own book "Alphabet Soup" and need your help to get it published.
Helen the Penguin is faced with a dilemma when Penguin God appears and tells everyone they have been using their color scheme wrong.
Sully is off on another adventure; learning to ride a bike through a myriad of misadventures. It's about determination & not giving up!
This book is a very simple introduction to very complex artists and their re-interpreted works. It is aimed to children and parents.
Grimacia is a town painted entirely in brown, where no one has any imagination. No one except for a girl called Sabrina.
I am creating a kid-friendly book on the fascinating and dynamic geology of California. The book is geared toward K-8.
Companion guides for parents to talk to their kids about social identities, like sexual orientation (LGBTQ) or race, for ages 4 to 7.
A short story about a young girl's plea with Mother Nature
Growing Up Gracie is a series about a little girl experiencing life. Enjoy as Gracie goes through childhood along with your children!
A memorable story about a mouse in need that teaches young children an important life lesson about helping others.
Give excellent scholars an artistic outlet to express their thoughts about great novels with BAREBOOKS!
Everybody loves a Piggyback Ride! Find out who will fall and who gives chase, to win The Zoo's Annual Piggyback Race!
This book will inspire and delight any aged reader with it's creative images and thought provoking questions.
A quasi-kids story about a mouse that makes radical changes in his life after confusing the mortal condition with unexpected bad news.
Hey! I'm Not Ok With That! is a children's book that teaches children how to speak out against uncomfortable touching.
A kid's book about a daring hot-air balloon race, with humor & dastardly antics as one team learns, all is not fair when up in the air.
A national tour to bring "The Crayon Box That Talked" author Shane DeRolf to 100 elementary schools and reach 20,000 kids this year!
Helping parents point their kids to Jesus, one verse at a time. Launching the introductory book, Colossians: Jesus Is All You Need
There's no "bad" cholesterol...just misunderstood!  After taking this adventure with Lippy, you'll be on your way to a healthy future!
Children's book based on the adventures of my cat who recently died. :-( Need funding for an illustrator & to start publishing.
Toby Gold and the Secret Fortune is a financial fantasy thriller that introduces simple financial literacy concepts in a fun way.
A young boy sets out on the most amazing adventure. Will he find the elusive unicorn that he's been looking for, before he loses hope?
Frederick the Paramedic is a picture book serieis that is designed to teach kids safety about the most common childhood injuries.
A delightful book (written and illustrated by a 5 yr old and his Mama) for sick children who can't adventure like other kids.
A children's book exhibiting the art of multitasking and teaching the lesson of patience.A charming story parents & teachers will love.
Reading to children is FUNdamental. ALDO TANNERS was written to be read aloud so that children and parents can laugh along together!
All kids deserve access to gorgeous, exciting, and relevant children's books. Unfortunately, in Dhaka, most kids don't have even one!
Be Me Books teach kids about self-esteem, confidence, and how to embrace the characteristics that make them unique.
Play, laugh and learn with Thomas as his loving "Pa' Paw" uses brand new shoes in a creative way to teach a lesson to last a lifetime.
Jeiokha, a child of the Earth and of Spirit, is being hunted in his home forest by a mysterious, beastly menace.
Join Rachel and Sam Remington as they work to save the bees, stand up for the worms, and put an end to the big chicken controversy.
Luna & Cosmo is a spellbinding children's book that conveys both magic and the art of Law Of Attraction.
A rhyming A-Z children's book that aims to inspire kids to explore the world around them. Let's get back to basics, A is for Adventure!
The Art of Word Weaving opens up a world of expression for children new to America.
Children's adventure story about monsters written in rhyming prose with Tim Burton style illustrations.
This raccoon explores Yellowstone to find the Great Buffalo.  Will Ty find the him?  Can he answer the Big Yellowstone Mystery?
Our personalized children's books offer the opportunity for all families to learn about acceptance, kindness, and special needs.
This book to help promote acceptance of indivduals with Autism. The funds will finish the payments for the illustrations.
We have written a book together, my daughter and I! She's the smart one, and an awesome disco-skeleton illustrator , as you can see!
This book is magic for everyone. Like when you eat a raindrop.  Like when you ride a unicorn. Like singing under a rainbow.
Little Beaver Builds a Bed is an illustrated children’s book focused on the importance of making things with your hands.
The Princess and the Drageena is an illustrated children's book about a beautiful Princess and her rambunctious friend the Drageena.
Giggle Farm is a 46 page children’s story about a farm family facing life’s ups and downs and making it through because of each other.
The Minister's Cat is a celebration of the beautiful minds that look at the world a little differently.
The Somewhat Silly Story books are colorful adventures written to encourage children to read, for the young and the young at heart.
Inspiring Kindness to Uniqueness. True Blue Hand is a sweet tale of a little girl who happened to be born with a unique blue hand.
A special story about an adorable dragon whelp named Asbestos and his journey to restore the magic to the Land Of Possible.
A children's story written and illustrated with love --  Kids are kids, even when they are bears :) 
Please take a look at my book.
A Book is a Smart Gift to Give A Child You Love and Care About. Order one of these books for a child who you love today!
My Friend Clyde is a children's picture book that discusses the importance of treating others with respect regardless of differences
Almost 6 yr old Zelda is blind. She goes to Paris for the first time and discovers the city through touch, taste, smell & sound.
Bring "Little Stinker" to life! Fans of the popular, 1970s-inspired picture book,"Cranky Pants" - the sequel is here!
Promote kids' high self-esteem and inner strength! Create a hard cover printed version of this joyful children’s affirmation book.♥
A story about a little girl and a Maple Tree on a day when there is, "nothing to do!"
A lighthearted kids story with a fun message about getting healthy and making good decisions.
A picture book that uses children's natural curiosity about animals to teach them about movement & encourage them to get active.
A new Titanic sets off on its maiden voyage - and sails straight into the end of the world as we know it!
Interdisciplinary team of education, pharmacy, art, and business students with the mission of educating the public about oncology.
Matteo wakes up one morning on a strange island where he learns the power of culture and the threat of climate change.
Lift your head, unfold your hands and get to work... urgently coloring these important pictures.
:**:Fairy Princess Lolly:**: and her friends Connor, Lili the Ghillie, and Tristan the Dragon rescue lost Will o'Wisps in the forest!
Join Willow the Wallaby as she hops, skips and a jumps through the days of the week.
A Personal Dedication to Fatherhood and to the Unbreakable Bond Between Daddies and Daughters Everywhere
We’re 45 days from releasing the first stories for young adults from the magical realm known as the Kingdom of Hamelot.
The only constant in life is change. As we grow older society labels & judges us. Come follow a caterpillar out of this conditioning.
TWO children's books: Don't Be Blue Daisy Blue (a story of accepting who you are) + Let's Go, Gogo! (guiding kids on outdoor activities
Our Magazine gives girls what they love i.e. fashion, friends, creativity while removing questionable advertising and negative images!
We're launching two customizable children's books - you'll be able to a put a little one's name and likeness right into the story.
Atlas the turtle leaves his dirty pond for the sparkling lake across the street. Can he cross the road without getting squished?
Anne Bredahl og Dita Sternfend har lavet en sød børnebog om de hemmeligheder børn har med deres bedsteforældre.
Does it really rain cats and dogs? Can you really blow your top? Children's book explaining Idioms for kids with learning disabilities.
Fizzy Pop is a fantastical tale of fizzy drinks, farts, flying machines and friendship.
To distribute printed copies of Show Love No Bullying book series to libraries within DC and each of the 50 capitals of the U.S.A.
A Paper Doll Coloring Book Project for Children and Adults Alike
A series of Christian children's picture books that help grow faith from a young age!
Sashi is a herding dog and chases everything. She loses her home because her owners don't understand. What will become of her?
I’m creating a book that includes 150 facts about West Virginia. It is a celebration of the states 150th birthday-  (1863 to 2013).
A toddler's fascination with the smiling moon grows deeper when it seems to follow her wherever she goes.
This is a creative board book version of the classic song, The Wheels on the Bus.
A children's book and companion coloring book which explain addiction in terms that children can understand.
A Katie-Jane book about being shy, fitting in and finding out Who you are ... the first in a series of six picture books for ages 3-8.
Written & illustrated by 6-year-old Lexi (with some help from Dad), the Stephanies is the story of two girls named, well, Stephanie.
A children's story about a boy who is like the moon and a girl who is like the sun finding their way together.
A child's interpretation of the challenges of diversity told through a tale in hopes to teach children to love more and hate less.
Pre-order the first ever vegan-themed board book for the little ones and help sponsor a turkey in time for Thanksgiving!
A social justice themed ABC book that you can read to your kids ages 0-3+. Over and over and over...
2.1 million people are affected with MS worldwide. How many kids then are affected by this disease? How are they coping?
The Secret Life of Streams introduces children to the magical underwater world, igniting curiosity, connections, and stewardship.
"Dream Butterflies" is a life-changing quest of a lonely princess to capture her dreams and realize all dreams need to be shared.
Cal's Adventures is a children's book in which a young Jollybean named Cal gets into all sorts of fun and exciting adventures.
Telling a story that helps children (and adults) understand that fairness and love do not always look the same for everyone.
Olive the Penguin is an inspirational children's book about a chinstrap penguin and her journey to achieve her one dream: to fly.
DaddyTricks: The Book will show how to do a dozen tricks, using everyday items, that are fun to teach, learn and perform.
The Good Friend is a Personalized Story of friendship, what makes a good friend and how to build strong character in our young children
A book for little girls that inspires them to change the world just by being themselves.
I am writing, illustrating and publishing a children's book that will be one in a series of four.
I am making a children's book with Surfing Animals A-Z
“The Magnificent Nine” is a children’s book about the number Six, who desperately tries to resemble his new neighbor, Nine.
A heroic children's story about a young girl who solves a serious ecological problem!
Walkabout Town is a 52-page text and photographic journey through an urban community accompanied by a linked original song download.
Milton Friedman for kids? Absolutely! An economic adventure book series for kids (6-12) that enlightens, entertains, informs & inspires
It's never too early to get started on the path of self-discovery. A combination of ancient wisdom, scientific facts, & activities.
New Children's Book: Will Develop Science, Math, And Observational Skills As They Learn How Leaves Change Colors In Autumn.
A delightful book for children of all ages. Entertaining, enchanting, a true original! A powerful message with a surprise ending.
A series of children's books about the real life adventures of a Goldendoodle puppy named Archie.
Sophie and the Hot Air Balloon is a book about a young girl battling cancer and using coping techniques to get through her treatments.
An illustrated rhymetastic children's book where the half-wits are heroes and the brainless are burgeoning.
Yuriko Hoshino and Clark Williams collaborate on a 32-page children's picture book
A picture book about the journey of a lovable, fun and brave little girl who gets a disease called leprosy.
The Dream Traveler series connects children to cultural awareness, music and art, and encourages imagination and creativity.
This educational coloring book features 45 inspiring global women who have changed the world in all areas of life from art to politics.
"Rocksann Finds God" is a storybook about an inquisitive young girl whose quest to find God has a surprise answer to her adventure.
Pax the Perch longs to be brave! Your kid can be their own hero! Stretch goal-Storybook App brings engineering to our fishy tale!
Toby is Up-South Swamp’s beloved Snapping Turtle, but when his world falls apart he starts snapping at Up-South’s other inhabitants.
Help Isabel (11 yo) publish her first children's book - The Purple Orange. You won't regret it!
Please help us build a little free children's library for our neighborhood! We want all kids to have a variety of books to read!
Written by a true Survivor and a Make-A-Wish recipient. Wonderful/Whimsical book introducing Dragons to people in a whole new light.
4 kids learn a girl their age doesn't have clean water & set out to help. Read how they make a difference and learn how you can too!
Launch my first children's book
Samantha is a sloth with a problem...she bites her claws! However, with the love and support from her family she stops her bad habit.
The people we love stay with us always, in memories. Share this heartwarming story with a child, a parent, or your best friend.
A lavishly illustrated alphabet book, born of love for new-parent friends, and for their precious, precocious kids.
Open the door to the other side of the world...
KiKi & Kiddo dream of publishing their 1st children's picture book.  ABC themed & educational for ages 3 to 8.  Silly, cute & colorful!
This is a story of a child who has to cope with change, moving from one school to another and he realizes change is for the better.
With watercolor illustrations in the style of NW art, and story loosely based on a myth of hot springs formation, you can't go wrong.
This will be a series of children's book about a child with a disability.  The stories will include additional kids with disabilities.
I'm self-publishing a children's Christmas book with my friend Jordan Clarke about a star named LoLo Star who just wants to fit in.
Griffins, pirates and dragons, oh my! Embark on the adventure by pre-ordering this book today!
The first book in a series of How to Draw books made to inspire children’s creativity and imagination with the use of hand-drawn art.
A children's fable about the fortitude of friendship, the function of forgiveness, and – most importantly – dragons.
A picture book for children showing the magic and mystery of the night and those things made more glorious by the absence of light.
The Smith Family Secret is a story about a boy whose drawings come to life. This book promotes creativity, honesty and responsibility.
Open your eyes and hearts as you join this young Somali refugee as she navigates her way through America, embracing her Somali values.
Pedro Goes to the Park is the first in a series of children's books based on an extremely lovable and adventurous dog named Pedro.
Starfish on the Beach is a beautifully illustrated children's book that tells the story of how one small act can make a big difference.
Join me in launching my first children's book, The Sun & The Wind, an adaptation of an Aesop classic.  Illustrated by Randy Hale.
"He's my brother and my best friend!"  What can make big brother, Samuel, appreciate this statement instead of being embarrassed by it?
This book is the first in a series featuring Solomon Screech Owl, a feisty little bird, who travels the world in search of adventure.
Awaken the joy of helping in your little ones; inspire them to take responsibility with Sal!
A book about entrepreneurship for children and their parents with engaging narratives and practical tools to equip and encourage.
Little Pim the panda will visit his friends in Mexico, China, Brazil, and France in this colorful holiday ebook! A great holiday gift.
a picture book that follows the adventures of a lost sock as it passes from one playful animal to another, while a matching sock awaits
Looking for a fun way to teach your children kindness and compassion? Look no further, the cute & cuddly Karma the Elephant is here!
I wrote this book to educate parents on the basics of estate planning in a way that also entertains children
Support our family bring a free children's library to Hermosa Beach.  Lets teach our children to read and share with others!
Little kids write and big kids draw.
826LA and GRworks have created a book, where 826LA students write and Animation artists draw.
Because a Hallmark card can do a lot of things, but it can't explain to your niece just how much you love her.
It's a children's book about a unique hamster who goes out exploring, meets new friends and learns new lessons.
Sir Knighty & Friends has another bunch of childrens / kids picture ebooks. Pledgers will receive voting rights and coolest rewards!
Little Boo: What Will You Do? is a much needed, updated ABC picture book of career options for children of all ages in today's world.
Little Cloud, by teacher-librarian Barbara Roestenburg. A fun and meaningful interactive early childhood reader.
An inspirational nonfiction 32-page picture book based on the life lessons learned by a teen Holocaust survivor.
Let's bring LtR Adventures, an interactive children’s app and book series, to young readers who need these 4 items to love reading!
From the Coral Reef to the Andromeda galaxy, swim with Dolphin Boy and Space Girl exploring the ocean and space!
This educational book will entertain young readers about the many unique animals Cape Cod has welcomed over the years.
A not-so-ordinary cookbook for kids filled with unique recipes, whimsical illustrations & stories about fascinating people & places!
A boy's life changes because of an unexpected blob of paint, discovering there are no mistakes in Art only other possibilities.
Publish a fairy tale book, already written. This final stage include interior setup, cover, publication and printing of 100 copies.
Put 15 years of funny and colorful history onto a mobile platform for young people who don't usually pick up books!
Yes, that is a raccoon and he might just change literature with your support (he clearly has something going on, so who knows!)
The first of many storybook lessons! YOU can teach your child music lessons (even if you don't know music). Lesson one? Time signature!
An alphabet book that showcases a different anatomical feature for each letter illustrated by a Certified Medical Illustrator.
Monsters in Manhattan is the first of three illustrated children's books about all of the creatures that lurk at famous NYC landmarks.
Not every day is full of sunshine, puppies, rainbows, mermaids and unicorns, but you can have a book full of them, to read every day.
An all new annotated edition of the Wonderful Wizard of Oz, directly from the first edition source.
An amazing children's book about humanistic thought and human rights values!
"Growing Up Harley" is a full color children's book about a young girl and her fun-loving pet camel; includes cool camel facts.
Shelby is excited about going to the park with her friends but plans are cancelled when it is raining. Instead she plays in puddles.
Hello! Two years ago,when I was 9, I wrote a book that I had copyrighted. Now I want to publish my book and share  it with the world!
"What Do You Call Your Butterfly" is a book, for kids of all ages, about how to say and pronounce Butterfly in different languages.
From head to toe, heart and soul, this book reminds kids that they aren't "just cute," but also imaginative, powerful, loving beings.
SUPERHERO (working title) an illustrated poem that tells the story of a young boy who wants nothing more than to be a superhero.
Need money to pay illustrator to complete children's picture book.
Ildfluen Broutchek er lige så kendt og elsket af tjekkiske børn, som Emil fra Lønneberg eller Troldepus er det af danske børn.
The Clown That Lost His Funny is a children's book written by Lauren (age 11). It's a really fun and heartfelt story.
Amelia's hair goes everywhere...!
A book about differences and their uniqueness.
Collection of 15 short stories featuring bunnies, bears, owls, cats, geese, frogs, cows, llamas, Bigfoot, and more!
Tommy loves to fly (and is pretty good at it) but he has one small problem: he's afraid of heights.
A fun adventure full of surprise. It is about brotherhood, and great power coming with great responsibility.
David's War/David's Peace tells two stories focusing on the theme of conflict and peacemaking.
"A Peacock Among the Pigeons" is a LGBT themed children's book about learning to stand out when you can't fit in.
My niece once wished she could light up like a firefly and since she's passed away, I'm hoping we can light up the world with her book.
LITTLE STEPS written & illustrated by Ryan Hipp "Thru the short life-cycle of a caterpillar, we learn life is difficult, yet precious".
A modern day story about the search for happiness, and one girl's discovery that even in the face of failure, peace can be found.
A heartwarming quilting adventure, this picture book features 10 year old Kristy at the In Stitches Quilting Retreat, for ages 2-92
Help publish my children's book "There's an Alligator in Audubon Park" What would you do if you saw a gator on your afternoon walk?
This book holds a really beautiful & simple message about the power of words. My aim is to get the book into Primary Schools.
Step One: Illustration fee Step Two: Self publish Step Three: Distribute books and smiles to kids in need!
Wounded, irreverent teen Lori falls through a rip in reality, into a world of magic, danger, and love. YA fantasy (Illustrated)
The goal: to publish a bilingual Spanish-English children's book that combats the stigma against people with mental illness
A book about the adventures of a silly King, his Royal Caretakers and his very best friend, a Big Blue Bear
A story of three animals who misinterpret their encounters with Rattlesnake. Its anti-bullying message promotes peace and tolerance.
A heart-warming story about a plucky lighthouse who gets replaced by technology. But what happens when a storm destroys all technology?
Creatively Inspiring Kids of All Ages! Artsy Ant brings fun, interactive art, memorable characters, entertaining & encouraging stories.
Endearing pup Crumbles runs from paper bags, fears snowmen and wrestles with an identity crisis during his engaging adventures.
Together, let's get the first four "Adventures of Pomodoro Penguin" books into print!
The comedic retelling of one of the most beloved folk heroes of Laos written in English.
Space aliens! Lion attacks! Hungry vultures! Imagination reigns high in this funny, color packed children's book.
Translation, printing, and distribution of 5,000 Spanish copies of "The Power Of The Prayer Covenant For Kids" for use in Latin America
Two unlikely friends, “The Owl & The Wave,” bring out the best in each other. A poem written for a friend's wedding becomes a book.
Kid's book introducing a virtuous yet misunderstood hero of a legendary Lore Forest.  Melodic mutant prose and rich layered artwork
A children's book (4-9 yrs) about a kid from a small town who is inspired by a local race car driver to chase his own goals & dreams.
Steve Jobs loved to work with gadgets and art. 
So he gathered some friends, this was the start!
A picture book created to inspire the sense of possibility... this is the fantastical tale of a man who believed he could do anything.
A beautiful and scientifically accurate children's book about animals' adaptations to their habitats.
Join Clara as she tastes her way through the December Holidays with her two grandmothers, Grammy and Bubbe, and her cat Mittens.
A NEW 40-page book filled with heart, warmth, and rocketship wagons...from the award-winning cartoonist of Herobear and the Kid.
Follow Scott the Rabbit and his mother on their journey to learn about and gather all the ingredients to make Fettuccine Alfredo!
The Anastasia Pickering series is meant to be a teaching tool in values and life lessons for children ages 4-9. Book 1 teaches patience
Hi, I'm Cal & I am a Tooth Fairy. I need to rescue my friend Rooti who is being held by some Fairies who want to take over Fairy Land.
Larry and Friends is a story about immigration, friendship, love, and kindness, that celebrates diversity and support tolerance.
An exciting adventure about Hugo, an heroic elephant and his aeroplane, Wilco. Hooray for Hugo!
Our goal is to develop educational materials for students in the Chittagong Hill Tracts and build an anthology of their folktales.
Alpha Kids is all about the stories your children will love to read, and will help them to grow into the successful leaders of tomorrow
I have published a book titled Lady Lucy's Quest (Shires Press). I want to get copies into the hands of kids for free. Reading matters.
Every time a wish is made, a wishling is born. Follow the wishlings from planets to moons to the wishing star, where wishes come true.
A simple question - How Long WIll You Love Me? - with a wide variety of silly answers for young children and lovers of all ages!
A story for the inner children of the big kids. William explores ideas of love, identity, romance, truth and friendship.
Get outside with the coolest tool EVER!  A workbook/feild guide/lab book wrapped up in original art and a whole lot of fun!
"My Monster and Me" is a rhyming picture book for kids about acting out, personal responsibility, and taming the monster within!
Buster was a cat no one wanted, he came to live with me. While he was with me, I would wonder endlessly what put him in such bad shape.
I am creating a children's book with imaginative art and a special reminder to look at the world in awe, respect, and love.
A moustached anteater helps a down-on-his-luck café owner triumphantly succeed through tea and cake with a secret ingredient.
Oliver & the Tickle-Proof Pajamas is a story of a little boy who tries to find the right pajamas to protect him from his dad's tickles.
Picture book about a boy who tries to solve the great mystery, when his family’s 200-year-old grandfather clock suddenly stops working!
Stop making excuses why you can't go out and do the things you love, want or need to do. A fun book with a great message for everyone.
The ultimate goal of this project is to teach children the importance of saving money through an entertaining story they can relate to.
Chrysalis Phonics Books for beginning to emerging readers, with 12 books, in each set. We're expanding to a historic downtown location.
When children hear that a friend, classmate or neighbor has cancer, this comforting book can help answer questions & alleviate fears.
First book in a series about siblings who are Deaf & lead typical lives with a unique way of communicating in American Sign Language.
This book is about Jack, the world's smallest rhinoceros wrangler. Wherever rhinos are on the loose, Jack will be there.
This children's picture book aims to promote healthy eating and lifestyle through creative story telling
Baby chick's first day out of the egg. His comedic reaction to his first experiences.
We see Roy grow from child to adult, always loving sports.  Coach Roy inspires us as he faces cancer, treatments, and dying.
A shy, young boy discovers the unconditional love of a senior dog.
THE TREEHOUSE TREASURY is a picture book of paintings, prose and poems! Project includes a calendar, children's app and giclee prints.
A compassionate children's story book about divorce reminding children that one thing will always stay the same--they will be loved
Miss Chu's Story TIme is a delightful illustrated children's book about an eccentric and quirky story teller with a wild imagination.
Do you believe in Santa? This heartwarming holiday story is for every child.A magical snowglobe transforms a little boy's life forever!
Over 70 adventures in one interactive picture book - "A dragon lands right beside you. Yikes! Do you run like crazy? or hop on?"
Amanda wrote a children's book called "The Angry Kite".  Ethan Colyer drew the pictures. We want children and adults to see it!
An alphabet book that employs a vibrant animal collective to teach early learners about the different paths they can aspire to follow.
A beautiful ancient story, set in India, of a royal brother and sister headed for great things, deceived into abandoning their destiny.
Follow Abby, Zeke, & Ay2zee on a poetic journey, showcasing words that encourage, teach, & nurture. This alphabet isn't only for kids!
As a birthday present to Arthur, I would love to help him fulfill his dream of publishing his first childrens book.
Our successful K-8 program in Japanese drumming, integrates literacy through this book with QR codes to audio
Tristen Turtle knew he was different than the other turtles in his exhibit.
A fractured fairytale about the Big Bad Wolf as a young pup who learns to overcome his asthma and regain his "huff and puff"
Arthur Pendragon's Perplexing Predicament tells of young Arthur's first big decision as King: picking the shape of the castle table.
"The Lion & the Lyceum" is a children's book about a son learning his ABCs through images from the Ole Miss campus.
The real and imaginary story of Charles - a lovable "labradoodle" who was mistaken for a lion, and became famous worldwide.
My goal is to publish a FULL COLOR, FULLY ILLUSTRATED version of my book "Hopper's Furry".
This artful children's book is a coming of age story about friendship, adventure, and responsibility.
A fun and engaging way for children to learn their ABC's in a sing-songy way, while learning the ins and outs of being a pirate!
An uplifting book where magical fairies trade hair for hope for kids battling cancer.
This is a children's book that takes a fun jab at the stereotypes often held about what Muslims look like.
We're self-publishing a children's book. Frank Henry (3rd Grader) draws the drawings, & Uncle Dave colors them.  Frank's Dad helps too!
OUR ELECTRIC WORLD will take you on a visual odyssey through our dazzling and ever-changing technological landscape.
In the spirit of The Grinch Who Stole Christmas and Go the F@$# to Sleep, I give you The Night Before Krampus!
...This is a story about never giving up... All of the art and illustrations are by Anna Todaro
This book provides a tangible, practical way to teach children about the abstract concept of the Armor of God in a fun way.
This illustrated children’s book brings the beauty of international adoption to the entire family.
Plot. Character. Voice. Emotion. Leaf and Tree will be a self-published collection of talks on these subjects by a professional book editor.
Book and stuffed owl to help kids overcome nightmares and empower them to take charge of their minds and imaginations. 1st in a series.
The tale of an adventurous balloon's journey around the world + an awesome music CD & activity book where kids can be illustrators.
A rhyming adventure of besties that explores persistence in seeking  individuality while maintaining deep friendships over time.
This is a story about friendship and freedom--a story that will encourage all children to be the world changers they were born to be.
Book One: "Lady Bountiful & The Redstone Castle" sets the stage for historical fiction/magical realism stories about healing the past.
This is a story about friendship, about love, for children who know what it means to be loved, but especially for those who don't.
Imagination, creation, strength and humor.  
These are what little girls are made of.
A children's book about finding a way to express the love for the ones you have lost.
An ethereal picture book about the Nothing, the Something, and the Everything, and how they learned to create the world together.
Unique and fun lunch notes - full color book to snip and drop into lunch bags!  Illustrations in pen and crayon by Brian White
Captain Courage was created to help children overcome their fears and always have someone by their side.
Meet Growler the Wolf Pup and his family in a charming, rhyming photo picture book by Jenni Bidner. Ages 2 - 8 years old.
The Existential Giraffe is an illustrated children's book,  accessible and fun to the very young and interesting  to older audiences.
The Bumbly Bears are a group of bear brothers who go on fantastic adventures in search of honey and fun.
Creston Books works with talented authors and illustrators to keep the art of quality picturebooks alive and well!
Take a journey through Yellowstone where you will see an ecosystem restored to balance when its keystone species returns home.
Blank Slater is the ultimate outcast, an oddity with no face trying to find his place in this charmingly drawn all-ages fable
The plight of two kittens left abandoned.Learn how their courage leads them through adversity, to being rescued!
Mike Mulligan evades government regulators and a meddling little boy as he refuses to decommission his obsolete coal-burning shovel.
Leo and Leila are Manner Masters is a childrens book about the proper way to use manners through the use of exciting animal characters.
This fun story and art is about 3 friends and their disastrous journey of trying out government, and how they get back to beauty.
An illustrated children's book about baseball team names, the stadiums they play in and other facts. Each team will have their own page
A children's picture book that helps answer the difficult question that many kids of working moms have: why do you have to go to work?
The ABCs Steampunk style! 26 beautifully illustrated pages depicting everyday items turned Steampunk.
A beautifully illustrated children's Christmas book about the women who may have helped Mary give birth.  Just need help printing.
Max Spencer is very sick. But he doesn't let that hold him back. Follow along as he invents new ways out of a bad situation.
Modest Medusa learns to color in this all ages coloring, comic and activity book based on Jake Richmond's popular web comic!
A picture book written/illustrated by McKenna Aloisio discussing bullying using Louisiana's most valuable fishery, shrimp.
A 12-year old girl makes family connections with Michigan History and art.  Setting: Munising, MI; Pictured Rocks Nat'l Lakeshore.
Night can be a scary time for a child. "Sometimes Sleep" aims to arm children with loving and lush images to usher in contented sleep.
Authored by an Olympian, a story highlighting the importance of self awareness as young swimmers strive for their goals.
Ida Claire, a small pink sheep, embarks on a pirate adventure to search for treasure in this beautifully illustrated children's story.
One adorable little light bug has adventures, avoids danger, & meets a friend in this rich & rhyming children's picture book.
A counting book about the friendship between a Dragon and a Princess. Written by Erik Peterson and illustrated by Mina Sanwald.
Help fund the printing of Samantha Hatches the Chicken Egg, the 2nd book in the Samantha Series of Children's Chapter Books.
The Weatherbies are weather themed characters who just love adventures. Support this campaign to help create my 1st story book.
"Maya, Princess Scientist" is an eBook project with a constructive narrative about princesses and what they can contribute.
Have you ever felt like you lost your imagination and had absolutely no idea where to find it?
My book will allow every parent to bring home fairy magic so children won't have to ask if fairies are real. They'll already believe.
We never stop learning and we never stop growing. Join Little Darby Mouse as he sets out on the one journey that never ends.
Help promote literacy with the creation of another "Buckles the Snowman" book. For every book sold, one gets donated to a library!
This story allows readers to experience Cape Cod’s unique landscape, ocean, and animals through the eyes of a sharp witted dog.
Inspiring and empowering little girls with the power of imagination and following your dreams.
This is the second installment of the Adventure of Paperman series: a highly imaginative fantasy adventure book for children.
A picture book about Square Peg trying to fit in to her round world. A story that aims to teach children about the power of resilience.
This version of the Goldilocks story is about a little boy with sun-lightened hair who lives in the west African city of Accra, Ghana.
Awesome Princesses for Awesome Kids
I've written a book about an owl that's afraid of the dark, but I need to raise some money to get it published. Can you help?
The first book in a series of children's books focused around celebrating dogs, companionship, and owner diversity.
Animals Everywhere will highlight the talent of an artist with autism while entertaining young children with his wacky worldview. 
A yoga book for children that teaches them their own flow of poses to do at bedtime or anytime!
A children's early reader about a young bear, who wanted to be just like his dad, who was a champion wrestling bear. Follow his dream.
Contemporary Bible trading cards presenting scripture and images that kids will love to collect . . . Great for churches and families!
Explorey Stories shows families how to turn classic tales into unforgettable adventures by using items they can find in the home.
Cartoonist Stephanie McMillan is illustrating writer Derrick Jensen's first children's story. What have the bears done with Mrs. Johnson's yarn?
I am raising funds to print my first children’s book. Every little bit helps get us closer to our goal of inspiring children to read.
A book about children who are isolated from their peers and formulate their own perception of how others may see and treat them.
AdventurElla is a series of children's books dedicated to teaching children everyday life lessons through humor & illustrations.
Hands-on educational guide for parents who want their children to absorb Russian from the cradle as if they were raised in Russia!
Fun, Educational, Functional book for children between the ages of 4-10 about 3D printing toys
PaddleBoat are creating an original, beautifully illustrated children's storybook to accompany our family show 'According to Arthur...'
Help us teach others the meaning of Passover with Percival, the lovable Jewish pig.
Shakespeare for Kids book #6. Writing a reduced, VERY kid friendly, version of Much Ado, with some real Bard lines mixed in.
An adventure book that happens to be about math, or maybe a math book with a friendship story, or maybe the start of a revolution.
A super hip, fun, therapeutic book series for children ages 4-11, being used in the "tug of war" in a pre & post divorce environment.
The Desert Island Supply Co. gives students in the Birmingham area more opportunities to write. 
Hugo the Happy Starfish is an educational children’s book series by Suzy Liebermann featuring THE LAST BULLY and the Anti-Bully Club
This picture book adventure and plush toy will provide hope, comfort and healing to families coping with loss or illness.
An exciting new children’s book about bugs that come back from the dead. Ages 4-10. Written and illustrated by Stephen Zmina.
"A Fairy's ABC" a picture book with original illustrations by me, Janet O'Rourke with positive affirmations for young and old.
In less than a month, I will become a father for the first time! In celebration, I am creating an illustrated child birth book.
This children's picture book is a playful tool to help families engage in meaningful, honest conversations about Christian faith.
Greek and Roman constellation myths no more!  A reinvented star  story to inspire young and old to look up and wonder.
My fabulous grandmother Joan once decided to get a goose. This children's book tells the story of Joan and her pet Hector.
"If Dogs Could Do Chores" is an illustrated children's book exploring the imaginative idea of dogs doing the housework for you!
Johnathon J. Smith hopes to inspire student athletes with the release of his new children’s book.
32 pages of 8 1/2 x 11" ready to color images of fantasy adventuring ponies & pony monsters from the art of Lorraine Schleter.
A journey of love, value, and purpose that every girl and woman wants to make.
Alberta Curriculum based, designed to inspire little ones to learn about their city, it's people and culture in order to love it more!
Chef ReCee & Carb love to sing & bake! Then Veggie hops in & surprises them with a tune of her own in, "Our Picnic Surprise."
This Is An Adorable Story of a Angel Child That Comes To Earth To 
Teach Non-Bullying, Love, Kindness and Respect For One Another.
An adorable children's book describes the close connection between friends and family, how hugs both express and build that connection.
Enjoy Lulu the Labrador's beach adventure when she meets Pax the dolphin. 


Illustrated by Brian Martin
A fun children's book connecting two worlds through a new friendship.
Let your imagination run wild through the Northern woods, and learn about the unique tracks and habitats of the animals who live there!
Ending the cycle of racial discrimination by starting with our youth.
An adventurous moose breaks out of the zoo and goes on a search for a home.
Something Might Happen encourages kids to be brave, take risks and face their fears.
"Shimmer" is a drop who needs an adventure! Immerse your children in the hilarious adventures of a bored drop longing for adventure!
Follow Fey Fey from Chennai to Charlottesville as she falls in love with the traditions of India, in this Indo-American tale
Ivy would truly love a chance to tell her fans about herself. This summer she started working on her first children's book.
Uniquely Brave is a children's book written to help kids with disabilities understand, accept, and love their unique differences!
Suitable for 2 to 102! A little girl's unexpected journey discovers maybe we're not that different after all...
The idea is simple. The bond between a father and his child is very special. This short picture book celebrates that wonderful bond.
A children’s picture book about the remarkable lessons to be learned from a little girl named Tessa, who was born with Down syndrome.
Monster books and toys are fun and it is time for you to go out and get one.
Gabby, Cruzer & Honey is a delightful, colorful and even humorous children’s book about three animal friends trying to fit in.
Mischievous dragons are causing trouble everywhere in this picture book! Features detailed and whimsical, watercolor paintings.
Professor T. H. Fishtystix explains the history of the centuries old love affair between pugs and pancakes.
Sun, Sand, Sea, and SNOW?  Explore the antics as an enthusiastic child tries with all his might to make it snow in his island paradise.
Creating Haitian Creole versions of old folk tales - Haitian kids don't get the reading habit because they don't have story books!
A Series of Children's Books About Angels That We Meet in Life
A book for children about a little bluebird with a bad attitude who learns the benefits of loving kindness and good manners.
Engage kids and schools in the classics, NOT their iPhones or video games, with melodramatically funny Shakespeare for Kids!!!
Can't stand the refrain of "Vaccines cause Autism" anymore? Neither can I. Let's make a book about it, together!
"My Nana Is A Super Spy," delves into the imagination of a young boy, and how he perceives his Grandmother's aging.
Morale boosting stories, clothing, and accessories to educate and inspire children facing life's toughest challenges
Santa's Lonely Helper is a new Christmas tale that is sure to warm your heart and fill readers young and old with the Christmas Spirit.
Opposites attract! With the recurring line “My Mommy says”, these young ladies prove that different doesn't mean better!
A picture book for kids about what it's like to move from the only home you've ever known in a small town to a new life in the big city
A children's board book with beautifully illustrated babies in various yoga poses, alongside empowering verses.
I am creating a chance for children  to learn about disability and acceptance through story telling about a superhero in a wheelchair
"The Rainbow's Journey" is a colorful photography book that takes children on a dazzling journey across South and Southeast Asia.
This is the story of Zadie, her plain white alpaca & the fruit punch fiasco; it includes a child-safe dyeing & felted bead project.
Blue Pancake is a children's activity book series that is creative, fun, thoughtful, and curious-perfect for children ages 4-10!
A beachside story of wild waves and spectacular storms. GIVE SOME KIDS THE BIRD and help us take flight. A Fathers' Day favorite!
I have 2 new children's books coming out this autumn. I need to create promotional & marketing materials and create a website.
In this volume we find Abigail learning the importance of good dental hygiene & how to defeat the devil through Jesus' authority.
Our 10 year old found an endangered tortoise. Spots was returned to the wild, and a new book series was born.  Written by our daughter.
Based on a true story, this is a heart warming tale of love and caring for those in need. Good for all ages.
The Girl Chronicles tells the tale of two ordinary girls with bold hearts, set on creating a world where every girl can dream.
Shouldn't we all just Be Nice to others?! Help me talk to Elementary School children about the importance of just being nice!
Burple is Sasha's new best friend, and aside from the fact that he's three inches tall and purple, it's a friendship like any other.
This is a whimsical children’s picture book written in a fun rhyming style.  It’s perfect for young readers, parents and grandparents.
Tatay's Gift is a story about a little boy who learns from his dad that true happiness comes from a life of giving.
This fantastical story is about what can happen when children let their imagination take them to extraordinary places!
The Tale of Imani the Bunny is the story of one rabbit’s journey to herself; it invites you to explore, learn, grow, and become.
A heartfelt children's book about one man’s legacy, and the wonderful things he grew.
Creations By Baby J takes part in writing and publishing books with everyday lessons for children of all ages.
Xeric Award winning comic creator and webcartoonist seeks sexy and intelligent backers to fund two related floppy comics (you know, the good kind).
Leonard is the story of a man who dreams all the dreams for all the worlds children and his dog that delivers them.
A sweet, colorful tale of self-discovery, adventure and wonder!
Poverty, drought, a community in crisis and a brave little deer who stumbles right into the middle of it.
Children's books with environmental, ecological and healthy living themes
My children's book about recycling requires a professional review so it may be included on distribution lists for Libraries and Schools
Boomish just made another little boo-boo, only this time it might cost everyone in the Bewhiskered Lands their desserts- forever!
This creation story sparkles with joy, wisdom & insight. You may never think about God, creation, or yourself in quite the same way.
A refreshing book about adventure, courage, and true friendship, written beautifully by a 14-year-old.
A story of transformation to spark the unique light within each reader.  It's time to shine!
Board book geared toward babies and toddlers to encourage little ones to wear glasses. A challenging concept at this young age!
A poetic story about a seed in the gentle gusts of the wind, traveling  through Mother Tree, New Family, and ending with Forever roots.
A scientific concept made easy and fun. Help us get this educational picture book into the hands of children everywhere!
The Dinosaurs Did It is a beautifully illustrated, easy-to-read book for young children who love dinosaurs. A must-have at bedtime!
This uproarious, action packed story about a dog who has had too much sugar, parallels our modern world of excessive sugar consumption.
Celebrate the seasonal cycle and  nurture a child's imagination as you journey with Owlet through the winter woods on Solstice night.
Go on a journey with Ruby Pricklebottom the hedgehog as she learns about PKU (Phenylketonuria). Ruby will help educate about PKU!
This children's book teaches the value of family time through the eyes of a busy family man and a wise whale.
This kids book is full of color,laughter & is an easy read for all ages to enjoy.It sends the message about the love of our good Father
A children's rhyming picture book about a boy and his loving family's bedtime routine that is, well, not so routine.
Elijah "Lucky" Miller did more than carry bats for Josh Gibson and the Homestead Grays. He lived a century of baseball history.
World Record triathlon/backwards marathon juggler writes a children's book inspiring kids to "juggle through the challenges of life."
Noah's wacky adventures in the ark that sails the seas
A children's book about a loveable elephant who's struggling to find a pair of shoes that are JUST RIGHT for him!
This heart warming children's book, captures a little boy's true love and admiration for his stuffed bunny Hippity!
A children's book about the wild adventures of a Pit Bull rescued by an upscale New Yorker.
"Remember When" follows a young girl as she faces and conquers the familiar challenges of growing up.
This is the story of a crayon trying to find his place in the crayon box.
The story? The kids'. The words and drawings? Mine. This book sprang out of my participatory workshop at the Madison Children's Museum.
This fully-illustrated book follows twin otter boys as they discover the magic that comes from protecting what's most important.
Help to fund a literacy project and the first community lending library in Dharavi, the largest slum in Asia.
A new children's book for all, celebrating the people and life of  KC.  By Angela Kmeck & John Hare
Inspired by a real therapy dog, this exquisite picture book is about finding one's unique strengths and creating a positive difference.
Spread the spirit of love and gratefulness through this endearing Christian children's book that families will enjoy for generations!
Science can be more fantastical than fiction! This children's book uses verse and illustration to tell amazing stories about evolution.
Partnering with tribes in Eastern Africa, Teach Twice will create children’s books capturing their traditional narratives and artwork.
Broccoli Chronicles delves into the mind of ten-year-old Myrtle Beckle, a vegetable nerd, who plants broccoli seeds in her backyard.
I'd love to self-publish a charming book full of colorful illustrations, following the adventures of a courageous little field mouse.
The book alerts individuals that they are more than they seem. God has a plan for you. Trust Him. You will fly higher than you dreamed.
We all want to be happy, but life can turn rough. This book will teach color, share smiles, lots of stuff! You're color, that's enough.
Bright, soul-filled photography book of global children that will appeal to all ages. Sing-along and smile!
I wrote a love poem to my daughter that I am making into a children's book dedicated to other kids of mixed ancestry.
Arts & Dreams: The book! Showing children how to love themselves and make empowering art. It will be read and shared in our workshops.
Turning my story "Kip and Knor" into a wonderfully illustrated children's book full of rhyming and alliteration.
coloring book of cool creatures with little houses hidden on them, each and every creature deserves a home, help it come to be. donate
Publishing children's workbooks on how to monitor, understand, and manage stress, anger and difficult emotions without violence.
Farmer Dreams is a book that teaches children (and adults alike) how to seek their inner poetry and self love during life's dry spells.
"Icarus the Flying Pig" is the story of a pig who follows his dream although everyone else believes he will fail.
'This Little Piggy' illustrates little piggies going to the market and staying home...but what about the piggies on the other foot?
My mom, Irma Fallon, is 72 years old. It is her lifelong dream to publish a children's book and this is your opportunity to help!
Our children inspire us every day, we just have to see the world through their eyes - A 6 Year old dreams of being a writer.
Clever Carter educates children about Autism; it teaches commonalities, encourages acceptance, inclusion and understanding.
“Kylie & Kip” is a children's book about two kids who live by the beach, and enjoy life in the sun and sand while meeting new friends.
Join ONE on a meaningful journey of infinite potential & become apart of the story through a special interaction at the end of the book
Het Nieuwsgierige Vosje is een speels (voorlees)boekje dat bedoeld is voor leergierige kinderen van twee tot zes.
Edit the book I wrote for middle school aged children about a boy with an immune disorder. I want to educate as well as entertain kids.
A picture book that encourages children who are currently in abusive environments.
Take a journey through the alphabet and discover what magic the world of music holds, with your host Geoffrey Munn.
Last year I taught kids English in Korea. Instead of teaching a book that already exists, we decided to write and illustrate our own.
Beastie is a super-cool fine and feisty feline with lots of cattitude and
he wants to be immortalized in a really lovely little book
A Biblical tale retold in a fun, childlike way, that will help eager young minds learn about God, loyalty, and obedience.
Just in time for Christmas 2012!  Bringing cultural awareness to children through a time-honored tradition.
An encouraging and inspiring story about a boy and his dog on a journey of self discovery to the whimsical land of their imagination.
A children's alphabet book based on OR-7, "Journey," the first wolf back in California in nearly a century. Illustrated in watercolor.
A wild and whimsical story about animals at the zoo. 
They don't just live close together, they wear hats - yes, they really do!
Rebecca Emberley introduces "two little birds" a hybrid children's book imprint, that seeks to give a book for every book we sell.
An interactive story about a kid whose parent travels a lot for work. Personalize the story and share with far away loved ones!
Growing Up Humming is a photo illustrated true story of two Anna's hummingbird chicks growing up on the nest.
26 different poems, 26 different genres, covering 26 different occupations, for each letter of the alphabet! Makes poetry fun!
I'm giving a hand-painted sculpture of "The Angry Little Puffin" to every school I do an author-visit with this year!
Olivia & Oliver teach children why & how to protect their life sustaining liver, and empower them to adopt healthy lifestyle behaviors.
We're creating a big party in print and digital book/CD format, so everyone can join the fun! Sing along on a journey of a cupcake.
Mama Bird is the story of a baby bird who is too afraid to fly but with encouragement from Mama Bird, baby bird learns to fly!
Help make my first children's book, The Milk Monster a success!
God's "saving grace" made plain, through a children's book....
A unique, fully rhyming, beautifully illustrated book about a Bristolian owl gets published and lots of schoolchildren get a free copy.
A different kind of story book that explores the noisy space between book, music and Neebles. PLUS: Backers choose the illustrator!
Within a forgotten dollhouse with a crayon fence, a little girl decides to face her fears and confront the dark world outside her home.
Combine your face with a cartoon face and see what happens :) Have fun & laughs with your kid while learning about the face's features.
Peek into a wild, colorful fairytale, painted and unpainted by the galloping Yooms and the soaring Royal Sunbirds of Saint Magoo.
The Radventures of Radimus Platypus vol.1 The Hatch, is a fun and exciting rhyming tale of a stoked board riding platypus.
Contemporary book that opens the alphabet by exceptional words that stress a language revival while pairing painting, poetry and design
Giana & Shelly - a little girl and her pet zombie, Shelly - what could go wrong? A book and dolls to share with your twisted offspring.
Carrotman is a great story with a meaningful message, that teaches children how and why not to waste food.
A Monthly Adventure for your imagination!
An electric tale of friendship between a savvy, cajun girl and rock 'n' roll octopus that fight sea devastation caused by an oil spill.
Based on eight popular Korean folktales, Clever Swallow takes young readers on adventures during its journey to the South.
A beautiful illustrated poetry book for children & for the child in all of us.
One little girl.  A lot of big dreams.  Somehow they all fit in this illustrated book aimed at logic development in children.
A Childrens book meant to enlighten, entertain, and inspire. 
Created in the 19th Century Classical Style without the use of computers
Take the completed book and print a beautiful color children's book and matching sets of bubble gum cards.
The story of a young superstar who is unfairly punished for his actions and is forced to throw a minor tantrum to set things straight.
Sam & the Adventure is the magical story of a young boy who goes in search of an adventure and ends with a light-hearted twist.
In each story, Robo the robot dog befriends a child who helps him gather a clue to the mystery of who built him and why.
A beautifully illustrated fun bilingual children's book that teaches language, culture and moral ethics in a fun way.
Children's/kid's picture book. The tale of a cat, a garden and making a new friend.
Teaching life skill techniques through the use of flip books to children, villages and those in need. No internet needed, just a hand!
The second novel from the world of Harmony Boom Island. An ensemble story about an average day with the world's strangest creatures.
A humorous and brilliantly illustrated zombie guide.
In this book you'll read about a wonderful friendship using rhymes and colorful pictures.
Oh no, Rudi Rainbow is all black and white! In this app, kids help Rudi retrieve his lost colors and learn a lot about the weather.
We've combined our passion for picture books, nature and conservation in the story of Pogwin.
A series of children's picture books introducing the origins of classic monsters beginning with "I am the Frankenstein Monster!"
A lavishly illustrated adventure about the magic of prisms, the nobility of sacrifice, and discovering the colors of the rainbow.
This illustrated children's book is an endearing story of love, friendship and adventure shared by a grandmother and granddaughter.
Educating kids about 19th century history and literary characters through the adventures of Prince Albert and his young friend Jack.
Bernie the Barnyard Chicken becomes less of a chicken and more of a hero in this fun and heartwarming children's book.
Children's book telling the story about a squirrel that fell from a tree, and found a new mother and home that day.
McTavish the Haggis leaves his Scottish glen for a dream, meets new friends and discovers his own special ability to get home again.
A full color children's book by Neal Bailey and Robin Robinson exposing the diabolical evil secrets that parents hide from kids!
Can Albert really be the biggest dog anyone has ever seen?  That’s hard to say, since so far no one has actually managed to see him…
An illustrated book about the unlikely interspecies friendship of a duck and an alligator on the opposite ends of the food chain.
This book is a fairytale about a boy's journey to find his fortune, and the wonderful characters he meets along the way.
A story about transforming the discarded into the divine.
Here's the trailer for "AL and TEDDY," the first book published by Dream Yard Press, a new publisher of children's books in the Bronx.
This is book tells a little about each President in rhymes and illustrations.
Jenessa starts Kindergarten this year and wants to be able to share with her classmate all that makes her, her through her book.
Polly is the story of a gregarious horseshoe crab on a journey of self-realization.
Help fund "Little Flowers of St. Francis of Assisi" a colorful illustrated children's book with prayers reflecting on each tale.
Maury C. Moose is a children's book with puns, rhymes and quirky animal characters written for parents and kids to enjoy together!
An original fairytale: The Red Queen is infamous for her temper and selfish ways until her routine is disrupted by one little cat...
Kid Kazooey’s song, The 3 Eyed Dragon, set to illustrations by cartoon artist, Joe Lee. A knight, a princess, a dragon, and a twist!
Poe is one of the greatest storytellers ever, and you'd like to share him with your kids.  But isn't he too scary? Li'l Eddie can help.
An ebook collection of Silverstein-inspired poems, to add weird fun and deranged delight to your child's (or the child in you's) life.
A collaborative, story-making endeavor to publish 50 books created by 50 children with critical illnesses across the 50 states.
An inspiring book featuring the adorable Cheeky Chats and real-life role models for girls of all ages.
Working with 50 students from the Searcy County, Arkansas, we are going to publish a collection of stories written by children.
Help 9 year old Piper fulfill her dream of publishing her first book!  Money raised will go towards printing costs of the first run.
The Bluest Blue Jay is a story about loving and accepting those around us for their differences. A message needed now more than ever.
My goal for 2015 is to complete a series of children's books I began in 2004 and bring those books to two children's book conferences.
A picture book of poems focused on conservation & imagination. Teaching children about the sea & protecting the planet through poetry!
Help bring into the world a wonderful children's poetry book - with fabulous illustrations, and printed in a dyslexia - friendly way !
A children's tale about the joy of catching fireflies and the greater joy of releasing them.
A collaboration between writer Andrew Lapham Fersch and artist Penn Sultan. A story about right, wrong, and the field in-between.
Fizz is a fish with a bad reputation, but really he is a lover with a great taste for adventure!
Space-Rover's journey through the galaxies launches with this full-color, 42-page children's book! Book 1 in a new series.
Noodles' & Albie's Birthday Surprise is our fun penguin picture book adventure about two best friends that save the day in a cool way.
Gordon knows that sometimes x = y and this frustrates Gordon's English teacher. But sometimes x = 3y and this frustrates her more.
Stephen is a year old when he first visits the beach. A SEE Gull helps him discover from a "bird's eye view."
Jesus came to save the world. Let's make sure children everywhere know that. Help us translate our apps into different languages.
Adventure & treasure await as players move the story's characters on the actual pages of the board book. For families, ages 4 and up.
Ruger Tails is a true story based on the quirky, unique, funny, and extremely lovable pound dog named Ruger.
Creative, powerful, and with a message: WE LOVE YOGA children's books created by Artist Tove Ohlander & Yoga Teacher Susan Cline Lucey.
Join Freddie the Fish on this fun, educational intro to Boston's rich contributions to the birth of America, along the Freedom Trail
Follow Simon on this journey to share sunshine with his world, all while taking action yourself to create sunshine in your world!
I hope to make a limited edition of my pop-up book “Gypsy Circus”. I need funding for the experts who can help me make it press ready.
This is a children's book about a child who make up stories of why they do not want their bedroom door closed at night.
One little girl learns the value in getting to know a classmate just a little bit better.
An educational book for children highlighting how the internet impacts our society in a fun, easy-to-read, 24-page hardcover format.
The first eBook of a children's book series to help children build positive relationships with their pets & learn valuable life lessons
This silly, musical, children's book shows a whacky dog, "Jazzy Taz", encountering a germy world and encourages him to cover his cough!
Barry the bear lives in his cave by the sea. Find out what happens when he discovers an old redwood log and learns how to surf.
The captivating illustrations and unique story of CRAVES can be used to introduce young readers to topics like cravings and addiction.
Help create 'Love Your Trace', the first in a series of visionary children's books by Maura Starr from Root Down Grow Up
"Jellybeans Morning, Noon & Night" is an illustrated children’s book about two brothers who share a love for jellybeans – ALL of them!
Book #2 is finally here and I need your help to make it happen!
Unique illustrations united with Biblically accurate storytelling & plush toys to inspire kids to know & enjoy history's best stories
This beautifully illustrated book about Santa and his unconditional love for all children is a must have for the Christmas season!
The Bookmobile provides free/convenient access to books for students during the summer months to help them achieve their reading goals.
This is a book about a 10-year-old boy named Joey and how he finds the magical culprit who keeps stealing his lunch.
A beautiful, bilingual, lighthearted childhood adventure for a young girl, with many immersive cultural elements and a little mystery.
Nonfiction children's book sharing the beauty, history, & unique ecology of the fascinating Longleaf pine forest & its inhabitants.
Saying good-bye to a friend is never easy. But when that friend is going on the trip of a lifetime, it's a little easier to let go.
This is a  picture book addressing mental health, coping skills, and Native American cultural practices for children 8 to 12 years old.
Rachel is a headstrong girl who insists on doing things HER way.  But all behavior has consequences -- even for princesses.
A children's book that reminds and instills the belief that young kids can become anything they want to be...even President
Do you enjoy a beautiful day at the beach? So does Charlie Crab. This is a wonderful children's story with good moral examples.
Lions, pirates and a new kid from Jupiter. Gracie is figuring out her superpower and Stanky's shaking off the baby blanky label.
12 Pugnacious Penguins is a counting book with poems and illustrations for children and some humorous text for adult readers.
A book to engage children with the natural world, to delight in the amazing wildlife of the Tibetan Plateau
A fast paced historical fiction based on the life of a real family's perseverance. Encouraging and inspiring for middle school age.
We've created a literary platform with an educational edge and now want to bring it to the masses via a Web app. Thanks for your help.
An illustrated book telling the true story of a whimsical & effective retort to a racist rally. The KKK meets the Coup Clutz Clowns...
FINAL HOURS!! A series of illustrated childrens book to allow families to enjoy spending time together sharing classic fables.
Six little girls find the "majesty" of their diverse cultural heritages.
Quentin panics when he overhears his mother say his imagination sometimes "begins to run away." Now he must use it in order to keep it.
We help families in crisis by offering them shelter in our own home. Teach empathy, dispel stereotypes, and connect the Bible to today.
Oscar isn't just any short-lived octopus. He's an eco-adventurer whose tentacles help him to take off and change the world!
A treasured keepsake for families as a reminder of happy times together and their love for each other.
I need help illustrating "The Garden", a children's book I'm writing for my nephew.
The Adventures of Stickman is all about motivating children to go explore new adventures and have the courage to try new experiences.
This is a fun and educational story about a little girl who hates brushing her teeth and the consequences she will face! (ages 3-5)
My son, since he was 3, has been creating stories about Sheepland.  Now he is 8 and he wants to bring them together and publish.
A young prince has a hard time finding happiness, despite his good fortune. He embarks on a journey of adventure and self-discovery.
Santa's Greyhound is a heart-warming tale about a dog that lives at the North Pole and dreams to one day pull Santa's sleigh.
"The Courageous Adventure of Lilly Hilltopper" tells the story of a little girl who makes a big difference.
An affirmation of creativity, life, and joy at age 80:  The Justabear Children's Book Project with Phyllis Murillo
A Magical Way To Ignite Your Children’s Imagination! A book for children 3-8 yrs old about the amazing magician, Richy Roy.
Yearbook for the Standard 7 Primary School Class of Veternary Primary School in Dar es Salaam, Tanzania.
Aidan loves to share his stories with the world. With 2 plays under his belt, he is now working on publishing his first book!
A story coloring book of Freddie the Runaway Cow who chooses to run for his life and wins...
A creepy and cuddly companion to the insanely popular Lovecraft themed alphabet board book.
Shine kids you're talented, gifted and blessed go follow your dreams is a poem that I am inspired to make into a children's 
book.
Picasso once said,"...all children are artists...." Help us as we celebrate  & share the gift of art for kids by kids!
A funny children's book about a girl who conquers her fear of potty training by talking to an expert in the field of poop, her Daddy!
Power down your device, and build a mini airplane with that free app card from SBUX. Then wow your kid with a tale of Christmas magic.
An illustrated book for children about little people making big ideas happen
A book that helps elementary aged children understand what their friend and classmate faces after being diagnosed with cancer.
A heartwarming holiday tale of the Cthulhu Mythos. Fun for anyone who has the heart of a child (whether in a jar or still beating).
"Oh, Sully" depicts an adventurous whale struggling with accepting his identity and finds it while attempting to be someone he's not.
This book aims to create a space for children (and adults!) to experience China's unique and wonderful food through the eyes of kids!
An interactive children's book unlike any other. Help Benjamin Brewster blow Dandelions to keep the school bullies at bay.
Doing video & audio versions of the book "The Girl Who Had a Big Adventure - Cancer, Chemo & Cupcakes" by 9 year old cancer conquerer
Children love the elegantly simple illustrations, while those who read to them enjoy the profound and multi-faceted storyline.
Old timey crooner reincarnated as a four leaf clover gets to know the locals in the garden he has just sprung up in. Votecard #4
This is the Story of Paul the Poo, Paul is just a nice poo living in Crapsvile but his world turns upside down when he starts School.
The true story of Millie, a sweet little pup, who has to overcome adversity and illness in her search to finally have a good day.
"The Tickles" is an indie children's book publishing effort by two creatives who want to print and deliver this book to your door!
A beautiful story about the trials and triumphs of growing up. Written in rhyme, this book will be an instant classic for ages 2 - 102.
Lyra and Fig's Short Tails will be a collection of short stories featuring two very different canine sisters, Lyra and Fig.
I am a mechanical engineering student with three children, and I want to make books to teach children engineering in an enjoyable way.
It's an alphabet book that aims to help us share what we do with the kids in our life, and spark children's interest in coding.
I wrote the first four books of the Peter Black series during 2005-2007 and I've now redesigned the first book ready for global success
The Adventures of Elvis the Pug: a children's book series based on our funny family pet
Young Max is gets separated on a hike with the family and is comforted by Elsie the talking tree.  One day the lumber jacks come...
A collection of at least 5 oral Rwandan stories from the Pygmy people will be illustrated and published.
There's plenty of books for mothers, fathers, grandmas & grandpas - what about the Aunt? This one is for all the professional aunties!
The first comprehensive scientific study of Tickle Monsters, their habitat, modes of tickling, and classification tree.
Aallottta is about a little girl who had a lot of eyes, a lot of ears, a lot of everything, except for a lot of friends.
Learn how to draw 26 spooky characters using letters from the alphabet in this fun filled book of haunts.
This beautifully illustrated children's book tells an emotional story about Alzheimer's Disease through the eyes of a granddaughter.
Sumsin and Flower is a story about appreciating what you have when you have it. © 2004
We want to share our story with other kids in a book about baby kangaroos. They are fun, cute, and friendly but belong in the wild.
Bedtime Travels is a developmental adventure series that opens a child's mind by teaching the wonders of our world, exploring new cultu
Pic stands for pictures while tion stands for creation.  We believe the child can be the illustrator of our unique books.
Eli the Horsefly delivers an important message to children; to not give up and believe in themselves, in a fun and entertaining story.
A children's book that will teach about respect. Many more of its kind to come.
This is a line of children safety books designed to help , teach and inspirer . STOP DROP AND ROLL can save lives with the safety step
A military book designed by a military member for military brats! A story of  Leonardo's first PCS and Deployment.
These teachings come from Traditional Elders who not only have a wealth of cultural knowledge. Intended to share with all walks of life
The goal of the Learning How To Deal Series.... Is to Teach Educators, Parents & Students, How to work with children with disabilities.
Bebop uses her imagination to travel to her best friend Owlie's birthplace, Thunderbolt Town, for transformative adventures.
Can Angel escape the Mean Family and have the magical Christmas that she has dreamed of? Find out in this new Christmas picture book!
Learning the colour scheme has never been more fun and innovative for children (and adults) with this unique photo-illustration book.
The first in a series of early reader guides that connect young kids with the natural world around them.
A riotous kid's book on the fun, healing and restorative power of kid's pretend-play!
A new illustrated children's book series about dogs who help others in incredible ways.
Dreams, determination and self-reliance. At 9, Addy, in her voice, takes kids on her true adventures in the sport of archery and life.
A new twist on the classic children's story and song "8 Little Monkeys", updated for older kids and  today's fixation with the Undead!
The Falcon: A Children's Book is an extended adaptation from the stop-motion, animated short The Falcon.
Written by an inmate serving two life sentences, a young girl must sneak two kites into prison to celebrate her dad's birthday.
This is a two-book series for children 5-12 to learn Chinese.
Our choices determine where we end up in life. Come along on Ritt's adventure as he becomes a giant in a world of smalls.
When Rock unexpectedly crashes into Possum's life, a friendship is formed that has more to it than meets the eye.
The story takes us inside a young boys fantasy, wherein he imagines his teeth as a amazing playground that needs to be cleaned.
Help us print a 9 book set of beginning readers with cool art for kids and get your own awesome set of Home Grown Books! Check it out!
Goose loves his pond, neighbors and Santa Claus, but a few hillbilly humbugs want to see him stuffed on their table as a Christmas roast! 
Monsters Royale is a book of original monster illustrations and poems, influenced by Japanese yokai folklore and kaiju films.
Ellie & Starlight is an environmental picture book about a little girl called Ellie and her best friend Starlight the polar bear.
Horace is on a mission to find his hidden talents. Its hard to shine in a circus family, but luckily he is a rather special boy.....
Peter is a boy with an active imagination, and it's beginning to get the best of him.
Within a forgotten dollhouse with a crayon fence, a little girl decides to face her fears and confront the dark world outside her home.
Help children learn another language before they can read or even talk!
Early years + audio wand + special books + your pledges = MAGIC
TWO Bold, designed, typographical, simple illustrated books with strong story for children and adults AND a matching interactive App.
Every spring, the nasty Bean Goblin wakes up hungry and mad. He craves beans and no one better get in his way. Children's book!
Allow me to propose a toast, 
to funny poems and amazing art! 
Step right in to learn all about baddie bags and boobie trees!
A digital storybook with interactivity and games, sparking kids interest in conservation and alternative energy sources.
A paper boat takes a fantastical voyage on a magical river. Despite a turbulent journey, it connects two children a world apart.
Bring to life a short children's book about bathrooms, dresses, camouflage, gender roles, and how we really know if someone is a girl.
Miss Spell is a wondrous way of teaching HOMOPHONES. Miss Spell is a mischievous Princess with magical powers! Teachers will love her!
The series will be about Karma, a corgi who loves to help her owner cook. Each book will include a recipe for both people and pups!
A beautiful and inspiring book about a boy's journey through many landscapes and emotions ultimately finding himself and happiness.
I believe kids are great story tellers. Sometimes they just need a little spark. We create the sparks, their imagination does the rest.
The Turtle Who Was A Boy is a children's book about a boy who decides to become a turtle and to find his place in the world.
A children's book about a sloth who searches a new city for a place he fits in and his adventures during the journey.
An ABC book that uses gorgeous astronomical images to expose young children to a little astronomy. For iPad.
A TRUE SURVIVOR STORY & happily ever-after wagging dog tale of a PUPPY MILL MOM. It raises awareness of animal cruelty & inspires kids!
Astronauts onboard the space station are reading books to the children of Earth, and conducting exciting science experiments!
Help Jon-Lorond come to life in this imaginative picture book about a boy, his mom and a rascally band of pirates.
Colors is a new children's book that teaches color theory through imaginative storytelling and a fun interactive coloring book.
The Wündershop wants to bring three revolutionary animated storybook apps to life!
Stevie The Hoposaurus tells the epic tale of a hopping dinosaur and his struggle to live in a world of non-hopping dinosaurs.
Ambitious & unique handmade picture book for kids & art lovers about a little town & its pint-sized, candy-starved, zombified citizens!
A heartwarming, wholesome Christmas story ready to find its way into the hands of kids of all ages. Help make it a Christmas classic.
Kids LOVE reading with Little Red! Interactive fairy tale for iPad helps children learn to read while exploring culture and heritage.
To raise awareness & solve problems kids might have with themselves, inspired by Marine Biology, Psychology and my own childhood.
Want to teach your baby to code? Start here!
The story of a young boy on a journey to meet his 
beloved mother once again.
The Ocean Calls is an eco-adventure tale of empowerment, Illustrated by Disney-trained artist Casey Robin
This book was inspired by a love for the environment and a desire to instill curiosity in nature upon the next generation.
Frytanic is the first book featuring the Condiment Dragons. A funny new series spawned from a girl's imagination, realized by her dad.
Zoe goes searching for the Space Needle after it disappears amidst Seattle's massive growth. Then, she meets the Amazocalypse...
2 Illustrated children's ebooks teaching some of the important lessons of life.
It is an imaginative children picture book. First time I combine 3D puppet with 2D digital illustration.
A young girl who fancies herself princess of the realm discovers a door leading to a dungeon where she must escape an evil huntress.
"Do Something Wonderful!" That is the theme of the children's book Halley's Halo, about a poodle who survives cancer.
"Sorry, I am an Image thinker" is both a collection of research on dyslexia and a visual alphabet book for image thinkers
Beep Beep Yarr! is a children's book that teaches computing through storytelling.
Previously unseen project – a series of four interactive children's books written and illustrated by blind and visually impaired.
An illustrated children's book addressing the issues of bullying in a creative and compassionate manner.
A lovely bedtime read to help soothe children to sleep, especially those afraid of the dark, beautifully illustrated using papercraft.
A Collection Of Fairy Tales And Fables To Help Explain Nature Around Us, As Well As Several Moral Lessons.
Spread the spirit of love and gratefulness through this endearing Christian children's book that families will enjoy for generations!
Help Max, the Kangaroo Superintendent and the other wild animals construct a high rise tower in this wild, interactive, picture book.
Debut author Kalvin Klaus invites you to be part of his literary venture: THE GUARDIAN MANIFESTO BOOK TOUR ▼ COMING SEPTEMBER 2014
A wildly funny, poetic story that helps children learn about the dangers of feeding their pets strange things.
40 page coloring book about a dog that saved me from danger!  Educational, adventurous, funny! For ages 7+ Also illustrated by me!
Created for the youngest generation of explorers, our guides help make their adventures both memorable and educational.
Are you ready for the journey of a lifetime and beyond? Awaken your inner hero with Chrysalis - an augmented reality story for all ages
Yogi Pals Book Series delivers valuable yoga-based life skills to young children through a colorful cast of Rainforest characters.
Bring a fun, eye-catching book into children's lives and help teach them the importance of Food Safety. Food Safety is In Your Hands!
A customised children's book where you can pick your 2 favourite languages. Ready to discover London in a fast-paced adventure?
Thousands of tweens play roller derby and experience the strength and confidence it brings. This series brings that to ALL girls.
The ROBOT Harvard thought he had the life until he realized he had no one to share the fun with.
The Amazing Adventures of the Princesses from Planet STEM saga continues!  Help girls get excited about STEM careers here w/ book 2!
CHILDREN'S BOOK STORY ABOUT TWO KILLER WHALE SISTERS WRITTEN AND ILLUSTRATED BY ARTIST AND FORMER KILLER WHALE TRAINER BRANDEN LOETZ
A famous sleuth is called upon to solve a missing pie caper. Can the mystery be solved? And will the pie be found in time?
A groundbreaking middle grades graphic novel. Jam-packed with 200 pages of engaging illustrations, stories, & comics.
Love the Little House books? Here’s your one-stop reference source for pictures, explanations, music, history, and more.
From "The Handsome Princess" story, "I like to use my imagination when I play. I can be anything I want, and that’s okay."
Publishing Children's Picture books feat LGBT characters with aim to promote and nurture equality from early age.
Maynard spends a typical morning with his mother.  Turn the flap to find out what Maynard may (or may not) do!
I may have the cutest dog on the planet, just putting it out there... so I've written a book about her to help kids enjoy being dinky!
Doodle is an iPad book in the spirit of the classic "Harold and The Purple Crayon", but now your child is holding the crayon.
For years I’ve had my Augustus the Anteater book literally sitting on the shelf. It is time. I want to see this book published-FINALLY!
This project is so special to me.  It means way more than just a book.  It is a philosophy to be comfortable in yourself.
Fun kids books everyone can relate to!
I have an adorable children's book with an illustrator who is working diligently to bring it to life. Help this work see the light!
From the author/illustrator of Once In A While, Everyone Loses, comes the second book in the series, teaching kids about Holidays.
A book trilogy about a house full of pets in crazy underpants who travel the world, fly round the solar system and play in a rock band!
Perfect for dads! A book celebrating all the different hugs a dad shares with his children. But which is the best hug of all?
Fun and educational cartoon books for children
A Hanukkah book for Jewish children with plush doll that entices children into good behavior using chocolate gelt as the reward.
Our book is aimed at empowering our youth with the knowledge that being different is not a bad thing! Anyone can make a difference!
This book is meant to to entertain and make little ones laugh.
The Thing In The Basement is a picture book for kids and adults. It has fun and creepy imagery, dark undertones, and it all rhymes!
The last house we spotted was old and gloomy, there were no trees and no flowers were blooming.
Bilingualism enhance a child’s working memory, + brain’s executive function, + multi-tasking  “+ creativity and +professional success.
Copper's Story is the 4th book in a series of children's books published by a rescue to help not only animals but children in need.
A therapeutic children's book explaining separation to young children including helpful guidance for parents.
This book is about reading and learning the most important words, sharing between adult and child at a distance (e.g. military)
Our project is designed to provide every child attending "Story Time with Cookie-LIVE" with a FREE signed book, dvd because of you.Thks
Delightful tales of a traditional English village - a read out loud bedtime story - join the ever so slightly magical Emily Penbear
School art should be more than "Hand Turkeys," This book teaches kids how to understand and create abstract and expressionistic ART!
The Clue Hunter book series is a new take on your old favorite Search & Find books. Remember the clues, Search, and Find!
Sustainable water education taught by the underwater adventures of Billy Bass. Presented through a poetic and artsy children's book.
Help me start a legacy of financial literacy through story.
Meet Prince Epal and Allie Cation.
A young rabbit overcomes adversity to build a life for himself on the high seas as a pirate rabbit, fighting injustice along the way.
Love story for life ..... connecting with the ones you love most when you are apart.
Phase 1
10 Super Food Hero's help a little girl learn how she can be a Super Kid with the help of their activated super powers.
Uh-Oh! Vowels are missing!!!! Someone took all of the precious vowels!!! How are we going to live without vowels!?!
Scrapbooks that celebrate child’s unique story & cultivate family appreciation. Profit goes to charity connecting orphans w/families.
Seemingly simple children's story with a fun TWIST!
The Ugly Boss book series will teach our kids how to become GREAT bosses by sharing illustrated stories with leadership lessons.
I am trying to publish a series of books for my little princesses
A Children's story book that shares insight on how to conquer nightmare troubles using a little bit of magic and a lot of common sense.
Share in the adventure of a cute pair. Experience a day in the life of a boy and his dog as they explore and have tons of fun together.
Written in Dr. Seuss rhyming style, this book is about pet adoption, recycling, nutrition, freedom, creativity and gratitude.
An exciting comic-style children's book about a kid superhero who discovers his power comes from plants, especially tofu.
Cindy Lewis has several children's books published on Amazon with her Charlie series. She now wants to move to mainstream publishing.
My Boys and I wrote a phenomenal book that we hope pierces the heart of every young man who reads! Please support our effort!
In this followup to the book, Nothing Special, it is the Triangle's turn to both learn and teach us all an important lesson.
Publishing a children's book about a New York City mermaid named Marina - please help me raise funds for artwork and self publication!
That curtain of fog fell from my eyes.
Right before me a door opened to the Skies.
A children's counting book designed to have children count using science as the context. It's also filled with nerdy references.
Funding supports for the costs of printing, marketing & distribution, book signings, & media coverage to help Post-Katrina New Orleans,
An advanced visual art book for children, comes in multiple limited edition formats. Get your E-Book and Hardcover here!
I  want to write! blogs, book research. I used to own an msi-wind but  no longer have it and I am stuck without the familiar keyboard.
The first to combine age specific books with support for parents and developmental tracking.
Elf on the Shelf came first, then Mensch on a Bench.
NOW, we're introducing the Hindu on the Bindu, just in time for Diwali!
We have written a book to teach children about life lessons through a wise, intelligent bear, named Ben.
Help us to make children's books as fascinating as a pair of the latest sneakers and to bring tangible art forms back to the community!
Paddy Pincushin is a little porcupine who makes a new friend and they  have an adventure as they discover their forest neighborhood.
I want to create a series of books for young children that focus on gender equality, neutrality, sexual orientation, and gender roles.
Brian Bear becomes Major Nature to defend the Great Woods Forest from all that threatens to harm it.
I have spent the last several years putting together the bedtime stories I have created with my children - would to bring them to life.
The best multi-sensory reading product designed Bar None. Intonation & pronunciation learned quickly and in a FUN WAY.
A hilarious picture book about the lengths one family will go to in order to save their Thanksgiving dinner.
I am converting the story of Joseph, from the book of Genesis, into a children's book. this would include audio forms also.
I was originally inspired to write this book in order to help terminally ill children find peace by visualizing their guardian angels.
Pink Island follows a daydreaming Princess Rachel. The Blue Whale finds a boy in his dreams and helps him overcome fears.
Carl is a Car is a great new children's book that reminds us why it's fun to read.
A children's book series that encourages young girls into the field of science while building self-esteem in a fairytale setting.
The StayPut Mat is a non-slip drawing mat, great for early childhood development or a writing aid for anyone with upper limb loss.
A series of 3 educational books dealing with children who live with mental or physical disabilities and the support they receive-love.
Exciting children's stories of two Magical Llamas that joined the family. Ever since then life is magical and filled with fantasy
This children's story uses a lovable albeit misfit angel to deal with a child's struggle to find acceptance and fit in.
The first in a series of books designed to reveal the Superhero Powers within every child.
Oceans turn fiery to the depths in the Northwest, two tiny whales, the size of pumpkins, set sail to save their world from destruction.
teaching life lessons, a handbook for youth and their parents.
My children's book is based on a true story about our dog Chico and how he never gave up hope of being adopted with his disabilities.
'Emmaline' is a beautifully illustrated children's book about a black squirrel who lives in Queens.
Be the first in line to get a Reach Around!  Your friends and neighbors will pine with jealousy when the see what you've got!
I am creating a website where children can write their own books together. Kids gets 2 sentences each. Where will the story go?
Our new illustrator, Tara Howell, wants to create her ABC book, combining two real animals to create a new Beanimal. Help her now!
An original Dr. Seuss inspired Christian book for kids, families, and kids ministries.
A bridge between the nature of animals and God, easy for a child to understand and fun for an adult!
I’d like to expand the Explore Books series by adding three new travel activity titles based on the historical, Eastern United States!
A series of six science fiction / fantasy books for young readers from 10 years old and up.
Bart inspires children to lead lives of purpose by teaching them leadership through the power of imagination.
This is going to be a childrens book series about a little boy's life.
Children's book about a zany little kitten who befriends a lonely little boy as they set out on an entertaining journey together.
I Can Be Brave is an encouraging story about a little girl who overcame her own fears to save her puppy.
Lock Away The Monsters is a collection of children's poetry written by Joseph Olsen. The book's poems present fanciful stories.
Fleck is my first children's book, inspired by Dr. Seuss. My dream is to write many books for kids.
Gracie Brave is a children's book series all about empowering children & adults.  She is a vehicle for change and a seeker of hope!
One boy. A hidden forest. Three AWESOME forest friends. In a journey to find the greatness within oneself!
Before There Was Day is a picture book universal story of how one discovers courage to shine through darkness to create a brand new day
Have suitcase, will travel! Where next?! Support this new children's series where a globetrotting girl sees the world.
A Children's audio book of a little owl that wonders why the only question he's taught is to ask who. He wants to ask more questions.
An age old conundrum set to rhyme with a twist. Which came first -the chicken or the egg? Great for children young and old.
A rhyming children's book with exciting characters and a great message.
Let's get Tickled!

The Tickle Monster is a fun children's picture book. 

Have you ever been grumpy? 

Who cheers you up with a Tickle
If you want to help just one young woman see that she can love herself and be confident, it will cause a ripple around the world!
Come through the garden with me, from seed to the plate. The birth of a new family member is embraced in this educational reader.
A touching and adventurous book of a Grandpa trying to reconnect with his grandchildren through what he knows best, Chemistry!
Sarah, the perfect little girl, finds her shadow is missing.  In searching for it, she learns the importance of having a dark side.
Princess Tada readers, young and old, join her in adventures of enlightenment.
Roman and Lauren Adventures is a series of books for kids teaching them about earth/space/and unknown/ in hyper-speed as UFOs.
This book will teach children to not bully others for looking different.
Its about a beaver who is bullied for having big teeth.
To bring more Florida learning and entertainment to children.
Peanuts and Joe is a childrens book about our two heroes finding their new pet and fellow hero, Zip.
A new children's book called The Pumpkin Wizard. It's about imagination and anti-bullying. The Wizard is Coming 2015!
Make the Magic Real! The Grimples are woodland creatures who spread messages of the magic of nature through stories with lessons
A children's book in which your child becomes the hero. Put their name in the book and personalise this Christmas story.
Bring Rasazar to life in this mind, body, spirit children's book.
Failure and disappointment can hit a kid hard, especially if they were raised to think they can do or be anything. Let 'em down gently!
A book that takes childhood jokes and re-imagines them as lateral thinking puzzles. A sample chapter is linked in the project.
This Christian children's book explains Easter, the significance of eggs, bunnies, transfiguration and ascension in a relatable way.
Four bedtime stories designed by kids for kids. Zulubear teaches children how use to their photographic memory to excel at literacy.
A stunning, bedtime story about a family moving across the United States, from one home to another. Illustrated in vibrant watercolor.
Aimed at children 4-8 years old, this book is told by a father who spent a summer at home with his seven year old.
A children's book designed for people suffering from dyslexia... the first in a series... we call it Dyslexia Enhanced.
I would love to publish a book, calendar and greeting cards showing my many photos depicting scenes from 50-60's era.
Mice and The Moon is a story about three mice trying to find a ladder to climb to the moon thinking it's made of cheese.
Mollö - the illustrated children´s book that wants to grow.
Mollö - das illustrierte Kinderbuch das wachsen möchte.
"Imagine Me" children's books are innovative and interactive allowing children to illustrate themselves into each adventure!!
An engaging children's series featuring a wholesome, charismatic young girl who takes children on exciting adventures across the USA.
Inspiring kids to show they care by sharing their knowledge with younger kids. A book for preschoolers written with a grade 5/6 class.
2 year old's make lots of messes. This kids book shows how Jada does so in a poetic way.
Will Shakespeare as the best boy detective ever! By the pricking of my thumbs, something wicked this way comes.
12 All New American Holiday Songs, CD/MP3'S & Sheet Music Book geared for elementary music education.
Ho Ho Ho Merry Christmas from Santa at the North Pole would you like me to send you a special message on Xmas Day visit www.santa.city
Skylark English for Babies is a new multisensory toolkit for learning English at home. Written by British experts for kids from birth.
I am creating an engaging, educational, and interactive book for children aged 2-7.
To professionally produce and publish an interactive children’s book that teaches basic computer programming concepts.
Blowing Up the Bible is a series of children's Bible stories illustrated with balloon sculptures to represent the various characters.
Our last Kickstarter project was the first round of sketches and writing the story! Now, it's time to prep the book to print!
School Bus drivers find and care for a tiny kitty. I've written 4 books in the series and wish to get book 5 printed by Christmas. 2013
An age old conundrum set to rhyme with a twist. Which came first -the chicken or the egg? Mates Chicken Stew & Ben Egg try to find out.
I have an adorable children's book with an illustrator who is working diligently to bring it to life. Help this work see the light!
What if the new pet store near your house sold animals everyone thought were extinct? A new novel from the author of “After The Blue.”
Meet Piper, an avid collector! One day Piper finds that her collection is incomplete and sets out to complete it by collecting the sky!
A fun, adventurous tale about a young groundhog and gosling. An anti-bullying message of friendship, love and forgiveness.
Educational yet fun photos and story about a toddler and puppy growing up together.
Raising money to publish my book.
The Curious ABCs is an illustrated alphabet that is both artwork and teaching tool.
A young boy's adventure  set in an African village. Brings the art of African storytelling to a children's book.
Mileena has wanted to be, in her own words, "A Police", ever since she could talk. She's getting her chance early with this book.
An illustrated adventure story
James and Jayne the Turtles are just waiting to bring their fun adventures to more kids' homes!  They make learning manners really fun!
Through the vivid mind of a child, sights and sounds at night are not always as they appear.
'Pirate McFeather and the Ruby Brooch' is a rhyming children's picture book. One in a series of four.  I have a contributory contract!
Take control of the book by choosing all from the character's name to making the main plot decisions.
You build your own story.
Bullying is a serious matter that affect everyone. This book's in production and needs funding to be properly released to mass audience
As two young brothers travel around the globe with their parents, they find that the world is only as boring as they allow it to be.
I am writing and illustrating a children's book called "Clawdette the Cat". 10% of all funding will be donated to the Virginia Avenue Project.
"Letting Children with Disabilities be Kids"
The Rescue Me series of six illustrated books will teach kids how to face challenges with positivity and compassion for those in need.
A comedy writer and DC columnist/mother-of-two are writing a children's book for your baby Republican!
A children's book that focuses on helping children understand, cope and handle their emotions as they are faced with real life issues.
"We ALL Have A GIFT" is an early readers book reminding children that "WE" all have something special about each one of us.
Join T.J., Mandy & Twicket (a talking troll head cane) as they enter other worlds through magic paintings & the Well of Ghosts.
Forest Buddies is a children's book helping kids understand their differences make them unique.
A child wants to get a pet after a visit to the zoo. Her mum explains how much care animals need.
As a new Father, I create stories to teach my daughter things in a silly manner that she will find exciting. This book is one of many.
Return to your childhood and walk into theirs with this original classic tale, or should we say t-a-i-l.
The story of Dink the Stink - the world's smelliest dinosaur & his quest to make friends at school.  Your kids will laugh for weeks!
Percy the Penguin is a children's book just waiting to get published. It's about Percy making a little girl's dream come true!
Bailey is a puppy with severe scoliosis.  He wants share his story with kids and inspire them to never give up.  #SupportBaileysBook
Experience storytelling shaken, mixed, and stirred. Our zany black colt, Flutter, shares his unbridled creativity in this iPad App.
A children's book full of adventure! Telling a story of adoption through a fairy tale. Based upon our daughter and our life.
Follow Scott the Rabbit and his mother on their journey to learn about and gather all the ingredients to make Fettuccine Alfredo!
Be part of bringing this exciting adventure story to life, and help teach kids what it means to be determined
Ella's Daddy is a story book depicting a young girl's (& every child's) positive & rewarding relationship with her Heavenly Father.
My uniquely designed bilingual books enable children to learn another language more easily.  Now I want to create more!
Dizzy Dizzo is an exciting brand new action packed children’s book series designed to instill new life skills such as trust & loyalty.
The Spunky Little Sheep is a Children's Book about a sweet little sheep who leaves the Good Meadow for the Forbidden Dandelion!
Adventure can be scary but Earl has his special N.U.T.S. badge to remind everyone to "Never Underestimate the Squirrel!"
Rexxy's Dinosounds is a collection of dinosaur-based songs in book form that inspires you to learn about the ancient past, with music!
"The World of Horror" is a child's horror collective which utilizes the lore of different cultures and authors from around the world.
Pulling a prank this crazy is not easy, but if you have siblings like these, it will be.
Hooey Savvy is a children's book about financial education.
This book is about a little ant who wants to fly but is told he cant by Doug the Junebug, Chopper the grasshopper helps him build wings
My short children's book is one of adventure, magic, a dragon, talking chickens, and much more.
The Littlest Samurai - a children's book inspired by a Japanese tale - what started as a school project has become a passion project.
My name is Felicia and I am the author of the illustrated story "Furever Lucky". This dog is ready to win the hearts of children.
Children's book and corresponding items designed to promote a family tradition and wholesome family memories for generations to come.
Jr. is a boy that has many outdoor adventures from scuba diving to hunting. It is written in rhyme and works through the ABCs.
A magical conversation between a mom and the baby in her womb, as she tells him about the things they will do when he is older.
The Lolo books are board books teaching baby sign language to babies and their family and carers. Follow Lolo and her family.
The Magic Octopus is a sweet and thoughtfully written short story for Children. It expresses the great love a Mother has for her child.
Create an e-book series for parents and children who are multicultural or growing up in another country and becoming third culture kids
An inspirational series of Christian stories brings God into the hearts of our children through the loving life of a puppy named Shia.
Children learn about unique animals that live a world away as they fly with Duncan on his incredible journeys to far away lands!
Sloopy de Sloop, a hip cougar teaching good behavior in an outrageous Way. Book One teaches how to behave if a guest in someones house
Kids will enjoy reading about the olden days. The book is composed of stories told by Bigma and Gigi. Kids will learn- and their funny!
The Viking Bunnies is a series of Children's Books and Motion Comics that anyone who loves fun can enjoy! Lots of silly adventures!
Socks & Bowtie Tuesday are metaphorical guides that uses socks & bowties worn by educators to fight against the mighty gutter grungers.
Help me print this first ever tattoo illustrated childrens book, A story based only on original oldschool tattoo drawings.
It's about kids playing outside, having fun and neighbors who are also friends. This first book introduces Pelito and his friends.
I wrote this horror novel in italian. I'd like with this campaign to translate it in english.
Four kids can make a difference in the world by their thoughts, actions, and deeds.  I want to encourage, challenge, and pass it on!
The classic tale of The Nutcracker is reimagined and told through the eyes of Clara's trouble making brother Fritz.
New Self Published Lulu.com Author is trying to start her 1st Children's Book Signing Tour and needs help to get started.
A 3-D animated E-Book. Blossom and friends go on a whimsical adventure to help kids who are magically transformed by sneaky Fiddlefat. 
The story of a young girl who is confronted by a bully on her first day of elementary school.
We show both girls AND boys that girls belong in science and math, too!
Wrote this children's story with some important lessons for my daughter.
Help bring to life an adorable plush alligator from the Dozi the Alligator® children's book series!
A fun, beautifully illustrated and uplifting iBook for kids about growing up, nature, and the rewards of paying something forward.
Barksley the dog overcomes a life of neglect and shows the positive effects that love and attention can have on our pets.
A fun little story, told in post cards sent back to Nana Loonoo.
A book series that teaches children hidden truths found in the Bible that can be applied to their daily life; no matter what age!
Charleton's Purpose is a children's book about a snail that's told he's too slow to have a job.
My project is a silly children's book, with a partner iphone app for increasing narrative skills.
Brain tumour survivor rose above the odds to write a children's  book titled: Dino-Clock-Clan. Partnership required to publish the book
Wow. A surprise party for Mr.Bunnie.Friends from the past, little bunny's everywhere,there's Tilly, his girlfriend! Look,it's ...
A sweet poem for children on what to do in the bath tub. Inspired by my daughter, Abi. Teaching personal hygiene and safety.
Food Security is hot! Let's involve children in their future food supply, by educating them in an early stage about global food issues
Sasha's human doesn't let him go outside, but one day he discovers he can change shapes!
Children's rhyming picture book, to educate k-4 on environmental issues dealing with our Nation's largest estuary, the Chesapeake Bay
The final Frankie the Firefly book goes on tour to the libraries of Kent County, Huron County and Newaygo County in Michigan.
It's a set of easy Chinese reading books by using an electronic pen. The set of 135 talking books is divided into 15 popular themes.
This is an environmental children s story about a lone Willow tree, and the animals that make it home.
The Lewis Chessmen is an interactive story book that weaves chess, history and story-telling together in an app for the iPad
The first interactive children's e-Book designed to teach values necessary for success in life. The most extensive interactive e-Book!
Fun, creative, illustrated analogies on teaching children how to throw a baseball...professional instruction meets the 5 yr. old brain.
A meaningful and exciting story that shows children how love to care for animals, also displays a family setting.
Join The Tricorn on a wonderful journey of self-discovery. Colour in as you go and meet his animal friends at The British Museum.
A beautifully illustrated children's story book about a journey of self discovery.
Pug Story is a unique children’s book series designed to entertain and educate through fun-loving characters like Chloey the Pug.
A children's book that encourages them to use their imagination and gives them a glimpse of where it can take them.
The IRB is a hardcover King James Bible with over 50 pages of vivid illustrations!
Captain Bludvok is a pirate so smelly, he makes you poo yourself. On his ship The Grotty Behind, he steals chocolate deliveries
A digital children's book with a simple, eloquent story about feeling alone and building the courage to reach out.
With your help we will launch Chinchilla Jack & The Walk-In Closet! In return you'll receive the cutest children's book ever created :)
My project teaches tolerance to school aged children by use of story. Characters for the stories are built around some unique aliens.
Although already having been sold internationally, my book still lacks the an English-language Version to become a real success.
Red Bear and the Magical Pixie have amazing adventures empowering their forest friends. To donate to St. Jude's for kids with Cancer
"Lookie Grandpa", he said, pointing out across the park at a sleek blue Pontiac convertible cruising by with the top down. What is that car? 
A fun, family loving series that covers a lot of subjects, told through the eyes of two children and their father.
Henry, the golden doodle always sports a bow tie. Through the life of Henry, the pages are drawings and actual photos of Henry!
Tiger Style is an exciting adventurous story of a tiger cub who grows up in downtown L.A. Join the destiny of the tiger's journey!
Unforgettable adventures, undefeatable heroism and unbreakable friendships.
Children don't always know how to behave after bereavement. This funny book gives them permission to be silly, sad, happy or hurt.
Help bring the second adventure of Chi-Chi the Chinchilla to life and the lovable character to children around the world!
Illustrated children's book to be used to help children with stressful situations in their lives: illness, divorce and similar topics.
Harley is a miniature dachshund who teaches children to love and respect life as he takes the responsibility for adopting an egg.
I need funds for printing costs! My children's book needs to have 300 copies printed out. Please help!
Goodbye Monsters was created to assist parents with getting sleep, while taking away the anxiety that can accompany children's bedtime.
ArtDesign/Cartoon Grads needing to build careers,I collaborate & give them a chance to work on real projects. See talesilove.com
8 Books, read-along, and sing-along designed to give the full experience of learning Hawaiian and the meaning of ALOHA ❀
A picture book series in which each book revolves around a different letter and tells a unique story involving pop culture characters.
A colorful interactive 'search and point' children's book, which teaches children the importance of a firefighters uniform.
If you’re between the ages of one and a hundred and one, this delightful rhyming book is for you!
Phredber is a story in the form of poetry for kids and big kids (parents) to read. Illustrated with stunning art by Bernard Stokes.
This is the first in a funny series of "Rachel" books about a little 5 year old girl in constant mischief.
Scribbles is a child's drawing who goes on various adventures. This is a children's book written in part by children for children
Pug Story children's books are entertaining and educational. Come along  with Chloey and her friends on an adventure of a lifetime!
A fabulous children's song and book that makes all children and their families very very happy!
This all ages children's book is a new, exciting twist on Xmas!
Imagine the escapades of a quirky ROBOT named TAGI who loves TV, skateboarding & her best, human friend Jesse....from the new kids book
Personalised children's storybook: beautiful illustration & captivating narrative help to bring a child's name to life!
Chase the Shark is children's book series with two installments already, I'm ready to publish the third and create a cartoon.
Help raise money to donate books for children about animal shelter awareness. 100% of donation goes towards helping animal shelters.
An illustrated story of a boy and his dog deep in the Mountains of Tibet and the magical adventure they go on.
Bianca and clumsy Rosy Robin are expected at a party, but something unexpected will change their destinies in a sweet surprise!
#TOMMYtheTICK  HELP CHANGE INTO #COLORFORM TO ENTICE #CHILDREN TO PLAY WITH THE #BOOK BECAUSE HE IS #INSECTOFHAVOC BUT YOU CAN #SMILE
A beautiful photo story book of a lonely mermaid that discovers on her adventure that friendship is the most magical treasure of all!
LOVE, RESPECT, and SALUTE can be the start of a wave of fresh, 21st century patriotism!  Try this:  "If you can see it, salute it."
This is Maryam, a character from one of my anticipated children’s picture books. Thank you in advance!
A friendly frog named Grace helps a frustrated fish discover freedom and identity through faith in the unseen and dependence on her.
New children’s book about a boxer, he meets new friends, goes on adventures and learns lessons.
A children's book with a narrative for parents and their kids with self-appraisal activities that instill self-confidence .
A patriotic story of courage and respect celebrating the Latino-American soldier's selfless contributions to America.
This book is a magical love story we hope will become a keepsake as part of your family reading tradition.
My Little Penguin Boy: The Dreamer is a project that needs funding for self publishing.
A whimsical fantasy and a wonderful adventure that touches the heart and stimulates the senses. A great trip
I am happy to introduce my book to you!
A bubbly little girl. Her whimsical aunt. A magic globe. The WORLD to explore! Lessons learned. Tons of fun! Welcome to Jayla’s Jaunts.
Our Alphabet book is a beautiful tribute to innocence that you can share with the little ones you love...Everybody Loves a Sleepy-Head!
A 12-book 2-in-1 series for all 50 US State Libraries. Each School Jungle Safari book tells an animal's fun tale and true life story.
Yo-P-Yots are inspirational pals who help children through positive encouragement and provide love and hope through books and toys.
Meet Riley. An "R" who moved to Rhode Island in search of new friends. Right away he notices a funny accent. Where did all the R's go?
A young luche libre fighter must face his fears to save the town of Chipita from a wealthy government official bent on revenge.
Kids book 4th grade and up due out in Oct. Opportunity to buy rare sighed copy of 2nd book of the series
A volume of short children's stories based on a character inspired by my grandson, whom we affectionately call Deedle.
Jack William & The Galaxy Riders, is a Kids Fantasy Adventure that takes place far in space. 1 of 5 Book Series.
A truly unique and magical story about Christmas, told from a different point of view. A timeless story to be shared every Christmas.
In this new children’s book series the main character is not only female but, African American. Themes will transcend gender and race.
You'll laugh, you'll groan and more importantly so will your kids. It's 101 Jokes for Kids - and it needs your Kickstarter help.
A children's book series that focuses  on the importance of fathers and their contribution to parenting
About friendly space creatures who visit Earth. 15 different Erbitts(Bad, Professor, Silly,etc). Teaches children about differences.
Butch, an Indonesian cat, is adopted by an American expat in Sumatra. Watercolors and clever prose narrate his fun global adventures.
I have two books that I will be completing with your help; a kids fishing book and a collection of awesome motorcycle rides in MN!
It's about numbers. It's about love. 4-yr old's curiosity about numbers + math educator mom = our first picture book! Birth - 1st grade
Keep the adventure going! "The Hand of Osiris" is the second book in the "Children of Hathor" trilogy, a science fiction adventure.
A fictional animal based on endangered species. A rhyming adventure of earthly proportions ... which is to say, HUGE! and yet small ...
Topochita and her Friends is an Educational Multimedia Project that Teaches your Kids Spanish and English.
Lionel's Drum is a children's book that shows the power of music in transforming children's lives.
DEFEAT TERRORISM WITH A CHILDREN'S STORY
Murray and the Cats: The Beach combines education and conservation with adventure to excite children about our planet, and her animals.
"Advocating for Children with Disabilities with Positive Stories"
To introduce children (7-9) to the great philosophers, I wish to complete a Socrates-Plato-Aristotle cycle in rhymed verse.
Let's print this book. Emily and I are in the home stretch. The book is complete & waiting to be sent to the printers. An amazing book!
A poetic children's story answering my son's question, "Who is number 12?" that celebrates the uniting force and bond of Seahawks fans.
Word Swallow is a maker of fine stories, donating a copy to schools for every copy purchased through the Share a Story program.
This children's book is inspired by Ethan Faria, a 2 year old who lost part of his limbs. We've come together to produce a book & song
It all began with a girl, a shoe, and a pile of letters.
Monsters Love, an ABC book; is the first in a series of educational books written for children from birth to 12 years of age.
A hand illustrated children's book based on a popular joke from our childhood.  Original images and a novel storyline.
Have you been bitten by the Huggie Buggies lately?
Can You Help Camille and Lisa Raise Awareness about Eczema?
A child's picture book and heartwarming tale of a dog, Sadie, dealing with her jealousy of her new family's trash can, Big Mouth.
A story of child empowerment as our little heroes race after their dreams in Raceland, and learn valuable life lessons in Hot Rod High.
A Children's Book About Anti-Bullying and The Power of Imagination!
We intend to publish a series of illustrated children’s books with stories from Africa; “Fairy Tales” from Africa.
This is a 6 book series following the lives of characters who had bad eating habits, and the steps they took to make a change.
Henry is a pizza delivery boy and he's not too keen on his work, especially when he gets lost one gloomy night.
This is an inspiring story of courage, and hope. This empowering story is centered around KC, and her recent diagnosis of cancer.
The big bad wolf wasn't always big and bad. He was once a runt named Mortimer. These are his stories.
"Where's Daddy's Hair?" the boy wondered, did he do something wrong? Come find out because the answer he receives is unexpected.
Help us fund the next three books of this project for children with emotional issues.
An ABC adventure book for students too cool for those basic ABC books.
Follow The Make Believables as they teach your kids how to awaken their imagination and learn about their world!
Simple, gentle interactive stories and games for young children and the child in everyone.
Children's story dealing with the issue of children finding a place to fit in and feel wanted in life.
The Amazing Adventures of Connor The Conker is the first book in a series of character-driven stories incorporating Pilates for kids..
Mish&Tish: Unique gateway to imagination, reading & family values. Our books let children tell their stories, write –and be published!
a little boy who dresses his Teddy Bear like a ninja. He would make his Teddy Bear to the day-to-day things like a ninja.
Our first project is a children’s book that engages kids to interact with the books story and images.
Help us encourage creativity through our unique, engaging, and slightly silly approach to drawing.
"The Poet Thief"- A multi-sensory reading experience comprised of video, photography, animation, sound, music, and narration for kids.
Help me feed growing minds with positive, thoughtful inspiration! Share & spread love in the world for the next generation.
Dylan the Daring!   Sir Linus, the royal knighted puppy, teaches his friends valuable lessons in this great children's book series!
Budding Artist, Budding Writer Children's Alphabet eBook:Using Simple Shapes to Draw Alphabet Pictures & Springboard Writing.
Jimmy is the main character of our children's book "The Rat Cats". The book is due out late this year. He is 12" tall, cuddly.
An illustrated children's book about the oil and gas industry, to show both how wonderful oil is - and what the downsides are
Cornbread and the Healthy Food Challenge is the 5th book in the popular children's chapter book series.
Bubby and the Goodie Jar is an interactive, educational, children's book that helps kids count, rhymes, and provides fun for kids!!
Jason Squirrel Starts A Company is our children's book about a little squirrel who starts a nut collecting company.
The spotted beasts of Davis Street were sitting down for tea. When they heard a knock at the door and wondered, "Who could that be?"
We are writing a children's story about a therapy dog named Lola, and all the wonderful things shes does and how she helps people.
A book giving parents tips to get kids of all ages outdoors, from planning and execution to packing and prep this book will cover it.
Hawaiian Language Flash Cards
Please help us finish the printing phase of 2000 decks! You will receive a FREE gift & deck! MAHALO
This book is intended to relate to children in my classroom with sensory issues and plays an emphasis on peer modeling.
About accepting the differences in others while embracing you own uniqueness.  A book for anyone who has ever felt like an outsider.
This book will help children with serious illnesses and their families have a tool by which to improve the quality of their lives.
Fox & rabbit tale, journey of discovery  "You don' t have to be connected by blood to be connected at the heart."  Live animal photos
A tutorial for young readers interested in golf. They'll learn to play alongside the book's main character, 8 yr old Paige.
Little girl goes to Grand Central Terminal on her 3rd birthday with her father.
A heartwarming story that showcases the inspiring, yet emotional journey of a humble 7-year-old, military-connected child named María.
Lyria Pumpkin-Head is an engaging all ages picture book inspired by Tim Burton classics like The Nightmare Before Christmas.
The Shelly's Adventures book series is an educational tool that incorporates American Sign Language (ASL).
Teaching manners and ethics using the master keys of respect, kindness, gratitude, and compassion for families & schools.
Continuing my series about Lilly Brown, a 7-year-old multiracial girl and her family. The series is designed to relate to all children.
This story is filled with mischief, mystery, and mayhem. There is hidden passageways to discover & explore, and treasure to be found.
Play with Your Words is a lyrical storybook written with idioms (plays on words) that features colorful, whimsical illustrations.
A highly amusing graphic novel about two young professionals and how they ended up not being firemen.
Shakespeare for Kids book #7. Writing a reduced, VERY kid friendly, version of 12th Night, with some real Shakespeare lines mixed in.
A children's book about my rescue dog to educate & bring awareness to puppy mills and to raise money for puppy mill rescue groups
SPEAK IT KIDDO!!! BOOKS will impact family generations. Speak it kiddo books will help children speak Gods Promises over there lives.
A book based on an autistic character named Steven. The book shows what he sees compared to actual reality while walking to school.
This book is a political satire written to be enjoyed by children due to the colorful illustrations; but this work nods to adults.
Beautiful watercolor paintings help tell a Christmas story of a special gift a little tree receives from her friends.
Beautifully illustrated by the author, M Lauren shows the step-by-step inspiring and true story of turning a shed into her home.
A whimsical children's book with kindness, meaning, and beautiful illustrations.  Buy one for yourself and one to donate to a child! :D
A multi-path, interactive story about choices and feelings, aimed at kids ages 3-7. Also contains questions to help guide conversation.
A modern-day parable about encouraging children to clean up their room, featuring a kleptomaniac sock-stealing dust bunny.
Our main inspiration is to entertain and spread joy through our books; by creating a brand around Lionel the Bumblebee.
Encouraging and uplifting our younger generation one page at a time!
A Three-Book Project. Welcome to our world!  Real homeschool events and stories used to create entertaining fiction books for children.
Follow The Adventures of Caroline as she meets magnificent characters and creatures on her fantastic journeys through time!
Sally Safety & Danger Dan, give safety tips and equipment to kids and their families.
Vivid moving pictures, professional voice narration, genre defining stories 100 years in the making, all on your iPad, iPhone, or iPod.
Stories that families treasure for a lifetime.  A Man Called Nicholas is a new kind of Christmas story. Make your heart smile again.
The Rusty Knight will be part of a new genre of story telling: e-books. The interactive twist is that readers will choose Rusty's path.
The children's picture book is engaging, it is a sensitive story, the onset and growth of true friendship, and empathy between friends.
The first book in the series The Secret Lives of James Boo 002, the infamous canine spy and his many lives incognito.
I have created the makings for a storytelling time for children that helps them to learn to have a relationship with God.
Help me publish my 1st children's book as an aspiring author!
The pachyderms at the Denver Zoo are moving. Follow along on the convoluted journey to their new home.
One Christmas every child was naughty, and Santa's son 
St. Nick Jr sacrifices all his gifts over his whole life, for the children
A fun & exciting story to educate kids and their parents about the importance of honeybees & the easy & fun ways we can help the world.
A spunky little girl, driven by a love of pumpkin pie, overcomes her fears and serendipitiously discovers what she'll be for Halloween
An easy fun way for children to understand the physical limitations of someone with CFIDS and Fibromyalgia using marbles and a jar.
A collection of childrens poems written to educate, inspire and create quality time with parents. Beautifully illustrated, 44 pp.
Interactive Book with Audio to learn the Ojibwe Language for Children.  Website, Ebook and more!
Self-publishing my children's book.
This is a journal where parents daily write something positive about their child.  Places for pictures, too.
"Daddy what's a divorce?" A child gains insight and wisdom to the miracles of GOD and helps a family reunite; in " GRACE SAVES THE DAY"
Andrew wonders if his life would be more exciting if he'd been hatched a frog. Shiny and green just seems more exciting to him. Until..
Written by my daughter and myself, illustrated by Jack Wiens. Everything is complete except for publishing.
I have been a writer all my life. But until recently never a parent. I want to write a children book for my children, and yours!
Colourful and imaginative book app for children, will be relished especially by those with Irish roots.
We all pray to the same God no matter what name we might refer to Him as.  Our children deserve to know this basic truth.
A children's letter book that Lampoons Hillary Clinton
Water Bomb Fight, Swooped & Moon You Are Unique by Soraya Yvette are Christ centred Aussie outdoor fun adventure books for tween/teens
READY TO PRINT. A fun 38 page full color, hand illustrated children's book based on Australian animals and Indigenous Legends.
A fantastic Doggie Adventure filled with laughter, tears and heroics. Lets get a fresh New Edition of Bosley published for all to enjoy
Help promote "2 Many Parakeets", a children's book about getting along, sharing, and making new friends.
Children's Story about a Princess bunny who loses her Binky and goes on a adventure to find it, along with help from a Bear.
4 farmers, 1 artist and 2 storytellers. 4 children's books on animal welfare and biodynamic farming. Educating for a sustainable world.
A story of two young monsters from Munsters Mush whom go on a frightening adventure after meeting a magical mushroom, with a big twist.
A story about a flock of unique chickens (and others) who all lived happily together in one big flock.
"The Adventures of Max and Link" Originally a serial bedtime story for my daughter, now to become a story of courage for everyone.
Written and self illustrated series of books inspired by my baby boy Charlie!
"Pigfeet in Space" is a clever story that`s sure to have kids rolling with laughter.
Oreo the History Horse time travels through the White House to tell us the story of of our National Christmas Tree.
A Middle Grade 9-11 fantasy book, the first in a series, running a little over 200 pages (approximately 75000 words).
The Dread Pirate Aaarrggghhh was the most feared pirate who ever sailed the 7 seas...and the smelliest...these are his stories!
Sieg Howdy is an unique anthology of children's stories by Jamakin' Dave Henderson, teaching lessons of friendship and determination...
In a new children's book, readers get a peek at "The 437th Annual Snowball Fight".  A secret competition for best holiday!
The 'Pineapple Princess' is a fictional story for children about love, innocence, identity and human evolvement.
Intended for ages 8 and up, this story teaches about faith and affirmations in a non-religious way. Already kid tested, mom approved.
This is a great new children's book about a little boy and his new best friend, and the adventures they went on their first day.
When Pappy Goes Hunting is a children's book that shows the traditions of hunting through beautiful writing and illustrations.
This project is the 2nd installment in our Elfishki iPad Interactive Book Series to inspire the love of reading in children.
Harley, a young eagle, thinks he is a turkey.  Henry, the runt and fellow odd ball, sees his potential and yearns to soar.
The first in a series of innovative picture books that reward those with extra curious minds and adventurous hearts.
Liam, a reporter with a secret identity, and his friend Dana outwit the Leprechaun Hunter and solve the mystery of the polluted river.
A chance for children all over the world to help create the pages of an  illustrated book, bound together by the subject of "love".
This is a book about an average clothesline that becomes magical.
A short children's story that answers the question, "What happens when we forget to let the dog out?"
The first in a series of early reader guides that connect young kids with the natural world around them.
In learning, first impressions count. This book introduces numbers as launch pads for the imagination, not just tools to add things up.
I wrote this lullaby for my daughter and asked Kristen to help create a children's book. We need your help to publish now!
A book series that needs your pledges to print & publish it! Once available for sale, proceeds go to the Princess Paper Cat Foundation!
A quirky kid's book staring (un)scary misfit monsters. Zigfeeld the Zombie never had a friend or a home, join him as he finds both.
Aria and her dog, Daisy, like to travel around the world to meet kids from different countries.  This time they will explore Kenya!
A first in a series of high flying adventures for kids inspiring them to reach for the skies and follow their dreams.
A fiction series of seven books each featuring a coming of age story for 10-12 year olds and magical creatures.
One day a little boy named Sammy is playing in his sandbox when a magical sand Whirly - Whirly takes him to faraway places.
Cenzo is a luthier and Roberto is a mouse who lives in Cenzo's guitar - the music that Cenzo plays sends Roberto on amazing journeys!
You can be anything you dream in this world! These three children's books will help expand your options. Both playful and informative!
When Luke's battery dies to his new favorite toy, he finds that his imagination can be just as fun…. and maybe even better!!!
Pudgy leads our adventure-based book series inspiring literacy by exploring the positive topics of diversity and open-mindedness
In this children's book, Darcy, the Duck, tells her tale about bullying on The Lake and how we can make a difference and STOP BULLYING!
Trishala's Dream A Dream that changed the world leading to path of Peace,Non-Violence and Harmony
Create "A Bunny Tale" for The Bunny Hutch Animal Rescue children's story time at book stores, schools, libraries and Day-cares.
I'm trying to raise money so I can get my children's story published
children's series specifically tailored for beginner readers that is simple and easy to follow with interesting activities & characters
2 books down, 4 to go! Getting a young adult, then an adult novel onto Amazon taught me: the hardest part of writing = promote and sell
Our question to you is: Are you ready to visit and fully experience Autism: The Happy Kingdom? We certainly hope so.
AlTaMiRa Books is an indie publishing company. We promote diversity in children's books. We celebrate the beauty of being  different.
The Wish a Bears Tale Book. Illustrated by Kit Mobley and story by Fred Leicht
Bears Breakfast is my children's book. The funding is to get the book finished and self published and into the hand of your readers!
Fourth audiobook in our folktale, myths and legends series, with multicultural tales, original music, and a variety of actors reading
This is a short children's book about never letting go. Perfect for children of divorce, death, military or away from loved ones.
I've worked with Orcas for the past 11 years. My dream is to use my talents as an artist and create a children's book devoted to Orcas.
A delightful educational series using real life scenarios, watch as this dynamic tool for learning transforms from print to production.
Brother and sister fighting the elements, animals and each other in stories of farm sibling survival on a 1950s family dairy farm.
Join Doodle & Dot as they play throughout the day and learn along the way.
I am working to get my illustrated Christmas book published.  I believe I need great illustrations and also the funds to publish it.
Draje is a story about an eagle who refuse to kow tow to the serpents but held her faith in God to deliver her.
This fun, loving character is embraced by young learners and adults alike. A pre-cursor to bedtime stories engages good habits for all.
Rebecca & Rod are a married couple who's mission is to promote multiculturalism, acceptance, and believing in yourself, through stories
A 32 Page Time Traveling Adventure... Where a trouble making boy will try to become a better person in time!
I am aiming to create a whole series of Penguinies Children's book, which I will be publishing my self.
A truly personalized children's book made with your childs image and name throughout the book.
A beautifully illustrated book for children on the Nook, Kindle and iPad.  Children of all ages from 2-102 will enjoy this adventure.
A brilliantly illustrated book of wonderful verse about a six year-old boy who imagines he's the Bible hero, Samson.
A beautiful short story to teach children about 9-11 from the perspective of the trade towers! Imagination, peace and love prevail.
A whimsical and colorful fairy picture book for children about the months and changing seasons. Illustrated by a 7 year-old.
Carl The Comet is an educational kids picture book yet also entertainment, with awesome illustrations of space and factual information.
Millie needs help printing her "Millie the Octopus Learns" series of children's books. Titles include Yoga, Surfing, and Hula Dancing.
Support cool children's books!!! Pledge your moola and allegiance to the great Willamena and my second book filled with undead fun!
Book series inspired by our special needs daughter who has a terminal illness. Book 1 was a major success, we now want to continue!
Attu  research's and writes nature based educational childrens books. His dream is to help children learn about and enjoy our National Parks.
This book tells the story of Patch the Alley Cat, who's physical appearence makes it  hard when it comes to making a friend.
An alphabet primer featuring lovable pandas – it's fun to read and has art that you'll want to hang on your wall!
Skipper learns about the cranberry bog and the animals that live around it.  Now this puppy needs to go to the printers.
Because my hands don't work, I'm trying to raise money to hire an illustrator for my children's book, eBook and app.
A children's primer book of funny rhyming poems explaining the  wonder of creatures in gardens and on farms, some may never enjoy.
Board Books That Break Tradition, Focus On Specific Character Traits And Help Promote Literacy Through Engagement And Choice.
I'm publishing a children's book for our baby daughter.
The SAV Method teaches kids to learn more efficiently. Kids can submit art, and get their illustrations published in this book.
Please help me get my book, "Only Tomten Is Awake" published in hardback.
Sara the Snail sets out in search of her best friend Catherine the Caterpillar! Help save the monarch butterfly through 5% proceeds?
Help us raise funding to have our book, Elvis Sunny Bear, translated! 1st in a series of children's books focusing on difficult topics.
An interactive reading enhancement tool designed to eliminate book memorization, and help build confidence in beginning readers.
Kyle vs Leila - Battle for the Cyberdomes has received a great response as an eBook, so the time has come to raise the stakes!
Two kids discover dead people living in their neighborhood.
Find the Cutes is a fun activity book for kids. It has 12 search pages with a total of 4,785 characters, a story line and answer pages.
A colorless fish learns to appreciate the value of color with a magic camera she finds & shows us the importance of art history.
Saying good-bye to a friend is never easy. But when that friend is going on the trip of a lifetime, it's a little easier to let go.
An illustrated personalized high-quality hardcover children's book.
The heart touching true story about an abandoned dog that is found by someone that gives him a home. Share Scruffy's story.
A story that teaches children about the history of Ancient Greece in a fun and approachable new way.
"Children's Books for the Soul"

I love to write stories for and about under-served children.
'Trees Please' - a child's whimsical journey through unexpected forests traveled only in dreams! A book worth backing. Become a backer!
My name is Dylan Farrell and I'm creating a 5 by 7" Full Color, Hard Bound  Children s Book starring my two blue cats
Sally the Fly is a children's story about a little fly with a lesson in self-confidence. Created as a book and multilingual mobile app.
Celebrate Christmas in July by supporting a unique childrens book.  I need your help to share this story with even more people in 2011
Enter the exciting world of Dynamite Bear. Discover the fun behind his dead eyes and a love so big it will blow you to pieces!
When Charlie and his big brother Chad go on adventures, they always make them amazing. What will the duo learn from each adventure?
I am a Senior Citizen who wants to publish a book, but I have no funds on Social Security Disability to do so.
Follow the day to day life of young Snorkkel. It shows how he learn new and exciting things everyday. Beautifully drawn Illustrations.
Lizard on the Loose and Loving it.. well sometimes!
We write children's books with our 3 daughters and a great illustrator, Russ. We need help getting out books to print!
Self publish a fiction children illustrated story and workbook tittled Whn Vwls G Mssng [when Vowels Go Missing]. 
We will encourage creativity by distributing 500 of our books across the US and allow some to become our next co-author with Thelma.
A non-illustrated ten story children's book, to capture the imagination for children
of all ages.
Millie and Charlie Andersen are again needed to help the Dark Possum and Mr. Bobble with some very odd problems. And who is that bear?
Eight Short Stories For Children From Norway's Lofoten Islands
Join Squishy Blueberry on an adventure in the imagination - making it up as he goes! The second book of the series.
A story of learning relationship of nature with all living things, working on publishing, marketing, etc.
Munsters meets the Simpsons
The Nana Troll, an amazing and hilarious view of his nana's world through the eyes of a little boy.
I've created a Super version of the Alphabet aimed at kids. These super letters are bright, quirky and fun.
“Lucille Bites the Love Bug Back” celebrates dads and love.  Help me publish the children’s picture book today.
A book to ignite the imagination of children. To show that no matter how small a dream or thought may start, it can change the world.
A children's book about the hilarity of growing up. Follow Philip as he grows both younger and older. Illustrated by Dan Fleming
Follow the adventures of Yollo the cat and his new baby human in a delightfully funny illustrated book for kids and their parents.
Every story has an exciting pirate adventure. Can Cuddle Pirate and his crew save the day from the Sugar Shark? For children age 3-7!
To publish a helpful, as well as entertaining, teaching tool for parents with children between 2 and 6 years old.
I need to hire an authentic Mongolian artist to illustrate my children's book, "Mori of Mongolia:  the horse who wanted a name."
I've written six books about a small chap called Arnie Plum who shares his home with a big bull toad and their adventures on a ranch
Matthew gets lost on his way to church, The Jesus Bee helps him find his way back to the right path. Matthew and The Jesus Bee.
The goal is to publish a short story of the first Christmas for children of all ages.
This is a fun story about a pair of aliens who accidently gave birth to humans on Earth.
Help us fund the publication of the next great children's book...and get books in the hands of kids who need them most!
Pledge your support.These cute socks disappear, but where do they go? Do not let this cuddly pair get lost forever.
The Bible In Rhyme series takes treasured stories of the Bible and presents them in an enjoyable and creative way for children.
The purpose of my project is to create stories for children and their families that are uplifting and wholesome.
Colorfully illustrated book entitled: Pogo the Dragon and Dodo the Bird in 'Friends can be friends no matter what you heard!'
A family, who discovers a magical bracelet, are sent to a mysterious land of dinosaurs where they learn the values of friendship.
Children can talk to us, if we empower them with knowledge. Making our world fun and easy, using simple rhymes, is an effective tool.
Jojo the Cat is the first in a series of children's picture books that follow Jojo through all of his great and exciting adventures.
Discover the Mystery with The Oddness Crew as they set sail to uncover this highly interactive Children's Book … w/ over 20 activities!
The fantastical adventures of Louis Light-Saber in the hideous Land of the Burnouts, home of the Evil Bogan; a quest like none other!
Squeaky Shoe Stories presents creative, character-driven children's books, involving the biggest trucks, lost socks and more
Monsters are fun… Pledge and get one. We're making 3 children books that are going to be super fun! Reading is good for kids!
Non-Fiction Children's book to help children if a parent needs a kidney transplant or has chosen to become an organ donor.
In this book Panda explores a Christmas tree, snow and presents for the first time! Follow Sophie and Panda as their friendship grows!
Karbon turns to diamond!  A character named Karbon doesn't believe that he/she is precious and can achieve greatness.
This is an illustrated children's book filled with cats, dragons, adventure family, friendship, witches, wizards and magic!
My first kids book, The Grand Stories of the All Too Adventurous Alex. Mascot publishers would like to publish into a cont. series.
This fun children's book, Drawn by a child for children, is based on a Japanese Creation Myth.
It's "A Story of Truth and a Ticket to Heaven". Don't keep the excitement of Christmas a secret. Tell everyone on earth!
A light-hearted and entertaining picture book appealing to all audiences.  A source of motivation for wheelchair bound children.
A picture book and teaching method for helping children of all ability levels learn the geography of The United States.
An illustrated story about a boy who has nightmares about monsters and other scary things but not to worry, because 'Daddy's near'.
I need the funding for the 3rd Book in my Christian Fantasy Series. It is a hit on Wattpad with over a million reads collectively.
New stories, old stories, fat ones and thin, 
We love making tales with a musical spin!

www.storyday.co.uk
I Know How to Bon Jour is a beautiful English/French book for children who are discovering the joys of being bilingual.
Helping kids (ages 2-5) with the early literacy skills we teach in story time through laminated activity books with a dry erase marker.
Dolly is a childrens storybook about teaching kids that even though divorce can happen they are still loved.
This is a coloring/activity book about an elf that likes to make clothes. It is to get kids to enjoy getting clothes for Christmas.
Cultivating a life-long love of reading through beautifully illustrated  digital children's books available in a variety of languages.
An exciting YA legal thriller and civics curriculum that harnesses the power of story to teach students about our judicial system.
Follow Taylor and Zack as they discover a unique telescope with the amazing ability to transport them to the object they are viewing!
teaching kids another language made simple.  Name of the picture in two languages, phonetically spelled out for easy pronunciation.
A book series that answers the tech questions that your child (or boss) asks... From networking to clouds, we help explain I.T.
Beautiful illustrations tell the story of two children that come upon a strange wall built by Drumpf the mean pumpkin.
One girls adventure through adoption, family road trips, and managing her superpowers.
An children's activity book that allows Parent and Child to delve into the world of creativity, imagination and the unknown!!
The Real Mother Goose:  Selections told by Mom and Dad.  The title says it all. an audio book filled the the famous Nursery Rhymes.
A series of 7 children's picture books involving little angels under the supervision of Darling, their cloud mother and the Gatekeeper.
We're crafting stories for kids around causes we believe in. This way, the stories don't have to end.
Interactive toy making baby anticipation fun & educational for Big Brothers/Sisters. 1st kids product to use gender neutral pronouns.
Once upon a time in a kingdom next to yours there lived a young Knight named Ben..Story to inspire Bravery and Independence in children
Help Kitty Cat find her hat. This children's ebook will feature both endearing drawings and fully interactive 3D models.
The Twelve Laws of Santa Claus™ is an illustrated book for everyone of any age by Christopher Hogan Lay.
City Kitties teaches kindness & humanity by introducing feral cats to children & creatively discussing rescue, fostering and adoption.
Colorfully illustrated case of Mr. Beets' diabetic journey in the hospital through the eyes of a child.
One mans adventure during a 45,000km global circumnavigation on an old Motorcycle spanning over 24 countries and 4 continents. 2 Books.
Ever wonder what's its like to work in a library? Then look no further! Actually, look further; this is NOT a how-to guide. Enjoy!
Colorful, Challenges, Learning Skills, Funny, Small Motor Skills, Inspiring, Exciting, Enhancing the Imagination of Kids of All Ages.
We are expecting in September and started writing a series of children's books for our daughter. We would love to share them with you!
Inspired by our own bedtime routine, the poem "Goodnight, Goodnight" was born. I can't wait to share this lovely book with the world.
Evee Dreamer is an exciting new series of children's books about a young and adventurous space explorer!
Take the power of storytelling into your own hands!
Hoping to take these fun colorful children's books to the next level!
The best series of books and characters since the Mr Men
The Award winning short film seen by millions around the world is becoming a Children's book!
Children's book of colourful illustrations, covering the full alphabet while highlighting common road safety issues
Seven year old boy writes a book for a school project about the game Skylanders and attracted the attention of Sklylander's executives
The Adventures of Tommy Chase is an ongoing fiction series for children.  It includes plenty of humor and edge-of-your-seat action.
Two kids enjoying life in a a small unnamed town on the outskirts of Hell.
Boy shouts,"RUN DOG! RUN!" inviting you into his world of sunshine, mud and more, running wild and free with his beloved companion Dog.
Series of fairytales, where the leading roles are filled by princesses with a disability, cancer, or illness.
Jennifer offers a loving home and family to a rescue dog she names Willow, learning the importance and responsibilities of adopting.
Charlie Jean- once to be thought an artistic Virtuoso was shaken by a sitter just before turning 3. This is her Art before her injury!
Author Sybil Nelson creates a collector's edition of her Award Winning Middle Grade series Priscilla the Great.
My son & I created a series of children’s books to help kids learn to read & learn healthy life skills for a happier healthier life.
Eight year old Harper and her little bro Simon have just moved into a new town - Doomsville. What lies in wait, the Suburban Monsters.
Its a children's book about a little princess that has a nightmare. When she wakes, her hair is standing straight out.
It's inevitable. It's Christmastime, and thousands of little kids will be asking for the truth about Santa. So what will we tell them?
Artfully illustrated book for ages 1+ about a self-centered clam, a cunning star-fish and a treasured pearl. Perfect bedtime story.
I want people to look at life in a different way. Use your mind to see more than there is. See different worlds in everyday life.
This is unique for the activitys encourage the child to create their own drawings,allowing their own imagination expressed
“Daddy, I don’t wanna to!” “I don’t wanna go pee-pee in the potty!” “He looks scary.”
Fully illustrated book along with short 5 minute 2d animated video of the book
Heavens is an metaphysical fantasy book made for the children who survived growing up. Part C.S. Lewis, part Harry Potter, all Love.
A colorful children's book we can all relate to, about the beauty in our individuality and the power of our collective impact.
A children’s story about the adventures of Reginald, who is half reindeer and half moose and doesn’t fit in with the other reindeer.
Mr. Venus Fly Trap weaves a sinister tale to unsuspecting bugs about a fabulous trapeze. Suzy Stink Bug makes a stink to save the day.
Fun, interactive children's book series and songs encourage timeless character qualities.
What is a Bee to do when she was born with wings too small to fly? Victoria Bee finds that there is more to being a Bee than wings.
The exciting day in the life of a dragonfly that lives (and hunts) in a pond.
Cyborg-bears, tricky snow monkeys, heroic penguins and space ships… Entertainment awaits.
Can you see God in Creation? How? Even devout believers in God can not provide concrete examples. This e-book will!
Everyone needs to be able to communicate.  This book reaches out to help children who have communication problems.
Promotion of Clown Character and Book, "Grammie Glitter's Garden".
Sasquatch for Dinner is magically illustrated and written with a great wit!
The Kootie Kids have collectively schemed the reason why their fluctuation takes place and it is unlike anything you could imagine.
Inspire and inform kids about cutting-edge science careers with this educational storybook and app where they are the hero!
How do you explain to young children what life is like in a combat zone? The book shows a lighter/funny side to deployment.
The Mighty Knights is an imaginative children's book I want to print in hardcover.
My goal is to have my picture book published. The book is about overcoming obstacles in a fun,educational and optimistic way.
A charming and original kids storybook app featuring stunning hand made illustrations and a happy little story.
On a mission to teach the importance of her Love, Care, Share message. It's time for positive change on planet Earth. You can help!
Peter the wizard boy.... learn how peter turned his love for wizards into the most exciting adventure of a lifetime. a must for kids.
A story about staying true to yourself and not allowing pressures of the world change you. Told through the wonderful world of farting.
Follow Downy's adventures as he discovers his importance in the Ecosystem of the Forest and finds he is perfectly adapted to survive.
A 3 book series dealing with feelings kids have when obstacles block their goals, like fitting in and perservering.
Back My Children's Book "Hello Harry", will use funds to market, distribute and translate into other languages.
A Kingdom goes topsy-turvy when an overambitious prince applies a new science that aims at counting Every. Single. Little.Thing.
Children's book about a zany little kitten who befriends a lonely little boy as they set out on an entertaining journey together.
Helping children build strong character one book at a time. Sharing His books through ours.
These children's black history books acknowledge and highlight the achievements', and talents of the Pan African community, then & now.
Independence passes as History. History isn't over. We need ideas, not One, nor Two, but many—the best. We yearn to be free.
We want to create an audio version of our eBook. Narration, music, audio effects will transport kids inside the book's story !
A series of books with quirky characters that children will love, helping to educate about a variety of foods.
Children's book based on the idea of a Goofy Gators that allows children to accept those that are different and embrace themselves
The pages will allow a child to develop familiarity with natural textures and colors such as bark, faux fur, velvet, burlap, sand, etc
Book series inspired by true events of a 1st grade boy struggling with the idea of needing to be perfect everyday.
We need your help to print 1000 books so we can personally drive them across country and donate them to children in need. Thank you! :)
The New Adventures of Tristan the Teddy Bear the Cuddly Defender who bumps back at the Monsters in the night...
Not really books, but a series of fully sound-designed audio files that kids play while they read along with their beloved books.
When Erin loses her way, the little fairy, Seven helps her guide her back on the correct path of being a gifted lightworker.
The adventures of Kratos is a sucessfull childrens book series about my enetergetic boxer. I have 4 out now.
A 24 volume series of bible stories written as classic nursery rhymes
A fun illustrated children's book, written in rhyme, that teaches about family values and innovative thinking.
Children book (for ages 3-8) teaches how to build self-esteem and reduce power struggles through choices. Based on play therapy theory.
We want to build a magical subscription service that sends young children fortnightly, personalised fairytales and craft activities.
When is the right time to teach kids about business?  Right now!  In this fun book, Penelope does just that!
Two dads, a pediatrician and a web designer, write a charming, age-appropriate book to instill an early love of code for kids under 5
Two separate stories that I wrote about my daughter that I want to be able to give those stories to my little girl and share with ever.
A book based on makaton for young kids. Too learn and communicate with the use of sign and hand movement.
Chloe is the star of her own world. What better way to let a star shine, then to bring them to life in a colorful children's book.
We want to teach elementary level kids about voting by inspiring tens of 1000s+ of "Caramel Apple Elections" across the USA this Fall.
Eliza bottom is a character that I invented for a children's novel with the hope of helping real children with difficult lives
Encouraging children's book that teaches kids about how giraffes get their long necks, along with the idea to never give up and believe
Sozo-Teki.Tales are an assorted collection of 12 early reader picture books from Author/Illustrator Brad Barnes!
A book that brings a different perceptive on bullying. For parents as well as our children. We can't fix what we don't acknowledge!
The adventures of a boy named Matojo and his abundant hair. A children's story full of adventure, imagination and great lessons.
Ned & the Nine Nasty Nosepickers is a children's book with pictures for only the first four pages and is searching for the rest!
We've created some of the best interactive content for kids on iOS--help us bring that to Android, Windows Store, and Facebook!
A children's book and toy project through which children can learn to identify and avoid behavior that leads to bullying.
It's tribal storytelling time! We’re training a group of Native youth in storytelling and hosting the Northwest Native American Storytelling Festival!
Free download world wide.14 songs for preschool, kindergarten, and first grade. Available to all children for free.
Owley A'brella and the Storm King join forces and use the power of the wind to find friendly animals.
Two books to communicate a message that provides a moral compass for young people.
Honeybee!
Elizabeet is a kids book, about a beet.
Trixie, our third-grade hero, flips a gold fish for a mansion. Angelo Mozilo, CEO of Countrywide, shows her the way to hell.    
Hilariously funny illustrated kids story that children cannot stop reading and adults cannot stop laughing at.
Monster Kids Academy is the best fantasy book series for children on magical ways to overcome childhood bullying.
We bring parents and children together in uplifting discussion through profound, thought provoking, and sometimes very funny questions.
Simon the Scaredy Cat is a charming series of stories addressing children’s fears, and providing positive resolution for those fears.
There is thunderous rejoicing going on in heaven. Amos has his assignment. See a glimpse of the glorious plan God has for your arrival
Started in the most unlikely of places, an Army Veteran's war journal, comes the children's story of a young Polliwog named "Erby"...
First day of school is hard for children, lets encourage them to be brave and face their new environment and make new friends.
The Pumping Machine is a children's book about how the human heart works. Although its a children's book, learning is great at any age!
I'm writing a series of children's books addressing life with an autistic sibling, featuring my two children -- Bug & Zooby.
Caroline and Rebecca learn the consequences of not listening to Mom-and of not putting on sunblock.
A female-driven, scientifically factual, picture book for kids. Help us turn it into an app and give girls a pro-S.T.E.M. role model.
Freddie is a friendly little frog who ventures from the security of his small pond with his best friend to learn valuable life-lessons.
A great poetry and colorfully illustrated book for children written to warm hearts and encourage time with children. Worth sharing!
I found a way to distill complicated scientific concepts into stories for children. My 4 year old loves them, her teacher amazed.
An illustrated book series exploring the issues daily life with a familiar nursery rhyme effects, and actual photos.
Fun illustrations and astonishing facts about the human body, written to encourage children to love their amazing bodies!
Chase and Kaylee unlock the secret of the Dynamo when a magic label stuck to Kaylee’s forehead makes her LOST.
From the Wizard of Oz Scrambled Eggs to Captain Hook Pirate Cake, Cinderella's Breakfast will delight both children and adults alike.
A modern fairy tale about the power of pure love to overcome the ordinary and grow us into our extraordinary selves.
The epic adventures of a courageous disabled boy and his dog, whom through imagination, travel throughout magical lands.
"Abandoned Bunny" is a story about friendship, family, and growing up. Taking an animated short and turning it into a children's book.
The Han Shan Chronicles. Adventures inspired by the world's wisdom traditions about a boy's magical connection to Nature.
An inspirational story about a girl who, despite being bullied, discovers courage to tell others about it and help end the bullying.
An innovative and fun way for children to learn numbers, geometry, the alphabet and how to handle emergency situations.
The story of a tiny worm who builds a balloon to explore the forest but gets lost in a storm.
A book that teaches your child how to ask the question to get the correct answer in Spanish.You have to start with the question!
Foster kids can do amazing things, They just need someone to give them a chance to thrive.
Harmony on the Ocean is about Harmony, who learns about ocean life and how her food choices impact these beautiful creatures.
I am working on a children's book. Come on Mom's..we all have a cape in the back of our closets.
Baby Dragon is a story about a young dragon trying to find his place in the world and within his family of seven older brother dragons.
Do you find it hard to find intelligent, challenging fiction that teaches your children about science and the natural world?
Welcome to the Wrinkle Rabbit's first adventure! This story follows a family of rabbits, focusing on three siblings.
This children's book series teaches self-love, gratitude, kindness, positive thought principles, optimism, clarity and happiness.
Honoring my horse Faith and helping kids cope with the fear of moving with my new children's book.
A charming little Christmas story about the magic of Christmas Trees, allowing children to start a whole new tradition with them.
Treasure Hunt with the Munch Crunch Bunch is a story/activity book that empowers kids to eat healthy.
Author Tony Roberts tells a story of a magnificent golden dragon and a boy called Alfie. Full colour illustrated children's book.
Help me give away 500 copies of my picture book so more kids will know US geography!
How-to book of toys and games constructed from materials found in nature, recyclable and easily available.
How Santa finds childrens homes without getting lost by following certain stars.
My Budding Bears are four teddy bears living in an enchanted garden sharing friendship, tea parties and delightful adventures.
I am writing an illustrated book for children ages 3 to 7 that meshes technology in everyday life stories.
Jambie is a children's book geared towards kids ages 4-9 years of age. This book teaches young children about making wise decisions.
An animated bedtime story with Dedka, Babka and the rest of the family working together on a BIG problem
“It’s Okay to Wait” is the story of a father who sits down with his adolescent daughter to have “the talk” about sex.
Raph the Ninja Giraffe is a project that is my 5 year old sons idea, & I am working with him to bring his idea to life.
A story about two friends who part ways because they are different, then reunite after learning they both are made of atoms.
Hello Vermont are books that demonstrate the 4 seasons. Subtitles: Soggy Spring, Sizzling Summer, Fabulous Fall & Winter Wonderland.
See the little boy in the photo? Doesn't he look angelic? Wouldn't you like to read his story? Take a look at this.......
Parents know the pain of rereading bad bedtime stories. I want to write stories that all ages will enjoy
Building the inner wealth of children builds stronger families, schools and communities. Peaceful and positive relationships flourish.
Kids Radio Theatre is a radio show played on National Pubic Radio to teach children all about theatre every Sunday 20 states.
A young girl’s journey into a world of superheroes—exploring love, compassion and acceptance with mystical creatures from far away.
Thisis a children's story.It teaches family values and about other animals in the forest.It teaches the value of friendship also.Thanks
Mariah is an illustrated story of a girl and a tiny Mermaid.
Make  your own Mermaid Doll with the included knitting or sewing pattern!
Our Moon is a simple book based on a nightly tradition my mother and youngest son started while I was working away.
Aimed @ toddlers, this "tickle game" book depicts a barn on the lefthand page, & a living-room scene on the right, with inset Chinese.
Meet our soon-to-come alive heroine, the golden warhorse that saves children in distress and helps in winning battles... Annabel
A children's book that shares the importance of hope, love and giving. It will be donated to children's hospitals across the U.S.
A spunky guided journal for kids designed with love to encourage a sense of fun, connection & gratitude in the world we live in.
Inspirational children's book that praises the vast potential of our youth today.  Every child deserves to hear the sky is the limit!
Spiders are wonderful aren't they? We can all agree on that. But do you know just how wonderful? If you don't, Toby Vok certainly does.
The Adventures of Maisie the Border Collie is a Children's Book series about an artistic Boder Collie.
This is a children's book which encourages children to find their voice,  stand up for themselves, and to be just a little bit uppity.
The Brunch Bunch is an exciting new children's book series.  Each volume tells a exciting tale and provides a brunch recipe to share!
Hawthorne is a fresh comical story in which a small fish learns to swim with other fish in a school.
A children's book that promotes creativity and imagination, I am done illustrating and writing, just need to print it . 
New Children's book series that has 3rd - 5th grade vocabulary but content appropriate for advanced readers from 1st grade up.
A children's book for EVERY CHILD and EVERY FAMILY!

There are so many different families! What they ALL have in common is LOVE!
I am writing a second book, this time it will be in full color and will have a app that can be switched to color it on the app.
This children's picture book series follows two lovable characters and their daily misadventures.  Your children will love them!
The Adventures of Team Apple, A book about three Superhero Vegetarian Teens from the inner-city of Chicago, Defeating Unhealthy Villans
Kingfisher and Wren conveys the importance of honesty, courage, perseverance, and love through verses extolling the virtues of morality
Need funds for a book about a boy with a spinal injury, the super wheel chair his father builds, and inspiring adventures that follow.
"Treat them with respect; because, along with us, birds are one of the only other creatures to still be around today" ~ Grandpa Gator
This would be my first children book created in a hard copy.
Scarlett & Mason Embark on a magical adventure of discovery and exploration giving you a child's eye view of this wonderful city.
Welcome to the world of Wee Willie and his beloved rescue pups! This series will enchant, engage and encourage young readers.
Four year old magician,Trentles, his sister, Nums, and his magical stuffed dog, Woo Woo, explore the sensational magic a smile creates.
Get set to dance your way through New Orleans with this Jazzy Kid's Book! Put on your Purple Pants & come join the parade!
Book 4 will help readers understand how to read the treble clef lines on the music staff
Reginald catches Santa on Christmas Eve. To his surprise, Santa was not white as he had always been told, he was Brown same as Reginald
The story of a little dinosaur who overcomes adversity and makes her dream of flight come true, all while making amazing friends.
A poetic blend of creativity that fuses science and spirituality to discuss conception, motherhood and fatherhood for parent and child.
This story goes into the view that children have on the world, it is a different perspective to the way we see things.
Here's one of several coloring books we have in the iBookStore, this happens to be #1 in the "Children Nonfiction" selection too.
Introducing the world of Daisy Button - a series built around seven relatable and talented characters who believe Anything Is Possible!
Brooklyn’s Lisbel expects culture shock on a service trip to rural Honduras, but not between herself and the suburban kids on the trip.
Follow the outlandish adventures at Sugar High where the 2 worlds of sugary characters collide, The "Sweets" vs "Healthies".
Have you ever wanted to publish a book for your kids? It can be a lot of work. My goal is to publish and help others publish as well.
Chip the Chef is a children's picture book that follows a young boy as he makes what he thinks are the snacks his mom suggests.
Phantasie sollte stets gefördert werden. Mit diesen 9 Geschichten unterstützen Sie ihr Kind dabei. Und lernen dabei selbst zu träumen
The Hare On The Chair consists of a storybook and a toy Hare that reports to the Easter bunny and encourages good behavior at Easter.
Your First Golf Lesson is an entertaining introduction to the game of golf for even the littlest aspiring golfer in your life.
Our smiles are a big as our dreams
A series of fantastical books about science. The planned books are: Gears and Motors, Food Science, and Ecosystems.
Looking for help in achieving funds for the cost of illustration and publication of my first children's book about empowering girls.
Our series uses baseball to instill strong morals, encourage teamwork and motivate physical activity in youth worldwide.
The Princess Series is a group of books that teach children and adults the POWER of God's LOVE and the wonderment of his creations.
I have written an amazing children's book about how God gives each of us a special purpose. Together we can get this book published!
Pen-O-Vita is a storybook of Magical Pen, Adventurous Dragon and a boy- Written by 7 yr old Boy. Full of Fun, Morale, Bravery n Magic
A boy gets caught in the devious plans of adults - he is falsely accused - and, maybe, finds one person to trust. Literature for kids.
Baker’s Passport Activity Kits take kids on a fun adventure in the kitchen where they learn to bake & explore a new language!
I am trying to self publish a book that I wrote for my son. It is a fun story that I am sure many children will enjoy!
A children's book about a little girl that falls over at school and is treated by a nurse practitioner in the Emergency Room.
A Proposal For Verifying The Reliability of Our Understanding of Earth, Based Upon A Random Teenager's Understanding of Earth.
My dream is to publish my children's book that tells a story of mermaids, seahorses and cowfish!  Whimsical western theme and learning!
Hope & Gwen join an archaeological expedition to England's Jurassic Coast & Pompeii, Italy to study & write about their discoveries.
This is a magical book that easily lends itself to being a children's book app.  This Kickstarter is to bring this book to life!
Book inspired by my 8 year old daughter Charli. Children's illustrated book plus a pattern for a tooth fairy pillow designed by Charli.
I wish to publish this story of tolerance and brotherhood for young readers.
Traditional and Conservative Children story eBook with American legends and folklore
Child ID & Health Record book is a simple way to keep all your child's information, medical history and records in one place!
Rhyming children's book series that includes an animal or insect who learns a lesson in every story. Andy the Ant is the first book.
A short narrative based on a Ninja determined to be The Champion. Finding himself in fatal situations, he must fight to survive!
The Forgetti Yetti is a story about a lovable yet forgetful yetti. Join us as he discovers there are some things he can never forget.
A fun, inspiring and interactive writing set that will uncover the writer in any child. Making literacy FUNdamental!
We are here to provide a head start on health, wellness and self-awareness through the age-old traditions of yoga and storytelling.
YourBookMyBook.com is proud to introduce, K.C.’s Book Night Live! Come join us at the William H. Thomas Art Gallery
Whimsical tale of a young boy whom learns a valuable lesson in the consequences of his seemingly innocent actions.
An inspiring book to empower young girls around the world. Join Lola in promoting the magnificence of girls!
Hello!
I am here to request starter funding for my book!
It started 10 years ago as a poem for my son.
"Trick or Treating" is disappearing!  Please help keep this tradition alive.
I want to create a children's book range in a dual language format, in both English and Irish to promote the Irish language.
Provides children with an understanding of where dairy products come from and presents links to past methods of homesteading and craft.
A twelve book series based on life's complexities in children when traumatic events take place, with solutions to lead productive lives
Group of 12 year old boys want to create books of short stories about what teen issues are happening. Today teens need a voice.
My first written and illustrated book for kids will introduce young children to the role of lawyers in the community.
This picture book depicts the tale of a rag doll that escapes from captivity. She meets a bear who needs her as much as she needs him.
A children's book designed to teach children manners for riding airplanes using monsters as examples of how not to act.
A children's picture book that teaches the alphabet and letter recognition by asking a child what their birthday cake is made out of.
I Know I Can! is an awesome children’s book that inspires little girls to dream big, take action, and exceed their own expectations!
World Fairy Tales series teaching 3 -7 year olds about different countries, their cultures & customs. Kids detective series for 7-12 yr
Join our Art Club: kids propose and vote for the artist who will illustrate the next issue. New month, new coloring book, new worldview
A beautiful rhyming story that teaches your child about overcoming jealousy & standing up to big scary monsters!
Simon the Scaredy Cat is a charming series of stories addressing children’s fears, and providing positive resolution for those fears.
This is a Children's Book that teaches little girls they don't always have to be pretty, pink princesses when they grow up!!!
The first book in a planned series about a child that helps a monster who is afraid of everything learn to face and overcome his fears.
Mopey is a mini horse who loves to go on adventures, ask questions and meet new animals. The books art was done by a very young girl
My son is struggling being an only child, I want to write a book to help others explain why "mommies belly can't grow any more babies"
Where's Cassidy? Harper age three and Pop search the house, yard, roof and cellar. Cassidy the Cat has left in Pop's car. Harris Green
A charming story about 2 friends who visit the fair for the very first time. This is a calming book aimed at 2 - 5 year old children.
Bring adventure to a child's summer reading. Help turn a good story into a great book with this creative writing learning experience!
Help publish my book about Aubie and his friends deciding what they want to be when they grow up. Illustrations by Tiffany Everett.
A hand-painted storybook of all the nightmare-inducing monsters from movies and TV (both new and old) that go bump in the night.
Completing & Publishing book 2 in my "Jewel of Dahleigh" Series that is already capturing the minds of children and adults everywhere.
A gap in the children's book market: a gripping yet educational story about a little girl discovering the magical world of music.
A colony of Ground Squirrels show us all, the value of protecting one’s cultural of origin, respecting the earth and our community.
An alphabet book with BITE!
It's time to turn the blog into a book and put the stories to paper that were written for my children when they were young.
Twin fairies race to save themselves & their friends from a witch's spell in this middle-grade fantasy adventure about courage.
Increases self-confidence helping your child to feel comfortable when sleeping alone or facing other stressful situation.
Switch Witch children's book and doll is an enchanting Halloween tradition that helps get rid of too much candy from trick-or-treating!
This project was founded by two brothers (ages 5 and 6) who want to help save and preserve animals around the world one book at a time.
Its not only a kids book, it's also educational but most of all ...it's A LOVE STORY!!!
My Monster Under the Bed is the fun story of a boy named Max who finds a new best friend who happens to be the monster under his bed.
A girl falling in love, but ends up in a massive struggle. Shiver and Fears are the new book series soon to be in stores near you.
On July 1st, this book project was permitted sale worldwide. I am a University student and personal ability is too low for marketing.
A shy,young girl's love for books and gardening, help her overcome loss, loneliness, and the ability to accept changes in her life.
A positive non political children's book created to teach both young and old that both parties have America's best interest in mind!
Society prevalent situation: The economical consequences of technology and automation replacing traditional skills.
This fun children's book is a tale of a two different cultures learning to live in harmony with one another. A fun tale of dragons.
Fisherman from ages 2-102 will enjoy Fisher's day in the stream.  Join me in helping him jump from the stream into an ebook!
My first children's book that I want to get printed and published!
Find out what happens when mommy and daddy bring a monkey home instead! Make the future for kids brighter while enjoying this Story!
A children's book based on a lost bear trying to find his way home, with puzzles to solve as he travels across the globe
Illustrator Jessica Dean has created beautiful depictions of this story.  She studied under former DreamWorks artist Wade Huntsman.
Books about inspiring Jewish people to be Jewish and lead happy, contented lives
Book son found in attic after 40 yrs. Mother wrote and painted, son published for her before mom dies, she cried when I gave to her.
Sharing fourteen life stories on being mentored and becoming mentors.
Helping homeless animals find homes and children learn to read. Children's book and felt set promoting pet, character, & literacy educ.
A children's early reader about a young bear, who wanted to be just like his dad, who was a champion wrestling bear. Follow his dream.
Wij staan voor een wereld vol creativiteit en beginnen bij kinderen!
We believe in a world full of creativity, we start with children!
This is a story about a boy – a sweet and mischievous boy that is caught in the web of the Family Law Court System.
A charming children's picture book about a friendly slug who is afraid of his own voice.
An inspiring story about a boy facing and overcoming changes in his family dynamics with the help of nature and the forest animals.
I am looking to publish a series of books that will help young children to gain a love of cooking through reading fun stories!
The Little Dogs Adventures-
Fifth Avenue Fun Two dogs escape while their owners are away. They go to The Metropolitan Museum of Art.
TINEE lives in Cloud Village. She loves to FLY! She tickles her nose & exciting things happen. Lessons in Adventure, Science & Wonder.
A series of children's books that will emphasize strength & independence for girls. "Girls can do anything they want to do!"
This is a very special project for me as it encompasses the love I have for my granddaughter and the memories we have built together.
This book will teach young children a range of Spanish words,for example,animals, bugs, sea creatures, shapes, numbers, colors, & more!
Sugar, spice and everything nice? Not my kids. In these rhymes, bad kids get it good. (And hopefully learn a lesson, too.)
Sunny is a Paradise Fish who lives with his sister and friends. He is presented with challenges that will put his strength to the test.
The Dream Warriors children's book is about a secret group of highly trained teddy bears that keep kids safe from nightmares.
Learning to whistle can be tough and SugarPaw knows all about that. But what do vegetables and whistling have in common? It's a secret!
My project is to publish my children's book "Willy Wilmer and His Cool Wheelchair" Willy Moves to Curb-ville.
Little children have little attention spans.  I have written a book that contains three little stories about friendship and gratitude.
A quick adventure for young readers.
Reading level 9-12 years old
About a poodle named Bella and Chihuahua Charlie who teach subtle life lessons about nature, manners and how to get along with others.
An Alphabet Colouring Book, with realistic colourful illustrations and matching blank illustrations for children to colour-in.
Take a journey with us through beautiful watercolors and clever rhyming. Share zombies with your family in a fun, nonthreatening way!
Sunny introduces young children to their emotions, the environment and our solar system through the means of a fun book.
Now that my book is published I need to get the word out. I've just hired a PR firm, and now I want to create a plush Hermann toy.
A children's book about a young boy who unwillingly becomes friends with the annoying kid in his class.
A close-up & educational look at excavators that any child (or adult) that loves construction vehicles will enjoy.
Come follow Jasper as he travels to outer space with his chocolate chip spaceship.  This children's book helps kids learn about space!
Meet Action Jaxon!  He is a lovable, slightly silly, lab puppy.  Tag along as we explore his adventures with his friends.
For ages 3-5, lessons stem from one of a kind poetic stories saturated with the letter. Learn the alphabet like never before.
You will delight in the full-color artwork by Faith Thomas, you will enjoy the life lessons taught by Mama Bird and Papa Bird.
MyBookshelf will give free memberships to families of visually impaired children and military families stationed overseas.
Your Journey to the Cossacks warriors, dragons and justice! You will see it for the first time!
Michelle Diaz Cannon's upcoming book "Remember When" is an inspiring tale of triumphing over adversity, for kids 2-6 and adults alike.
Hi folks!  We are a 2-person team that is passionate about creating narrated CHILDREN'S STORIES & books for your little ones to enjoy!!
Jede Geschichte in diesem Buch beinhaltet eine gute Tat, hat ein gutes Ende und lehrt dem Kind positives.
Grace and Curtis teach simple Montessori principles like caring for yourself, caring for others, and caring for the environment.
This entertaining picture story book encompasses all of our passions - empowering children, nature, art and personal growth.
A monkey on a motorcycle and a goldfish in the circus, what more needs to be said?
I have written, illustrated, published, and marketed 1 of 10 books in an heirloom children's book series that I need help to finish.
Leave playground taunts to the history books. Through education, kids with eczema, obesity, Downs & more can be understood and accepted
The most important thing to remember to include in your day?!
Well, being silly of course! 
this book helps you do just that.
15 short stories to empower kids with good morals and character values as they strive to be extraordinary in a world of entitlement.
Genitals are excellent. There is little to no artwork existing in homage to penis. I shall make it into an adult coloring book.
You never know what someone is capable of until you get to know them.
This is a book about an elf that likes to make clothes. It is meant to get kids to enjoy getting clothes for Christmas.
Blessed with a grandson and he is a curious one. Life was made to be adventurous and fun. To see the book click inside and take a look.
Grab your gear and just go play with the Gearketeers! 14 children's books that promote sportsmanship, being active, and fun.
Ace The Golfer introduces kids to the game of golf in this fun, vibrant and modern picture book.
Share with your children the importance of being true to themselves by learning with Roger the Easter Giraffe.
A wonderful story about a young boy who learns the secret to how the impossible can be possible for us all!
The first of five e-book children stories, about the love and life's lessons we learn from our pets.
Can you imagine what life would be like without children's literature? Get ready to embark on the adventures of Bouki and Malis tales
The LGBT community is limited in many ways when starting a family. I would love to give those parents/kids stories they can relate to.
A children's book having colorful ethnic dolls with short descriptions & maps, encouraging children to learn world culture & geography
A grandfather rediscovers imagination and wonder in everyday adventures through his grandson.
This is the story of a young baseball fan that idolizes a baseball player, only to realize that his Dad is his REAL hero!
The Original Sandy Sandman and their Dreamland Friends
Desiring to bring imaginative and diverse beginner, ESL, and special needs reading books to children and classrooms.
Join us in bringing the lizards and frogs of Lizard Lick, NC, to life in this children's story about how this town got its name.
Adventures in the life of "Teenie", the winged fairy-dog tales. Along with her colorful fairy winged dog pals, they head out to fun!
A vibrant, picture-rich book about the different moods and feelings experienced on any given day.
Let's get A is for Applesauce and Zita into the hands of as many children, schools, and libraries as we can!
Inviting an elephant to tea is no small task and must be done properly. Learn how to host the perfect elephant tea party!
"Dare to be Hipp-o" is the theme of the book.  Loopiethotamus, an innovative and refreshing character that will steal your heart.
The story of a little shopping cart with a wobbly wheel and his wish to become perfect, just to be accepted.
Spread your wings to embrace this adorable series of childrens' storybooks. Pigs, horses, dogs, snakes, frogs, something for everyone.
Publishing a children's picture book following the adventures of Smiley Quinn Reilly aboard the silly animal-filled world of the Magic Dream Train!
I was burned from playing with fire! This book is a great read that will allow you to learn from my mistake.
A peep into the lives of two small friends and their day to day adventures. See the world through their eyes.
A children's picture book about compassion, love, and the unlimited power of the human spirit.
The Spoken Series is a revolutionary literary project that amplifies genius through imaginative storytelling and intellectual challenge
Join Herriot the adventurous honey bee on her exciting journeys across the world from her hometown, Bristol. First stop, London!
Help me make my children's book "Hand Puppet Horror" into an audiobook!
I need an illustrator for short book for child 3-10 with food allergies. Perspective of child with allergies, thoughts & feelings.
A colorful Night-Time children's book.
A cute plush fox and book to help ease separation anxiety and help kids transition to a new school experience.
A music book designed to teach young toddlers, even infants, to read music with a unique color coded learning method.
In a beautiful infinite forest, war is waged between the Noble Birds and voracious bats
The detective novel is about three eleven years old friend who  listen to the plan two thieves by chance. Their adventure begins.
Providing looked after children and young people with the information they deserve in an interesting way.
Meet The Drumables - The simplest and most fun way to teach 3 - 8 year olds how to play the drum kit, with lessons, music and games!
in photos, you see the life of my little yorkie, collete. you will see her life, meet her family & see her with many of her friends.
A Childrens book that promotes putting a stop on bullying
Maylaya, Creations of the Goddess, is a beautifully illustrated story  reminding us that we are all of Divine Nature and Origin.
A shy boy learns how to embrace his inner emperor, with the help of a spotlight and some red boxers.
The Dawn of Steampunk Rises on a Faraway Planet called Earth.
"An Awesome Afternoon At Apple Avenue" is an "ABC'n'Say" children's book that explores the sights and sounds of the alphabet.
Sometimes a dragon is a dragon and sometimes a dragon just wants to make you breakfast.
Annie is not alone in this world because she lives in the realm of imagination with her best friend, an invisible lion named Tandi
I am trying to raise money to advertise my book across the country about Rheumatoid Arthritis.  This is a true story about my family.
This Project goes well beyond just promoting my first children's book. It's about opportunities & inspiring children to realize dreams!
The D.A.R.K. Brown Girl is a collection of books that I  wrote and illustrated that cater to minority girls. The books teach self love.
I am creating a picture book for children, with awesome photos and informative scientific knowledge.
Sshhh! It's a secret. This is one of the best kids' books you'll ever read. Donate now before the toilet cleaning squirrel goes nuts!
An exciting adventure of two children,  who live on a ranch high in the Rockies, and their very special pet.
Help us create a book that empowers children to feel great about themselves: 1/2 of the first production run to children's hospice
Help us create a calm and peaceful world, and reduce tantrums by putting a Calm Down Kit into the hands of children everywhere.
I'd like to publish my two Ojibwe language children's books, my "young reader" books and the 2012 Ojibwe Language calendar.
True story about a goat that jumped into our truck from out of nowhere at a carwash
Startup children's book author trying to fund a new beautifully illustrated children's book about a boy and his dragon friends.
A fun  coloring book for children with easy recipes. Perfect  for preparing wonderful things to eat for  friends and family.
This is a children's tale about a group of little Mithra babies who have adventures and fun and even learn lessons along the way!
Follow the Girl Who Carried A Mountain on her journey, she carries more than a mountain on her shoulders.
This beautifully illustrated children's book gives you the opportunity to relate to your kids and their interests - and it's fun!
Thor the Puppy is the story of Thor, a brave dog that never forgot to smile. This tale is great for kids and animal lovers of all ages!
Solve sudoku puzzles with stickers instead of pencils. A fun way to teach logic puzzles to kids. Warning: They're addictive!
A book designed to inspire kids to play around with words and create the understanding that friends will like you for being yourself.
An interactive history mystery featuring the history, geography and folklore of Ireland! An unusual game that only YOU can solve!
A picture book of *British birds* fashioned in a way appealing to toddlers.  A refreshing change from farm or zoo animal books.
This rhyming picture book tells the 'tail' of a shelter dog named Yoyo and her boy Ethan, as they each race to their own finish lines.
A wholesome, educational, family-oriented, socially-interactive, fun activity that brings joy to kids and is pleasing to parents.
Storybook Mom's word-play app inspired by Five Little Monkeys. Children interact to practice counting & spelling for fun!
Seeking help to finance quality illustrations for my childrens' book.
A series of short children's poetry books about animals, helping them to understand that they have choices and they are loved.
An adventure of a very curious bear who just can't resist venturing into the big wide world at the first opportunity...
Children's Book depicting the rescue of a stray animal and through love and compassion, the lives of everyone involved is changed.
A children's book about life in the Chesapeake Bay focused around the life of a blue crab named Benny (with pictures).
FATE - Is a Children's Storybook through the eyes of a leaf.  A leaf that has one great adventure in him.  FATE will get into your soul
"God Gently Whispers" is a children's book, the third in the "God Greatest Gift" series.
Magic Mirror is a children's book that comes with a small plastic mirror that is used for creating your own new images in the book!
Introducing "Jessie and Sargie," the first book in what will be a series of picture books by the up and coming author Jessica Eden.
Tom rescues an old mower from the scrap heap and discovers that he has magical powers.  Follow Tom & Mervin's adventures helping others
Re-discover magic and imagination on a journey to see the world in a whole new way.
Follow adventures of twins, Maddy and JoJo as they meet their new sister, Bridgee Boo Boo for the first time and experience the seasons
Duck Dynasty has created new hunters! Pictures and explanations of duck hunting slang. Conservation reminders and fun, outdoorsy tips!
Angel on the Battlefield is a book about a young man who leaves home in search of adventure and how an angel guided his every move.
I am a teacher and I have written a children's book that has been accepted for publication. I need the funds to jump start the process.
Kids read, play restaurant & practice math w/ menu money & order sheets! Fun & educational! Recipes included! The Pancake Menu : )
Mary & Jerry Canary are characters I created for a children's book. I want them to be the new Barney!
Peyi teaches kids about African countries from a positive perspective, using an innovative children's book and mobile app
Theophilus Messenger and The L.I.N.K. to Terraparable is an epic fantasy/adventure novel for middle-grade readers and above.
Working in their soccer ball factory, the six Soccerbots learn about the game and life while working together.
The characters of The House on Haunted Hollow have big dreams of scoring lots of candy, but soon find themselves in a bit of trouble.
The comical fairytale adventure of Princess Daisy as she tries to fit her enormous feet into a small footed world.
Children books series with great moral stories, fun, action, and excitement for boys and girls.    Dyslexic Friendly Font.
"The Boy Who Skated with Dragons" is a fun and exciting picture book with an inspirational story and positive messages for kids.
It's a dark and creepy night when a boy is attacked by four snotty characters. Over his pillow they creep and suddenly ....!!!
Happy Apple characters are brilliantly brought to life with vivid pictures and provide encouraging lessons with morals to live by.
this is a chance to believe in something other then yourself, to imagine that there is something else out there waiting for the taking.
I Wanna Dance, is a fun and thoughtful children’s book promoting global unity by using dance as a means of celebrating our diversity.
C'mon and read about a kid playing in the dirt. Get down and dirty. Bury the book in the dirt. Kids love dirt. DIRT.
The story of Maybelle and the Tornado is about a cow following her passions, confronting obstacles and ultimately saving a township.
A vibrantly colorful 50 page pastel picture kids book about friendship that is set in a fantasy forest and features beautiful costumes.
A book created for all ages! Created for those who love monsters, or are afraid of the dark or for those who just enjoy artwork.
The writing of Rrrrrrggggle!, a middle-grade humor book about Wesley the zombie, is a wrap. Now he needs your help to get illustrated!
New novel encourages middle readers and youths to learn more about themselves and animals while helping support animal welfare groups!
"Yo Johny" is a children books that encourages children and adults to not give up on communication with each other.
Bruno is a dragon who really wants a nose horn like all the other dragons and finds himself getting into trouble trying to get one.
Innovative new mobile app series combining interactive storybooks with fun games & lesson plans to teach kids ways to save our planet.
My daughter's bedtime stories published one story at a time for all to share.
Salam!  We are publishers specializing in books that make a difference.  Our motto is 'Calling for change one book at a time.'
A story from New Zealand's worst maritime environmental disaster.
A short, sweet children's book about a VERY special way to say "I love you."

#olivejuicemeansiloveyou
#sayIloveyou 
#sayolivejuice
A funny book for young boys that gives everyday and lifelong advice and lessons with humorous artwork. A great, meaningful gift idea.
Children's book about superhero kids who fight crime before bedtime. Exciting, silly, over 100 illustrations. Real heroes read!
Tommy and his family decide to purchase a green technology hybrid car. This will be the first narrative story of its kind for children.
A book about the fun adventures of Gabe and his little sister, Grace. The books explore family relationships with adopted siblings.
Mr Adams Hawaiian Adventures is made to encourage children to express their own creative imagination by teaching one to teach them self
Educational tool (about stranger safety tips) disguised as interactive children's adventure; it educates early readers in a fun way.
Experience The Book of Mormon word for word as an animated audio book for Kids of all ages. This project is 1st and 2nd Nephi.
Ozzy was a Blue-Ringed Octopus that lived in Indonesia.  He had blue & black rings and a yellowish skin.  
He didn’t have any friends,
In this e-book world many children have not had the experience of owning a real book.  Let's put a book in the hands of children.
Julia blir sjuk och Nikolai tvingas ut på en lång resa för att finna ingredienser till en magisk dryck som kan bota Julia.
Ferris is a young scientist who likes to turn everything into an experiment.  This book will be the first in a fictional science series
This will be the first ever tactile, interactive children's book for UNC, NCSU, ECU, and UNCC.  More schools to come...
Meet the Snuggle, a mysterious being that smelt like a sweater, its purpose in life is to make you feel better.
Story of a puppy becoming a New Yorker. What it is like from a dog's perspective to live in Manhattan.
Child plays baseball in the house, Child breaks window, Child's wild imagination scares Child into telling the truth... Broken Glass
Falco and Patch roam freely about enjoying life but keep stumbling upon crazy adventures that will have u glued to each page laughing.
A children's alphabet book featuring some of our planet's more unique and unusual animals!
Bobby loved bananas so much, all the kids at school teased him. Tyler called him Cuckoo until he needed him to save his life.Will he?
Publishing childrens' books written in rhyming verse about a hippo called Alice.
 Readin’, Writin’ ‘n’ Rappin’ needs $6,000 by 07/31/10 to promote their 8-week reading and writing program in an under-served neighborhood in Omaha.
Munglebook has to find & listen to100 women, animals & mythical creatures so that he can find and listen to Brook & the Feminine Way.
The story a shapeshifting alien that befriends  a down on his luck kid while visiting earth for his class science project.
this is a fun outside of the box children's book.it has a imaginative way of looking at the origin of the sneeze and how it came to be.
This is a children's book aimed at increasing awareness of the food allergies surrounding Halloween & making it fun for everyone!
This is a compilation of stories from the heart and imagination of my 10 yr old. Need help distributing it in 100 schools & libraries
In the award winning story Bernice, we learn how it feels to be a great big brown dog that is mistaken for a bear wherever she goes..
Our Georgia School A Wildlife Habitat is a fun children's story that takes students outdoors for a Science lesson on animal habitats.
Cy's 1st book 'Cy & The Pinwheel Peanut Farm' is finished! Help us paint & publish the final edition. It's all about propulsion...poot!
We provide superior quality illustrations for a multicultural audience.
The story of one dog, a wish, and a journey in thirty two pages of art, Emmylou Harris and four legged dreams. Make a wish and blow.
A imaginatively-illustrated sensitive picture book for children entering foster care.
Under the direct supervision of a bossy 3-year-old and a Russian Blue, I create awesome books for awesome kids.
The Potty Chair Song is a book that encourages young children learn to use the potty.  Its a humorous look at a family ritual.
Everyone knows a child's mind is like a sponge. I realized there is a lack of fun scientific children's books. So I wrote one myself.
Help us create an endearing children’s book that celebrates the Christian message of Christmas through the adventure of a “misfit" elf.
An illustrated, educational, unique alphabet book, that offers a journey into the wonderland of emotions for kids, parents and teachers
"Night Run" is an emotional & heartwarming story of an accidental meeting that saves a life, and changes several others for the better.
Never before have learner response activities been built into an eBook.  With your support, Devious Devin will be the first.
A beautifully illustrated, scientifically accurate children's book about Pterosaurs.
A delightful, heart-warming story about a young girl and her two best friends.
LEGENDS of the RAINBOW PEOPLE is a series of FUN, AMAZING children's books filled with TOTALLY AWESOME images.
This book will be #2 in the Friends with Fins series. These books entertain while simultaneously teaching children about the ocean.
Finally, a children's book that solves parents' bedtime battles, using the power of imagination to get kids to want to go to sleep.
Un cuento que nos ayuda a luchar por nuestros sueños /
A story book that help us to fight for our dreams
I am creating a children's book about Bi-Polar Disorder. It will help them understand what they or someone they know are going through.
Books that celebrate the wonder of being a girl. Inspiration and motivation...what every girl needs!
A children's storybook about controlling asthma. An engaging and accessible resource based on EPR3 and GINA priority teaching topics.
A hapless wizard meets bizarre monsters as he gathers ingredients for a mysterious potion in this exciting book for kids and adults.
This 32 page book features color illustrations and stories about the artwork of 13 animals such as a beluga whale, goat, and pig.
It's Sammy's first time in Central America and although her parents are in Guatemala for work, she still finds time for an adventure.
Firefighter Nozzlehead and his Team make rescues and battle fires in Adventure Children's books written by a Professional Firefighter
Teaching siblings about the exceptional circumstance of a baby born before the due date & the health issues associated with it.
Bloomnote is an interactive journal that encourages children and teens to build stronger friendships and make memories.
"A century of Santa’s sleighs” secret photos and stories. Complemented with decorated wooden coins made from 100% recycled sleighs.
Playing with a clever board book teaches children to recognize words. This primer will introduce letters as the elements of words.
This book is filled with warmth and old-fashioned values, and will help your child discover his or her inner spirit with Smiley's help!
Share in Aunt Mae & her niece’s magical week! Join Derrick in his daring adventure! See Caitlyn learn a lesson when her wish backfires!
ALREADY WRITTEN. 
27,000 words 60+illustrations really funny Kid's book about a car race infiltrated by SPACE ALIENS !!!
I Love Me and You, is a great book to help children embrace their differences and the differences of others around them.
Two children enjoy loads of fun when they discover a volcano in their grandparent's backyard!
I need an illustrator for short book for child 3-10 with food allergies. Perspective of child with allergies, thoughts & feelings.
What happens when a series of friendly dinosaurs get involved in the boring daily routine of a child? Awesomeness! Of course!
Merryam is Santa's Secret Prayer Elf that shows not even Santa can do everything without God on his side.
A book for K-12 students, and map lovers, that displays maps in 3D.  Book would include 3D glasses utilizing ChromaDepth technology.
Series of books about a group of colorful, gentle bees and how they teach children to never judge a book by its cover,a whimsical tale!
A true story about a 2nd grader from Detroit with scalp ringworm. Told from 6-yr-old's point of view with a scrapbook layout.
A kids adventure in a magical alternate world just down the street, with  witches, werewolves, vampires and daytime tv talk show hosts.
A collection of poems and art in the spirit of Shel Silverstein, keeping the tradition of hardcover books and bedtime reading alive.
"This is one of those beautiful picture books that your child will want to look at over and over again - what more could you want?"
Young Jimmy loves his family, especially Harvey his wise old black labrador dog who tells this story with witty humour.
"Let's Make the Bed" is my first book.  I have created Little Stubbles Publishing.  It will publish all of my books.
Craft Computer Club teaches kids to code with fun craft activities and great online help for parents and teachers
A Bilingual Action Adventure Children's Book. This is the third book in a three books series written by Paul Ramirez & Matt Ramirez.
"Tom’s Birthday Surprise" the kid’s book from A World On Wheels. A story like no other blazing new trails for disability awareness.
The Adventurous Suitcase picture book series is a fun way for children to learn about the cultures and mapping of the world.
there is so much beauty in the world around us that if we can only look through the eyes and heart of the children we may someday see..
Using science fiction writing to get children interested in technology and space travel. Bringing adventure and science together.
A beautiful children's book about two siblings who bet they love the other more.  I Bet I Love You More! By Ashley Ahola
Part factual, all funny. Sheerluck is a comedy character. In this book he investigates supernatural mysteries and solves every one!
A fascinating whimsical adventure about a boy, Freddy, who is afraid of everything, but finds solid faith through a dream and Psalm 91.
Samuel's Shadow is a beautifully illustrated story about real friends, one of whom may be imaginary. Help put it in your local library.
A children's book where a  very reluctant narrator takes readers on a guided tour through his whimsically haunted kitchen!
A simple, straightforward series of board books for teaching Chinese characters to young children.
We're an online community promoting awareness for Social Emotional Learning via our children's books, THE LUCKIEST KID & OH, REALLY?
Can’t the Ant is the story of a very shy and timid ant, who gains courage and confidence.  Funding is for publishing of the book.
Hello! I am proud to introduce the new and improved business adventure,  Bright C.U.B. Publishing! We provide quality children's books.
My first children's picture book - written and illustrated by me.  Fun images with heart warming messages!
One capturing story about a little girls love for her pacifier and how she learned to leave it behind, forever.
C'est l'histoire d'une princesse africaine qui se lance à la recherche des quatre objets les plus uniques de la Totalité.
I would like to go on a mini book tour in Texas and promote my pre-teen books and promote reading in general. 
Buy One, I Give TWO Away To Children In Need! A children's book for dads. We may not be real super heroes, but we are to our kids.
Non-Fiction Children's book to help children if a parent needs a kidney transplant or has chosen to become an organ donor.
Every age needs a superhero. This time it's a vegetable. Meet Batbean.
Need to publish 10 Children's Books in paperback format. Only a few days left but we can still make it happen! Make a pledge today!
Our Family (Nuestro Familia) is a bilingual children's book about a set of Hispanic twin boy's that have two dad's.
This is a book of stories about real kids who dared to stand up in the face of life's blunders and imperfection.
Gummer is the story of a toothless vampire who helps a young runaway foster child find his long lost mother and brother.
We are seeking to create a series of children's books based on the adventures of a little dog as he learns about the great big world.
Bubba the Grub is an interesting and fun book for kids inspired by the works of Dr. Seuss and Richard Scarry’s Busytown.
Helping families with a great reason to read to the kids before bedtime, and before school--now for Kindle. iPad & Android Tablet soon!
Sir Nighty Knight is an interactive children's book app that tells the story of a goofball knight and his journey to save a kingdom.
The book explores the darker aspects of our nature in a children’s book and provides ideas about how to confront and overcome them.
Children's book clarifying the difference between the Ancient Jewish Religion,& its living contradiction Zionism & the State of Israel.
The first children's book in history where the alien characters  
actually leave the pages and walk around outside the book!
A picture book that offers a unique way to teach young children good manners using the 26 letters of the alphabet we all know.
A physical book, App, and eBook that retells the classic H. G. Well's novel 'The Time Machine' as a rhyming Children's Tale.
Join us as we inspire a movement of generosity. Five words describe our book: adventure, whimsy, friendship, hope & giving.
Happyville is a semi-autobiographical story of a boys journey trying to find his lost joy in a mythical place called Happyville.
En bok för ALLA barn som med levande roliga illustrationer beskriver vad pyskisk ohälsa är, känns och hur man kan hantera det.
A story of a Small Dog who is bullied by the bigger dogs because of his size and clumsiness. A Hen comes along and they become friends.
Seven "7" Epic Persian Cat Heros from across the globe protect the world  from Thomas The Terrible and Dakota The Dragon Dog.
"Little Miss Jessica Goes to School" - Special Edition, Hard Cover Copy.  The children's book embracing difference and disability
The reading adventures of a professor that finds an amazing world of fairies, magic and mystery while searching for his missing wife.
Get Me Me Kids is a children's literary, music and film franchise brand that promotes wellness an love through entertainment and media.
I'm creating a book and t-shirts for the children I've worked with at an elementary school in Oakland, CA. I just want to give thanks.
A sassy giraffe with troublesome beautiful locks encounters hairy problems and learns that somethings aren't as scary as she thought.
A warm and touching rhyming children's book with the message that love can fix anything, illustrated by 19 year old, autistic Damilola.
Please help me to publish an eBook about Straggy and Chicka; an unlikely pair who live in the park in their cardboard house.
A Panda has lost his beloved orange balloon and goes around asking the other animals in his town if they have seen it.
The Ugly Boss book series will teach our kids how to become GREAT bosses by sharing illustrated stories with leadership lessons.
My home, my town, my world, the universe will die and only I can save it! But how? I'm only ten!
This is a book series that will teach children how to react and be prepared in case on an eventuality such as getting lost in the park.
This is a tongue in cheek story advising children what to look out for when buying their first rocket-I have a publisher/distributer
Mia’s Magic Book is a photographically illustrated children’s story where a young girl meets a music loving mouse named Mia.
Imagine the Da Vinci Code in Arizona with iPod obsessed teenagers, a stolen school bus, and a bad guy named Mr. Fish.  Make it happen.
This is a story about a young girl who loves penguins. She dreams of ice skating and dancing with them. Will she her dream come true?
A cute little story about a cute little grasshopper who learns an all important lesson...or does he?
Have COURAGE and pledge for Ifakoya!
Ignatius The Christmas Monster is a better Christmas tradition void of any needlessly creepy elf dolls to clutter up  your home.
Your help is needed to give a message of love, hope & forgiveness to kids who struggle against poverty & violence in their daily lives.
Get under the blankets and go on an adventure..in your dreams! Bedtime should be enjoyable! There is a whole new world waiting for you.
Exciting Halloween adventure for some friends when they get frightened during trick or treating.
Kims digitala äventyr är Sveriges första barnbok som sammankopplar två av barnens mest kreativa tillgångar, böcker och tevespel.
iPhone, iPad and Android app that lets your kids become the little pigs in the classic 3 little Pigs story.
The "Lil' G"  book series was created for elementary students to teach them character education skills.
A book about a sad boy, whose mom proposes silly things that might be wrong, in an effort to cheer him up, so that he'll talk about it
Join the adventure as we empower the lives of 1,000,000 children and their families through our book series, Oscar's Journey!
Good Times Ahead is a unique,educational,cool, children's book about a boy named Tommy who with some help, begins thinking positive.
"Arty and the Booger-Genie" is a funny, exciting, scary, fantasy story meant to arm kids ages seven through eleven against drug abuse.
A project to fund 4 new titles in this surprising photo storybook series. If you can take photos, you can make these books!
Bubbles and the Berry bush is a beautifully illustrated children's book about Bubbles the Bubble Blowing dragon and his friends.
Große Aufregung für unseren frechen Linus! Sein erstes Weihnachtsfest naht und er stolpert von einer KATERstrophe in die nächste...
Your kid and five others you name go on an epic journey through magic lands full of dangers and obstacles as heroes to save the world.
Join Frederick von Wigglebottom on his incredible adventures  meeting other cool kids from around the world.
5 inspiring children's fiction books. For every copy bought (backed) a copy will be donated to a local Australian school or library.
For an adult, moving to another place can be hard, but for a child it could be heartbreaking. 5yr old Baloo knows what it feels like.
"More than just a lovable pup". 

An exciting book series about a young and friendly pup, who has a mischievous and energetic nature.
Suzie will discover the Wickies, keepers of the honey bees, and together they will save Christmas and the Wickies' world. 1 of 3 books
Meditation, My Friend - Is a humorous, full of wisdom children's book on meditation. Kids can learn to find their quiet place inside!
As Christmas becomes more popular in China, I want to create a series of children's Christmas stories firmly rooted in Chinese culture
Join Maggie May, a forgotten VW van, and Piccolo, her rescue dog, as they face life's challenges with help from the Master Mechanic!
As a kid, life is full of new experiences. This original book series
helps kids and parents prepare for these adventures together.
Based on a True Story of Courage in the South Pacific - an Airline Captain's Call for Help and 300 Villagers Lighting the Way to Safety
With funding support, six of my educationally oriented stories will be illustrated by American and international artists.
Our moms are writing a book series, about adoption, about us! Helping other families with adopted children start their own dialogue.
My childrens book "Tommy and the Troll" is inspired by my amazing 2 year old son. The writing is in progress and funding is to pay for great artwork.
The Trip Tiger comes to life in a children's book and accompanies kids on their trips.  His magic is revealed through good behavior.
A Snowman' s journey to a warmer climate and the other snow people he meets along the way.
Nimpentoad has been well received in San Diego, but we need funding for a national publicity campaign to take it to the next level!
The first patriotic historical non-fiction book series about the Vietnam War for children ages 6-12. A positive tribute to veterans!
Remember Tanner?  How about Joe?  My new character meets Tanner from, "Eggs and Bubble Gum" and learns just how to prepare for success!
My 8 year old son Jacob has ADHD and he wants to write books for other kids with ADHD.  He is really into it and it would love it!!
An inspirational kids book. It is about over coming fears and the inner strength to start again and see things in a "new" perspective
Charlie's First Ride is about a boy who wakes up on his birthday and will go on his first motorcycle ride with his Father and dog-BoBo
Skippy is a 25min audio book/activity package for children.  What is the frog at the bottom of your pail really thinking?
Timmy Tortilini is the tall-tale of a young boy who discovers that he can help others simply by twiddling his thumbs!
An interactive children's book written, illustrated and designed for tablets. I'm only missing a programmer to put it all together.
A visually stunning and lyrically magical children's tale about the interconnectedness of plants, animals, the Earth and life itself!
A colorful and exciting kid's book exploring 45 unique dog breeds from around the world. Co-written and illustrated by over 100 kids!
Camp Omigosh by Wade Bradford is a hilarious, not-your-typical campfire adventure for ages 8 - 12.
40-page, hardcover kid's book featuring a fun and imaginative redhead named Lucy, her stuffed rabbit sidekick, and an unruly tornado.
A unique, true story about a peacock who needs your help.
Animix is a children's book which comes alive with amazing never before discovered animals that is both funny and imaginative!
My son's have inspired me to write a children's book based on special moments, in their life, that they want to share with the world.
This story is based on the adoption of our daughter Chenchen who was found abandoned on the streets of Chuzhou, China right after birth
Teaching kids valuable lessons in a fun and new way
Sabbi is a short illustrated story about a little girl and her teddy bear.
The Ant with a Dream a rhyming illustrated children’s book that tells a story about an ant name Mike that has a dream to do more.
A children's book series based on The Mudville Bulldozers football team dealing with everyday nuances brought down to a child's level.
Dad is worried about failing crops. Mom lost her job. And I can't fall asleep! What can I do to help? One sheep, two sheep, zzzzzzz
This is the story of a year in the garden, with activities and games on each page. Captivates, entertains and introduces a new language
Children's story book, plus work sheets are all designed to let the child understand a life cycle in a fun way.This book is A4 in size
The Timestone is a classic Hero's Journey tale of two friends on a quest to turn back time to save their world. Full of Magic and Love.
" A inspiring heart-felt story about a toddler's fight with Cancer"
Project to cover initial printing cost of a children's book I've completed and have orders. Eventually I wish to find a publisher. Until then...

Explore the world through the eyes of a 6 year old boy as he creates branching stories that come from his learning of morals & values.
This is a fictitious story about a REAL dog, "Norman the Scooter Dog," a Guinness World Record holder for fastest scooting dog.
Inspired by my son's love for nature, we created this fun board book to help young children identify backyard birds.
An illustrated story for today's youth about the technological achievements of the past and how we advanced to where we are today.
Secrets hidden in the past revealing truths for future generations to explore further and seek their own adventure in life....
Walter the Vault® makes learning about money fun and engaging for young children.
A gentle but fun interactive story about peace loving forest dwellers called Fungooms. For iPad, iPhone and Android.
Meet Molar, he's not your average Tooth Fairy! He rides a magical flying motorbike & is always getting into trouble on his adventures!
Friendleez is an innovative book series, teaching kids ages 3-10 about diversity and problem solving in this vastly changing world.
A children's book written to encourage pediatrics battling cancer, with relatable stories and a happy ending.
PALS AROUND THE WORLD is a project and series of educational books that help the earth and children around the world.
Fox Hollow Tales is a beautifully illustrated, heartwarming and magical series of stories set in 1830's New England.
Retaining our language is directly linked to saving our people's cultural identity! We need to share our language with our kids now!
A magnificent hardcover book designed to increase creativity, an unforgettable book and an impression in time for the children.
A little girl's journey from a picky eater to a food explorer.Never too late to change eating habits.
This is a set of childrens stories about a farmer called Bob that becomes a knight, he embarks upon a journey having many adventures
In this enchanting book, 12 beautifully drawn animals take you on a lyrical and whimsical journey to discover your inner joy.
I LOVED writing the Canterwood Crest series! But Sasha Silver never got *HER* prequel. Would you help me make that happen?
Raising funds to print the Little Flame's journey of self-discovery to become a Fire of Peace as a children's book.
In a nutshell :) A children's book about growing up, sacrifice, and loving something more than yourself.
An inspirational adventure written by a teacher and illustrated by his students.
A rhythmic book with full color illustrations about a little girl and an unusual choice for a pet. Creating a app to help kids read!
An exciting novel that entertains and educates.
Imaginative children's short story series full of adventure and mystery based on a main character called Bugaloo.
A sequel to "Monty the Menace," "Patti the Pest" is a children's book intended to help children understand differences.
This is a story about a mother and daughter relationship; and the power of support and guidance when pursuing your dreams.
Bringing families together through children's story books that teach children about the world around them and the family they share.
Lively illustrated and endearing book series for your kids to take away the tension of doctor visits and bitterness of the medications
Augmented reality adventure book with Wibble, Dibble & Splattt
This is a children's book spoofing "Jack and the beanstalk" done with Claymation characters and sets with an accompanying audio CD.
A Fun and Engaging way for children to learn about Sports and the ABC's !
A children's book full of magic and brimming with adventure.
Blue Flag Publishing is releasing a book by Douglas Kenney, who explains the world from the eyes of autism to school aged kids.
Striving daily to create an educational and entertaining media, a “Happily Healthy Ever After” for all children, big and small.
I'm creating a series of funny cartoon books aimed at young children based loosely on the adventures of my two little ones.
Nellie Knows the Alphabet is an educational children's book based on mindfulness and emotional intelligence.
A children's book about a little sheep facing adversity about dreaming big.  An encouraging narration.
A children's book about an impatient T-Rex who learns to be patient through the love of his slow car. Made as a social lesson story.
Looking to publish our children's books about peanuts in different adventures, The first adventure is about a Peaceful Samurai.
Hvorfor er tjernet så ulykkelig? Hvor kom regndråpen fra? Hvem er myrkongen, og hva er dette med "ugla i mosen"?
Weldon Wexford & Murkle Monster is a children’s picture book about a wizard boy and his monster.
A heart warming childrens short story about an old woman's transformation by the God who is in the transforming business!
Maxx was an ordinary cat, born in an extraordinary time and place.  He dreamed of being a child, and one special night...became one.
Project withdrawn
Adventures of One Sock are true tales from my son's life with Autism, and how he copes with life. I started the book a few months ago a
The Nog Story is a beautifully illustrated, full-color folk tale about how eggnog is created and distributed. The setting is Ohio.
A book for girls who dream of fairy-tale endings and for parents who dream of their daughters fulfilling their greatest potential.
This book & audio is about a little Elf and his friends.  A good read, fun & educational, making children happy.
How to fool a Dragon. A children's book about a Knight and a Dragon and how you don't have to fight to win in a dangerous situation.
What we call the beginning is often the end. And to make an end is to make a beginning. The end is where we start from.

T. S. Eliot
I just want to provide a better life for my son through writing. I want to show him you can make your dreams happen. He inspires me.
An awesome family, an eye for design, and a story about a lost candle.
A children's picture book based on a true childhood tale about a whimsical beach inside Lake Austin!
A sweet and whimsical tale that follows the journey and struggles of the Monarch butterfly.
Heirloom quality books for kids maintaining the paper and board touch for books that will passed down from gen to gen. Animals!
You don't need to believe in faeries to help Isabella fulfill the ancient prophesy and save our beautiful Earth - before it's too late!
Floor Flora is a compendium of bacteriology for toddlers and their compatriots.
This is an unconventional fairy tale about a girl, a series of trades, some spies, and a king and the dreams they find along the way.
Leo and Apollo discover an abused dog in thier neighborhood and share a message to children that animals have feelings too!
A fierce storm toppled a 250 year old tree and Mr. Martin saved the wood to make toys.  He then created the children's story and horse
The Eco-focused kids book about an Old Red Barn. Also trying to build a real-life forest.
Moon Vacation is a fun STEM-focused, Augmented Reality enabled adventure story about a family journeying to the Moon for vacation.
Lil and her friends are here!      

This book series says kids are smart, strong and confident!
My first book for children between 2 and 5 yo is intended for parents wanting to tell their children a fable with an embedded moral.
I have written a child's book about  a Manatee named Marsha. The book teaches the kids responsibility and the importance of nature and preserving it .
This is a story about how 2 little white rabbits got chosen for the ark, how they learned to talk to God, and their dream journey.
Through a simple gesture of letting a stranger use his plate, Theodore brings the spirit of Christmas to his family.
Kids are great imitators. So give them something to imitate with.
Thinkle Thopolous is a range of fun children's books educating on the English language, sometimes with environmental or social messages
A delightfully illustrated book written in poetry form, with fun animal facts, for teachers and people of all ages!
A Children's book of fun, adventure, and life lessons- set in an Ancient City.
Children's book series encouraging museum visits.  The parents work in museums and the children have special powers.
Legacy of Love was founded to carry on the dream of our founder's mother before she passed away from cancer bringing her vision to life
A Picture Book, written and illustrated by myself and my grandsons(ages 4 & 6) going on an adventure with Nana in a Backyard Safari
BookWormz is Australia’s first subscription box packed with age-appropriate books and creative gifts for children aged 0-7.
The funds  are to print copies of his bio. A gentle story about a dog who hates peas.  Kids relate and understand. Give peas a chance!
We are quickly approaching the final days - The Rewards are for Backers Only - Become a Backer - Make your pledge today.
I would like to get this book published cheaper than it currently is, thus reducing the selling price of it.
Karri Koala is a very fussy eater! Eucalyptus leaves are not only her favorite food to eat it’s the only food Karri will want to eat.
How To Be Good For Santa materials give the gift of knowledge to children for building lifelong relationship skills and self worth.
"Animal Shelter Dog Book" uses colorful cartoon characters to entertain kids while promoting the importance of Pet Adoption.
Can someone who's "different" lead a meaningful life? Find out by bringing this book to the world, and teaching how we all are special.
Feel The Beat is an illustrated children's book about rhythm and the many forms it takes in our world. It's not just in music!
Tina's story champions 9-12 year olds' budding independence, humor, love of nature, and sense of fair play.
Join me in introducing Pookie Lookie to the world. Let's give children a reason to be happy by sharing my Pookie Lookie Adventures. 
We create children's books with classical fairy tales retold in the visually vibrant world of steampunk.
Nikki's Castle is a children's book that i am writing with my 9 yr old daughter. It is completely illustrated by her and written by us
I'm putting together a children's book. A collection of my silly poetry with illustrations drawn by my Mother-in-law.
An action-packed adventure series for kids about achieving goals and the value of education.
The first steps in language and culture bringing together play and learning ~ ages 3 to 12.
I am writing and illustrating a children's book about a dog's trip from Chicago to California.
Tay and his papa have written a book about a boy named Bobby who was scared but ended up saving the day and his dog Dougly
Rhyming verse by mom and delightful illustrations by a 7 year-old, make a colorful children’s book.
You've heard the rumors.  Chakras aren't just for hippies anymore.  This is your chance to learn the symptoms before WebMD catches on.
The adventures of LOUIE a real life therapy dog, a book for children to love as they learn to care about Louie and the job he does.
Eco-Published: An empowering coming of age story for youth stepping onto their own path. A boy looking for his father finds unexpected
Written in the perspective of the Innkeeper, my poem will transport children to the place where the true meaning of Christmas is found.
These future book series is the educate the children in Math, Science and building vocabulary.
I would like to publish a book about my daughter, Justine, and all the sweet and insightful things she says to the people she meets.
A 3 part children's book following our protagonist Daisy Perkins on a whirlwind adventure extravaganza armed only with a magic shell.
Laugh while you learn! Book 3 contains more comic poems and fun ideas to help even the most Determined Non Speller in your family!
Meet Anya! A sweet, loving, shy yet curious Mini Schnauzer who wants to help those who feel small to always believe in themselves.
Write a children's book about the extinct Tasmanian tiger and how it relates to saving endangered animals in our world.
Visual educational material regarding medical imaging examinations that is attractive and useful for both children and adults.
The bullying stops here thanks to Samuel B. Sensible. See just how driven one kid can be when it comes to helping others.
An interactive children's book that teaches the importance of good sportsmanship while including proper baseball fundamentals.
With 26 awesome illustrations of the coolest WWII airplanes, your kids will be taken away on an alphabetical aviation adventure !!!
Publishing a children's book that will bring comfort to parents and families who have lost a child.
Children's Illustrated Book of Poetry! WOW!
Mozart Dreams every day of having lots of great and wonderful adventures.
From going to the moon and to the bottom of the sea
I'm running this campaign because I would love to do a book series, based on a boy named Danny, his dog Toby and his friend Patty.
A young boy struggles to build a project for the science fair. Through this he finds the value of friendship, teamwork, and humility
The children's book Periwinkle's day at the park is for children ages 2 to 5 to learn imagination,poetry, and music.
Rosemary Woods would be a set of books aimed at young children educating via storytelling about mental illness.
Bring back the Spirit of Christmas with this collection of stories made especially for iPad, narrated by Morgan Freeman sound-alike.
Speaking up isn't easy, but it's right. This is the story of a girl who finds the courage to use her voice.
Arthur Pendragon's Perplexing Predicament tells of young Arthur's first big decision as King: picking the shape of the castle table.
We would like to create a series of 5-10 minute free cartoon episodes for a children's web TV channel.
Talk to Him is a children's book that teaches children how much God loves them and how easy it is to talk to God.
Help fund the creation of a book experience for children to ignite a love of reading that lasts a lifetime.
Follow 'The Littlest Sparrow,' my first original children's story
Children's books based on my cat's rescue and true, heart warming and funny stories about her. Lesson:  Forever homes for all pets.
A beautifully illustrated rhyming book explaining to children the root causes of war, and their role in preventing future wars.
Magic of the Frogs is a "TRUE" childrens Novel. It is worded and phrased for children 10+..Help me Launch this wonderful story
A witty, pretty, funny,punny not yet doney set of 6 rhyming panels to quell the primal screams of bald and patchy haired youngins alike
Don't Blame Hazel! is a story about a little girl who gets bullied because she looks "different".
Children's book as told through the eyes of 4 year old Monica describing what life is like with 2 disabled parents.
26 Adventures of the Alphabet is an adventure book that teaches the Alphabet to children, developing essential structure for reading
These books are dedicated to encouraging our children, as they embark on this fantastic path to lifelong learning!
This book co-authored by my 14 year old daughter and I are about a girl who adopts a dog and the importance of caring for a pet.
Learn basic direction concepts and counting as Dash the dragonfly flies left, then right, and all around the pond.  Children's book.
"Just B" is a cardboard book for all the little ones who know how to perfectly just be.
A story about friendship & adventure, they never expected when they met in unlikely circumstances. A friendship that will last forever.
Learning,Ingenuity & Courage in a story about finding A Friend In The Dark. Illustrated by Alex Hahn & Written by Jonathan Woolf #AFITD
The Fish and The Fairy is a short story/children's fiction book aimed for the four to nine year old audience.
In order to teach kids how to pray I would like to create a book series that uses creative characters helping kids learn about prayer
Inspiring future generations through sharing stories of American creativity and innovation that forever changed the world.
A book about a futuristic adventure on handling conflicts peacefully with help from friends!
The Dream Writer is a finished book. The goal of the book is to elevate the reading level of children and make learning fun.
Teaches children how working together can solve big problems. Proven success with kids age 4 through 9. Parents and kids alike love it.
From the peeps who brought you the awesome book geekery subscription box, Lit-Cube! Now presenting Lit-Cube Jr. for mini book geeks.
A delightful picture book explaining Down syndrome in a simple and understandable way for children.
God is good, but the world around us can be bad. Enter, Faith. A young girl who discovers that God is always there to help us.
Make learning fun as we follow Coco on an unexpected adventure far from home to meet exotic, strange and new friends around the world.
Introducing the 'art of baking' to young children through a series of books that are fun, adventurous, engaging and educational.
Grab your friends, grab your stuff and lets go on an adventure. Join Theodore Edward Bear on his first ever adventure.
Little Dove is a futuristic adventure series for children that examines cultural norms and morality.
Patch tells a story of a young freshman student who is transferred to a prestigious all boys boarding school that riddled with bullying.
I want to make children's books that inspire the imagination and stir their want for adventure. I want to make something beautifuly fun
"Hare, Bear and Manu" is the heartfelt story of how three travelers find each other and their destiny together.
Woodland Buddies Babies Learn Colors is a fun and unique way for babies to learn about colors as taught by furry forest friends!
Chunclito needs your help to publish a series of full color children's books from personal experiences that include life lessons.
Kingdom Invasion is a graphic novel whereby children learn about Heaven through supernatural encounters
Finally a way to help children through the "monster phase" and help everyone sleep better!  Clever story, cuddly plush, and Repellent.
On a dead valcano live's a t-rex family and when the baby rex see's baby shark a whole tom & jerry style fight happens with the parents
This fun, educational, multimedia eBook made for the iPad will include simple Maths themed problem solving exercises for young children
Puff and her brother, Bean use the power of their imaginations to solve everyday problems and go on fun-filled learning adventures.
A vibrant book with a lively orchestral CD that teaches children about kindness and music.
A fantasy story about a rabbit that has to discover the carrots thieves and fight the evil wizard to bring peace in the valley.
Renderings of the Nasruddin Tales, with custom illustrations in Lego and Embroidery.
A children's book about Grace, a little girl learning an ancient Chinese Mask Changing aka Bian Lian not traditionally taught to girls.
Fish 'n' Buddies go on a green reef adventure and make wonderful discoveries on "going green."
Fun & Funky alliteration sentences for each letter of the alphabet with exciting drawings combined with easy to hard words to challenge
A children's book about a sweet Scottish terrier abandoned where I live on Spring Pond Road and eventually adopted by all of us.
Tossawat Hatthavichitkul has lovingly illustrated "The Wonderful Wizard of Oz" in colored pencil in 3 hardcover volumes.
A children's book designed to erase stigma/ignorance and teach about not only the mental illnesses themselves but how to respond!
Two icky blobs are we, invading the mouth of thee when you don't brush or floss regularly!
The 3rd book by award winning Grumpy Publications, this book has a much needed anti-bullying message aimed at elementary school kids.
Story books written in age-appropriate, loving language & tell the story of how a child came to be using assisted reproduction for SMC
Inspired by the imaginative world my two year old seems to live in, Silly Town is a look into the world as any child would dream it.
A book I'm writing and illustrating harkening back to the old Grimm's tales about overcoming fear and deceptive appearances.
An imaginative ABC picture book with fun animals and descriptive sentences for children ages 0 to 6 years old.
Take an imaginative ride through the mind of a young child who dreams of becoming a zombie.
Johnny gets a drum for his birthday, but discovers that playing it is harder than it looks, so he seeks help to learn how to play drums
A book I made with my 5 year old trying to explain in child terms and understanding about why his brother is different and about autism
Take a magical journey with us to Mexico in this book that we hope promotes understanding and compassion of the Mexican culture.
A bear which is raised by a Rabbit Family. Does he accepted his ADOPTED FAMILY  or back to his real family... suspence
The first of a planned series of children's books featuring Deja, the adventurous german shepherd.
Donate now to let the world meet Smelly, the heroine of a new book series and website where girls ages 8 - 10 get to write what happens next! 
Over 20 fun and fantastical bedtime stories for children 3-8 years old, to be read by their parents! With illustrations!
Tristen Turtle knew he was different than the other turtles in his exhibit.
Take a greedy spoiled-rotten little sassy-mouthed brat, put a genie's lamp in her hand and stand back! A must-read for kids ages 1-100.
This book is aimed at children ages 3-6, it is colorful and teaches a lesson about curiosity.
Ms. B is a 3rd grade teacher and beekeeper, who keeps bees in her classroom until Principal Jubilee forces her to get rid of her bees.
Whimsical - Happy - Inspiring
Adventures with Wally the Worm & Maggie the Butterfly inspire kids to help others & have courage.
After the loss of my niece this summer, I realized the greatest need was to help her sibling and my own kids befriend their fears.
A kid's book series called SEAL Team Stryker.
How Teamwork Builds an Unusual Friendship, Despite their differences in size, the oxen and spiders learn to live and work together
Mei & Maio is a Beautiful adventure story about a dinosaur and a dragon coming from the Andromeda Galaxy to meet the children of earth
This is a story about Poe, a young ghost trying to find his place in un-life. With his pet cat, Sockets, he will do just that.
This project is a children's book for early readers
"The Honest Bird" is a children's fable, first published in 1846. This new hardback edition will include original art by Joe Ketterer.
The story "Why Are You So Loud?" was born from a lifetime of being asked the question. The characters are inspired by my childhood.
The Sea I See is a children's book written by Emmy award-winning writer and producer Shane DeRolf.
Mrs. Ellingson's 4th grade class goes on an amazing quantum field trip through space and time from the very small to the very large.
"Bebezhigooganzhii"/"Horse"- Ojibwe & English Kid's Book
Help support language preservation & the arts by donating to our next project.
Pooch-N-Pals is a children's book series that will help instill confidence, integrity, and values in children from all walks of life.
Welcome to Seedonia is the sequel to Seedonia. It follows Pinello's journey from bully to village elder.
Explore the world of mythological creatures through the eyes of a child.
A tale of wild children & finding yourself when lost. 1st person race/gender-ambiguous picture book for multiple reading levels (4-8)
Two tween girls use science & math to solve mysteries in this best-selling series for all lovers of Nancy Drew and Encyclopedia Brown.
Join two brothers on their redemptive quest to stop strange magical creatures and to return the world back to its round self again.
Straw Stickpost's incredible adventure teaches children about God and by accepting others for their differences we become stronger.
A spider from a small village sips the Professor’s potion, becomes enormous and the villagers see him as life threatening.
Ages 2-7, claymation. Heartfelt tale of being grateful for what you have, turning your luck to benefit others become lucky ducks too!
Freddy and Betty Bumpkin Go to the Dentist is the perfect tool to help your children learn and grow during their early childhood years.
This children's book has the potential to teach people world-wide about the incredible Moringa tree and how it can help provide food security and more
Self-publish a new children's book based on my paintings.
Jellibean loves to read, learn and explore the great big world! Publishing a book has been my dream for 29 years!
A comical energetic girl (who is always shoeless) with a pet raccoon and gets into all kinds of mischief with lessons learned
My hope is to eventually spread the word on how music and animals can both help you relax and live a more fulfilling life
Snitch is a hero that kids can relate to and cuddle with!  This new book series will come with a cuddly plush toy!
What if the new pet store near your house sold animals everyone thought were extinct? A new novel from the author of “After The Blue.”
gameBook is a dynamic app that combines middle grade novels with original video games -- a gateway to reading for kids who love to game
Co-author, T.S. Bradley and I have broken the mold in children's fiction  in this mini chapter-ette  storybook. Sneak a peek!
Our vibrantly illustrated children's Book can assist children to cope with school anxiety by offering a practical way to manage fears.
Katerina goes on a magical adventure, while flying on a giant butterfly. She visits a beautiful land that is full of love and healing.
My project is an interactive, educational coloring book.  The title of the book is, "My Mommy is a Stock Trader."
The Freethinker's Book of Fables is a book for children and adults that supports critical thinking and modern values based on reason.
I am a childrens book author.
An Indiana Jones-ish adventure / fantasy aimed at getting kids of all ages  excited about history and reading!
Learn to draw characters and things from the award-winning Me & Jessie D. cartoon, Step-by-Step Book 65-75pgs. and Video Lessons.
Urban Express Publishing is proud to present Greedy Gretta and Raymond Noodle These rhyming books are fun, humorous and educational.
A magical tale inspiring every child to imagine what their best stuffed pal might be doing while they are sleeping.
For the first time, watch ten interactive 3-D ghosts come to life out of a printed book. Just download a free app to view.
Fly with Raven across Alaska to visit burly polar bears, massive moose, shy lynx and other Alaska animals. Learn cool facts as you go!
A book designed to teach values to young children in today's crazy world.
Cooking In Fern Valley is a children's book full of adventure and good food!
A hybrid coloring book that allows and encourages kids to make the adventure their very own. The ending is never sad and bad guys never win!
Maxx Airborne and the Legends of Rucker Park is a picture book about a child overcoming a challenge through inspiration and teamwork
When Ally is diagnosed with leukemia, she transforms from a 7 year old princess into a cancer-kicking action hero
The story of The “But” Clause follows several children, as they experience a series of I love you, “But”..  clauses throughout the day.
We're creating an engaging, entry level book that focuses on sight words and quality artwork to build the confidences of new readers.
What if every child knew that he or she was an answered prayer?
What would you do if all of the bugs you ever squished came back from the dead seeking revenge?
Sharing and launching my young adult and children's independent reader media series, Fire and Flight, starting with Book One: Liftoff!
"Who Cares About Hair?" A children's book designed to be an alternate type of therapy, for pediatrics battling cancer.
Award-winning author Maria Dismondy is ready to produce a book on diversity and empathy. She needs your help to spread the message!
Charlie is a smart kid who is good at storytelling. Can he learn to share or will he be stuck as a zombie forever? Only in Scare Town.
Zen Pig is a children's book series that teaches mindfulness, compassion, and gratitude and gives 10 people clean water for 1 year.
A children's book with a very important moral story for the modern person, despite the name.
Keeping custom car culture alive for the next generation
Nova, the last space caterpillar, is on a journey to find out what happened to his family and also find his purpose in the universe.
Lil Rabbit learns local plants, crafts & ecology, on adventures with Uncle Bear. eBook with 4 seasonal updates: new stories, art & more
Plastic in the ocean is a crisis. This campaign will fund a children’s book to build awareness about this critical issue.
It's a big universe. How do you tell your kids what's most important (and remind yourself at the same time?) It's all about Jesus.
"I Belong Here" is a story about diversity, equality, and how both work together perfectly on a quiet street in NYC.
Fenton and Friends is a bilingual children's book, designed to encourage children to want to learn a foreign language.
A complete 5 week course of E-Safety Lessons for 7-11 year olds to educate children on staying safe online.
Kiara and the Butterfly is a story about a little girl and a butterfly.
My project is a children’s book about a seven year old boy named Yaelon who happens to have ADHD and ODD.
Next popular children's books series and future cartoon. Ooboo the kangaroo goes on adventures with his friends. Future products too!
Combining 4 local folklore stories of the famous Gambian characters Hyena and Hare w/health practices: malaria, nutrition,& hygiene
Raine is 6 and became a big sister this year. After a few weeks on the job she wrote a book about what she has learned so far.
A children's picture book that delves into the perilous world of a little boy's room.
"Shimmer" is a glimmer who needs an adventure!  Immerse your children in the whimsical adventures of a bored drop in the sea!
A hungry dragon wants to eat people, but learns about jelly donuts instead! A fun fairy tale with deeper themes about Hanukka.
Welcome to The Loneliest HO in the World...and Friends: my much-loved, award-winning Christmas stories in one magical book.
Abécédaire de 26 cartes illustrées recto verso en couleurs représentant les 26 lettres de l'alphabet.
Fleck is my first children's book inspired by Dr. Seuss.  My dream is to write many books for kids, but need a 'kickstart' to get there
Willakaville Is full of fun and wacky small town adventures where kids are the heroes while learning life lessons.
The book has been self-published through Createspace! I need funding for marketing this New Release, Thank you!
A heartfelt illustrated story of Baby Bunny learning to live, love and accept himself as he struggles with having Eczema.
The Adventures of KatGirl is about a superhero in a wheelchair who helps kids who are being bullied gain confidence in themselves .
Adam the ant and his friends must work together to save their home and fend off the great big shoe !
Finished bi-lingual (English-Russian) collection of illustrated fairy-tales for children, THE OLD LADY AND HER CHOCOLATE with mini-CD.
The story of a girl and her neighbor who use their love, creativity, and  formidable dance skills to uplift the world around them!
7 teenagers, all aged 14, meet in a foreign country. They're thrust into something they didn't choose. And all they have is each other.
A fun, illustrated collection of light verse for kids, unburdened by infotainment or "a lesson" beyond "being a kid should be fun."
Let's eblast a funny chapter of a fun book to each subscribing school every week! This keeps it fresh, fun and relevant! FUN-UCATION!!!
Great Sweet Bliss is a lavishly-illustrated zany Halloween adventure sequel to THE GREAT SWEET BLISS STINK-OFF. Read both online now...
A story to help kids not worry so much about being good at anything right away.
Wombie is a loveable puppet wombat who experiences life with a little girl name ash through the troubles of a broken home.
Small Hope is the story of S’more; who escapes his destroyed home world and finds himself on Earth and helps to heal a broken family.
We want to publish an educational photo book for children about the animals & plants in Central & Northern California!
A true account of the day a TORNADO passed over our hobby farm: a story that spins off into a fictional adventure! - by Irish Stew
What would Oz be like if Dorothy went back as a Grandmother, taking her 12 year old granddaughter, Addy, with her?
Tommy wants to play for his school's baseball team. Will he learn that collecting friends is more important than collecting trophies?
A children's book about a mouse, an adventure and coming home again.
Piano books for children with an
innovative way of writing music. PLAY promotes self-directed learning and intuitive music making.
I have begun to put together a series of children's books aimed at promoting travel, other cultures, and awareness of the arts.
A children's book that shows positive, real-world role models are watching over little black boys who are 'born in a storm.'
Intuition, Transformation, Rediscovering. A true story about a boy, his yellow coat, and the connections we hold dear to our heart.
My story is about a boy named Wylie who thinks he is different. In reality he is just a boy who faces the normal challenges of growing.
Help Ava Sanyu get her book illustrated and published! This open-ended book will inspire parents and children to imagine TOGETHER.
Monique's Curls is a children's book that helps girls with course hair feel proud, confident, and beautiful with their hair texture.
Two girls born premature; Princess Pie has severe cerebral palsy&is like an infant&her adventurous devoted sidekick,Szeja is her voice.
I want the kids to smell good and take pride in their HYGIENE. This book will help them smell themselves and help themselves.
I have written and self-published the Peter Black series of children's fiction for 8+ year-olds, and need help to print 1000 copies.
My thirteen story titled, "Willy and the School Bullies".  Willy learn how to deal with bullies.
Izzy Explores is a series of picture books written in verse telling the story of a young girl with an imagination for adventure
An inspiring book that uses the realms of the fairies, angels and the beauty of nature, in order to show children their inner light.
The Adventures of Ajalon and Kayla” is a fun filled adventure pack series of books. The 1st book in the series is “The Emerald Globe.”
We believe in the power of observation, and we have created a book to help people improve their observational skills.
An enchanting tale of a seal rescue as viewed by the seal.  Based on a true story with hand painted, colorful water color illustrations
Sleepytime guided meditations help children snuggle, settle, and say hello to their dreams, knowing they're safe, and warm, and loved.
This is inspirational for little children.
“What’s Daddy Doing?” – Educating future generations on daily professions.
A funny book for young boys that gives everyday and lifelong advice and lessons with humorous artwork.  A great, meaningful gift idea.
Funding needed for the costs of illustrations and covers to create full novel version of Grey Faction series.
In Heaven shows kids the Bible's picture of Heaven and ignites wonder about the home that God is preparing for His children.
A beautiful and uplifting book, intended to support kids in knowing they are STRONG, WISE, and filled with LOVE and CREATIVITY!
What the world needs is more childrens books with highly complex detail of language and usage. And here is one! Kids will love it!
A beautifully illustrated children's board book juxtaposing a father's rigid realism with a little girls imaginative point of view.
Tuento is a personalized book about childhood, a present to remember baby's first years.
This is fun story about a boy and a dream. Dreams can take us to some of the most amazing places.
Our children's book will teach life skills, such as forgiveness, acceptance, and how to deal with bullying and thoughts of revenge.
Follow Kayah on her daily adventures. Let your child know they have a friend, someone just like them.
A one of a kind picture book adventure in learning and exploring for kids of any age. Fun and educational storytelling.
We are using mobile technology with our cartoon drawing talents from God to create bible stories e-books for Children to study Bible.
This is a wondrous fine art children's book about our relationship with nature and the living beings around us!
We would like to publish the 4 other books we have written in this series.
It's a great story about a young boy named Johnny who is the #1 candy distributor at his school.
Brilliantly illustrated an inspiring story told from an inquisitive, curious, creative young girl's perspective.
This to be published will book to help introduce even very and young children to what autism means and how life can still be very good.
Children's book written to promote strong family values and begin a tradition to last for generations.
A tenderly illustrated children's book aimed at reassuring them about the aches and pains that are experienced with grief and loss.
To all Science fiction fans, who have a young baby, here is a book for you! 
Baby's First Science Fiction Book!
A video game fairytale told as an 1980's coin-op arcade game theme, illustrated using the Apple][e graphic interface of the mid 80's.
This coloring book takes a fun and contemporary look at the diverse
gay families in our nation.
Dr. Sue is a rhyming story book for children between the ages of 2 & 6 and in this, her first book, there is an emergency at Space HQ.
A boy's ears wiggle each time he lies. 32 pages of full color fun, illustrating the problem of lying. A modern day Pinocchio.
Tsuchigumo Rising, Book 1: A YA sci-fi series about a clever girl who discovers the dark truth about spiders, and why they're here...
An Illustrated Dinosaur Encyclopedia showcasing the most wonderful creatures that roamed the Earth. A project from a fan to the fans!
Partner in launching a hilarious new children's ebook called, "It Came From My Nose" using creative hybrid technology.
Help me donate 500 copies of my book to public schools and libraries!
My project is to finish and publish my book!  It is a cute story geared towards Elementary children and with a Science Theme.
Creating a children's book series about friendship, special needs/how we're all learning as we GrOw.To incl art & music for fun&therapy
Printing of The FunBunch newest book "Show Love No Bullying" for children
The timeless island which, since Rockefeller fell in love with it in 1957, has kept its authenticity. Two charming French/English books
A children's book to engage and develop love for reading among young children.
Journey with me, to mystical Ireland as we search for a pot of gold and for the tricky leprechaun named Twiddle Lee Doo.
Most Wanted Sheep is the first book in the series! It's a fun and educational children's book that teaches counting and colors.
Humorous story about a girl who beats up boys.
Color Olors are wondrous creatures. 
They make you smile with their cute little features.
A comprehensive learning story book for children to learn words and the meaning behind the words.
Project about a girl (me), who wrote a book about two girls (people in the book) on a mission to publish : This is where you come in !!
I've an idea of for a children's cookbook. A pop-up for each recipe, fun safety tips and creative how-to's. Fun for the whole family!
Enjoy new and fun charactors of Pharmdee.
as this book of 26 volumes.will take you places you never been !!!!
A 3-D Book that opens like an accordion revealing  26 Dinosaurs that will spell bound their attention and spur an interest in reading.
This bedtime story follows the adventure of a mystical hare as he explores the beauty of the night and finds his way home.
Funding to market and develop free ebooks and toys that teach children valuable moral lessons.
An educational children's book featuring 50 recipes and dozens of fun anecdotes and facts about the presidents' favorite foods.
A beautifully illustrated picture book with a message that teaches children that a little bit of kindness can go a long way.
A sad polar bear and a scruffy old cat are brought together by a magical cardboard box. A vivid and unique story waiting to happen.
Convinced that Spring is not coming, a young Turtle and Hedgehog embark on a series of funny misadventures to paint the sky blue.
Ollyn, a content little pug, is thrust into an unfamiliar world of critters, magic and mysteries in order to save his friends and home.
A fun, new Jewish family tradition!  A Hanukkah book-toy written and designed by Michael Geoffrey and illustrated by Kevin Reeder.
Sam goes on an adventure through outer space looking for his missin dad, and learns some science/quantum science lessons along the way.
5 year-old Haitian, Jonnie Bray is adopted by the Walkers, an enormous family of 14 brothers & sisters.  She arrives on Christmas Eve.
Hey!  You guys are going to love this story!  I have put so much heart and soul into creating this world and story.
Little chief is a book about a child who needs to adapt quickly to new circumstances. Aimed at children to help problem solving.
I would like to have all my students self publish their short stories they are writing and illustrating. 25$ per student.
On-line, interactive stories set to hip grooves. Kids gain fluency, depth of thought and character while becoming rock star readers.
Marky Mac's Big Activities Reading Workbook is a unique 130+ page of reading fun for kids and adults.
Some say “Jack and the Beanstalk” is just a fairytale. But what really happened to Jack’s left over magic beans? This is their story...
A children's book full of adventure! Also, telling a story of adoption through a fairy tale. Based upon our daughter and our life.
A 40 page children's book with full page color illustrations about a young girl answering a mysterious invitation & meeting new friends
We plan to write & publish the first 2 of 8 books for 8-12 year olds, with wipe away pages which are interactive, educational and fun!
Through a humorous story of natural consequences, I HATE READING! teaches kids that reading is fun.
Sangha's First Sniffvestigation will be a scratch and sniff book about a dog named Sangha and her journey to olfactory enlightenment.
Bruce the Moose Gets Loose! after sneaking the zookeepers juice in this rambunctious children's rhyme-scheme book.
Lillo’s Stories are like a big warm hug !!
This book visits an issue that many, many of our children face bullying. Not even a princess is safe from the pain that it brings.
I wrote and exciting, adventure children's book MANY years ago but have had trouble finding and funding a great illustrator.
Getting "The King and The Dragon" into the hands of children, via the public library, local book stores, and schools.
Fun and silly children books that teach hard work and American history.
The main character, Sir Clumsalot, is a cute and lovable knight with a relatable struggle and an important life lesson for everyone.
Help fund the first run of my sister's book "In Your Eyes", aimed at children with vision deficits like blindness.
Enjoy a great children's book that also comes with a toy.  It will enhance your Halloween season from beginning to end, SNITCH away!!!!
An innovative curriculum that exposes children and families to the essentials of a healthy lifetime foundation in personal finance.
I want to develop FREE iPhone & Android Apps for Children. My goal is to make every child Happy by providing them free entertainment!!!
To celebrate my daughter’s 1st Birthday, I made her an ABC Book. I'd like to self-publish the book and share it with the world.
My dream is to create a children's publishing home where children write & illustrate books encouraging dreams, passion & creativity.
Kansas City Fake Book Volume Two For Kids is videos and piano songs with a piano sheet music notation song book all for Kids.
A series of books allows the reader to utilize a storytelling system to learn and remember basic knowledge - Science, math, history.
Blue cotton candy hair. Playfully honest, sarcastic, and sweet. Someone ought to write a book about her. Oh right ... IG:#chooeyalice
A cultural book for millions of children in America, Kazakhstan, and Europe.
A world where super hero powers are granted to only those who are worthy enough to carry out the mission with honor, courage and duty!
This series chronicles the adventures of a single mom as she cares for children as the silly, quirky, and at times weird...Nanny Nikki!
Kayla and the Chocolate Tree is a story of a little girl who loves chocolate and finds a tree full of chocolate bars.
5 fun children's books that help develop character.
Buster is taking his usual path through the field one morning & discovers that Farmer Bean has bought a bull! See what happens next!
This personalized book explains to your child what foods to avoid, how to avoid them and what to do if an allergic reaction happens.
Help us bring to life our children's book, The Adventures of Super Awesome Ace Dynamite. Written by Aeson Liddic and his dad, Eric.
While at the library, one family discovers that monsters read books too. They even lick the pages and chew on the illustrations.
Nick Books will be a series of interactive books written by Joseph Interdonato and illustrated by Gary Lester.
Who is Monica getting bullied by and why? How can Paul the Pencil help her through this hard time
Fleck is my first children's book inspired by Dr. Seuss. My dream is to write many books for kids, but need a 'kickstart' to get there
A book about a former Paralympic World Record holder who lost both of his arms at age 12.
A whimsical book designed to promote peace through lyrical words and collaborative mosaic artwork. Profits donated to educate children.
I Am Earth is a Magical Journey with a unique Dialogue between a little girl and mother nature.
An inspirational children's book that I dream to publish, then sell at bookstores. My children inspired me to write this book.
Please support me to bring education and awareness of British Sign Language to all.
Kayla is shocked by the changes she finds at Grandma's house and learns valuable lessons with a happy ending of love and family.
A fun story about a Dr. who specializes in personalized pets, and the trouble that ensues when he receives an odd request
This is a story of a magic clothesline that brings the things that are hung on it to life and the adventures those things have
Join Connor, Milo and Max as they set off to postpone school for one more week by pulling the master of all pranks.
A school wide cookbook, which kids can submit their family recipes.
Two aliens... one spaceship... and a wild unforgettable adventure! A whimsical sculpture comes to life in this richly illustrated book.
This book continues the adventures of Danny Dog and, like the award-winning first book, provides an important life lesson for children.
Toz Knows Books invite children on adventures with puppy Tozer & his pals as they go back in time to watch Bible stories unfold!
The Adventures of Bunny and Clyde is a series of children's books from Michael Read Dwyer. Stay tuned for more from these two!
Anita Krajnc gave a pig water. She now faces charges for criminal mischief. My children’s book tells her story in a kind and warm tone.
Frankie the Firefly is a 3 book children's series, that is going to be re-written, re-drawn, in one volume and in full color!
Help Emily Sper self-publish her award-winning, interactive kids' book,  "The Passover Seder." Touch, turn, open, and learn!
Frizzy Izzy helps a chinchilla that gets chilly!  Learn about an endangered animal and that being kind is what makes you beautiful.
A children's story about kid a who wants every excuse to avoid sleep & how his parents help him see the night in a magical new way.
Rose Moore and granddaughter Ruby Rose Stenzel write and publish a book about what vegetables do in the garden at night
while we sleep.
An illustrated Kids’ book, about how luck changes and turns a man's life from rags to riches.
"My Daddy's In Jail" is a book dedicated to the children of incarcerated parents.
Are you tired of that damn elf on a shelf? Fund an alternate children's book that will make your children hate him.
Learn to Play is designed to teach young players basic principles & key skills, giving them confidence and motivation to go out & play.
Join the adventures of our cute and colorful creatures!
Mona y la Magicaja es el primero libro infantil ilustrado en español para despertar el espíritu emprendedor en nuestros niños.
Who Tickles You?

The Tickle Monster is looking for generous backers to fund his Children's Picture Book.


Let's get Tickled!
Illustrations created by Rama Dixit from India are needed for a children's storybook about domestic violence and physical abuse.
"The Deaf Prince" is a fairy tale for and about deaf children that teaches one very important lesson - Important people can be deaf!
Blue is the coming of age story about a young dolphin, who after becoming seperated from the pod, goes on a journey of self discovery.
A novel about an ordinary boy from the Welsh Valleys who is about to discover he is far from ordinary. Rhys Taliesin - the Celtic Hero!
"Ooee" exclaims Jake. "Ooee"? What could little Jake be asking for? Help bring this funny, family adventure to life and solve "Ooee"
The Pop and Pull Snowman is a hands-on, educational toy/book that promotes learning, builds language and engages every child in play.
The  Millpond Adventures animated coloring book is suited for children of all ages.  Entertaining and educational.
The Silver Unicorn is a Christmas story about the power of kindness, overcoming adversity & being empowered to be kind giving & loving
A child's version of the affects of hurricane Katrina and starting over.
A Beautiful Childrens Book on the Simple Lessons of Life.  Alphabetical A-Z sequence, each letter has a corresponding animal and lesson
Lemuria twins set off for a life time of adventure full of lessons of trust, love, heart and magick.
A Vibrant Picture Book, Informing Children Of The Dangers Of GMO Foods, and the benefits of real, healthy alternatives!
Be a part of bringing Kimberley Downs to life with the first book in The Outback Adventures Series - "The Wild Brumby"
Explore our amazing world with PJ.  Teaches children to love our planet; places, peoples + cultures and overcome fear of the unknown.
An illustrated tale from a true and ongoing story to help heal and preserve the Florida Everglades from any more endangering impacts
Books about The Brr Bugs! How you get them and how to avoid them. Ten different books on how to dress warm when you go outside.
A  baby Polar Bear with pink fur is born to a loving mother. Join her as she battles prejudice and bullying. Fun awaits you!
A great children's book for any young child!  Creates a bedtime routine!
Children have fun learning with Lucy McPuppers as she navigates the world through the eyes of a dog! Authored by a teacher and parent.
Children's Book. Discover your inner beauty through life lessons as learned through the experiences of a golden retriever.
A novel in verse by the late Linda Sanders-Wells brings to life a story of friendship, belonging and being more than sometimes.
Take a trip through the mind of a little girl as she explorers the magic of "The Doll House Tree"!
3book set Shakespeare/Dr Seuss..originally created for my niece, so to leap that "Old English" barrier, and expose her to Shakespeare.
'You're Not Alone' is an animated children's book that will explain Anxiety in a fun and educational way.
In a wonderful world, where both people and animals work & play together, a little boy learns the best way to be heard is not to shout!
Every child likes a tickle. I have written a picture book discovery adventure trying to find the very best tickle in the world.
A children's book series geared toward special needs children and their parents in preparing for new experiences.
I will be distributing these to students at no charge following my program "Let's Make Litter Disappear!"  to reinforce the message!
Series of rhyming picture books to help children learn morals while making the experience fun & entertaining in a way they can relate.
My project will help me to buy a print on demand printer and guillotine cutter to start Create Print Publishing.
Compares the child stage of good & bad behaviors & allows the child to decide the behavior they fall under, "A SOUR KID or SWEET KID?"
My bilingual children's books are not only catchy but also fun, colorful and educational.  These books are great at home or at school!
The baby book that doesn't classify "Mom" or "Dad"! The baby book for ALL types of families!
We are excited to share a funny story about kindness to animals and what happens when you try to feed an elephant a dirtclod.
Share in a journey taken by Grandma and her granddaughter through local shops where little Zoie's curiosity surprises Grandma!
Look on as Johnny takes you on yet another one of his adventures, this time as a Fire Engine.
I wish to publish a collection of Russian folk tales about winter translated/adapted by me and illustrated by children from all over the world.
The Funnigins float down the Circle River and wash up on the banks of a new world. They meet the wierdest characters trying to get home
I want to self publish my first children's book called I Am Weird and help kick start my career in children's book publishing.
Young Lizzie doesn't want to wait until she "grows up" to travel around the world -or anything else for that matter!
Another step towards a more kind and loving community on earth.. through the simple process of teaching and communicating to children.
A series of childrens books based on Rebel and her adventures to bring awareness to pitbulls while also teaching values and  lessons
A heartfelt humorous Children's book  that shines light on some overlooked hardships that our kids have to endure.
Delightful little "Pearl and Lillie" were tested and they learned to do the right thing!
Our goal is to publish a series of children's books dedicated to helping sick children understand and cope with their chronic illness.
JUNIOR GOES TO THE GALAPAGOS is a children's picture book that teaches kids about geography, animals, and leadership. Ages 7+
This is an entertaining short story children's rhyming picture book about a little girl searching for her sister in & around the house.
Cindy Freland needs money to continue writing books to help children learn about the beauty and the bounty of the Chesapeake Bay.
A fantastic book that teaches everyone counting and the horrors of camping.
Read with the kids in your life about the unique month they were born in a book made for them.
When I Dream is a picture book about a spirited little girl who is homeless but not afraid to reach toward her lofty dreams.
A fun children's book illustrated with photography allowing children to guess where each animal and insect is in their environment.
An amazing fun filled book that makes kids realize just how special they are.  That, it’s our differences that make us special.
JASPER learns that great things can be accomplished when you work together with others after being thrown into a Zombie Apocalypse.
No Trail Behind Me is the first book in the Bloodwood series.  It is a dynamic mix of urban culture and magic for the teen market.
“Wouldn’t It Be Wonderful If You Could Build Lasting Christmas Traditions Your Children Would Remember For Years To Come…”...
Iggy Plays Hide and Seek is about an iguana named Iggy that learns to use his talents to help improve his hide and seek skills.
We all remember the Love; of our First Loyal Cuddly Friend. 
This is the Story of one such Friend.
Each 4th-5th-6th and 7th grader should have access to this fantastically intelligent and entertaining product that empowers imagination
Come along and join Lupa on various voyages while she learns new, exciting words from each letter of the alphabet.
I want to create a line of children books that allows little girls and boys to be whatever they want to be no matter gender bias
HalloWEEn Tales is the first volume of Wee Tales-a fiction journal for 7 to 12 year old readers, featuring stories, puzzles, and poems.
A story about a donkey that encounters Christ and learns about humility and purpose.
Elizabunny bucks the trend and feeds her starving friends rather than squander the harvest on frivolous fashion that will rot anyway.
A cute story about a litte girl who gets teased on at school? Find out who comes to brighten her day.
T.O.A.D. = Technology Overload Attention Deficit. This fully illustrated children's book warns of the insidious impact of technology.
Bullying is a huge epidemic, but Summer of Seven allows the youth of all ages to embrace their special talents and be proud!
This is a very unique educational fun, series of Children’s books that everyone will enjoy reading.
An inspiring tale of imaginative creatures that shows children (and adults) there are consequences for who we become in daily life.
A story of a young girl that stumbles across a forgotten horse and makes every effort to make this horse her own.
Morning, Miss Moo is the first in a series of children's books about an ornery cat. She's ready for more trouble in book number two.
The Blue Forest is an adventure about a young boy, Drake Treadbottom, who deals with the loss of a family member and school bullies.
Two children are living in a small beach community - promoting healthy living, solving mystery's and having a great time doing it!
Join the adventures of our cute and colorful creatures!
Thank you for joining me in getting Noodles & Goo revised and marketed to a new generation of readers.
Tailored, handmade and personalised books for children to make your child dreams come true!
Picture Books, A Lobster's Tale, and Off Season, are written for young and old alike. We support local programs for kids at
nmlc.org
You are never too small to dream and achieve what others consider to be the impossible.  Sometimes miracles happen along the way.
Mom and her twin girls seek to publish a childrens United States Pocket Constitution using easy to understand words & phrases.
A timeless story from Rudyard Kipling's Jungle Book for readers 6 - 99 years available in a richly illustrated hardcover edition.
A forgotten Halloween decoration wants to help everyone celebrate Christmas. But how can a bat possibly be a part of Christmas?
May this book help our children find true contentment in their future professions while balancing the value of family and friends.
The Great Thud is an adventurous tale about a special pony who shows us how to dance to the rhythm of the world in our hearts.
An illustrated children's book with funny short stories to explore consequences of challenging behaviour and rewards for good behaviour
Kids age 4-8 learn about yoga, art & Parisian culture by acting out the story using yoga poses.
Evang-A-Bear is a resource designed to empower parents and ministers to share the gospel with children and equip children to share too!
CopyCat Christ is an innovative way to teach young kids the principals of the bible in a fun and creative way.
1 in 50 children are diagnosed with autism living in a shell without the ability to speak or daily activities.
A book about some of the things that people do during the Christmas holiday, like kissing under the mistletoe.
Stories that teach children how to identify and express their feelings.
In this ebook, Maverick the Mustang shares fun and positive stories that will entertain and teach kids that we are all Unstoppable!
. The OFT handbook is available on two levels 2nd and 3rd grade.
Help me raise money to publish various children's books on the different types of disabilities. For more info: www.elsieguerrero.com.
An illustrated book telling of David's move to a new house, and how its garden helps him adjust and brings him closer to his grandma.
A giant malamute named America narrates the patriotic story of her and her siblings, Liberty, Freedom and Patriot.
Funding the First-Printing of my Storybook, "Jinx the Black Cat" - Signed "Artist Edition" - 160 illustrated Pages - Written in Rhyme!
A fun filled , education , bilingual children's activity book, filled with coloring pages, crossword puzzles, and much more!
A picture book for young children. A cat named Socks goes on short adventures.
I wrote a children's book for my son. Now he wants me to get it published so he can show his friend's . Let's not let him down!
The Little Yellow Triangle-a children's book to teach kids ages 2-6 about colors & shapes, & introduce concepts of math and geometry.
Helping educate children about this unique family structure and the special bond between a great little dude and his magnificent nanny!
Keoni: A Menehune Destiny -The seventh eBook in the "Keoni the Menehune" series.
This is a children's book about a mom of 3 being a surrogate for two married men.
Through fun garden characters and comical rhyme these books tackle various emotions a child may face while growing up.
One Million Monsters is a range of fun and exciting eductional products for children.
A children's book that merges the worlds of football, fiction & adventure for young readers/supporters
A children's picture book about ninja babies: pint-sized saboteurs that love to cause frustration daily! For kids 4 to 12.
Ten Little Gator Eggs is a counting up and down book that includes the life cycle of the American Alligator.
Coco colorfully shows how Jealously and Diversity can be overcome and forgotten by Friendship Love and a good game of Kickball.
A rhyming, fun, quirky, story where Chica attends a concert of The Prince of Pop and he finds her missing shoe.
I wrote this a long time ago and have had quite a few people tell me I should pursue the publishing of it and so this is what I'm doing
Help me share this book with libraries, children's hospitals, under priveledged children and for those stuck indoors across America.
Sebastian has a village of friends he would like to introduce to you. Won't you join our little diverse village too?
Marcus Garvey Children's Activity Book scheduled for January 2017 that focuses on his life and legacy with fun activities.
In his backyard, a young boy, Theodore Balloon discovers a creature that has been sleeping underground for hundreds of years.
Children's author aiming to raise funds to purchase 100 books.
Grandpa Lester loved to play golf!  One day Grandpa Lester started pulling a lot of crazy stuff out of his closet...
A motivational story about a little bird who learns to sing his song.
The LUVIES animal characters are completed and are starring in their first book YUM YUM YUM Eating Food Is So Much Fun.
Do you ever wonder what happens to all of your socks? Could it be the goats in the basement?
Whisper is a baby butterfly.  Come join her in her first adventure.  See what she learns to do, where she goes, and where she ends up!
Follow Kady Knight, gypsy girl and thief, as she discovers an alternative planet and fights evil - and you choose who reads it first!
Middle-grade action Adventure, Lyrics and his puppy save the universe with help from some very original characters. 16k+ words.
Join Duck and his friends on a surprising adventure as they chase watermelons for a watermelon feast. Pre-k through 3rd grade.
The Santa Claus lie destroys trust and teaches children to engage in delusion over reality. My Santa debriefing book prevents that.
An amazing book that combines the art of 3D pumpkin carving and illustration, creating a magical world where pumpkins come to life!
I am creating a children's book that teaches kids self-defense in a simple cartoonish way. Koko the karate dog is a karate superstar
Join Fartacus as he fights evil with extreme flatulence. Created by a kid — and your kid can be included too! Fear the FART!  PHHFFT!
The latest story from Mixed Up Land which teaches children why telling lies and being jealous will get you into BIG trouble.
Vividly illustrated children's book, describing a World Record holding Great Dane's quest to bring smiles to kids in hospitals.
An uplifting story about an animal shelter kitten who longs to be adopted, but is afraid that her imperfections will prevent it.
I love writing. I want to write stories for pagan families.  I believe my Goddess' Lessons will be a great tool for families.
Even a Nobody is a Somebody.
With 33 original titles to choose from, picking 3 isn't easy.
Morals and Values are becoming non-existent in today's society. It all starts as a kid, and this new series will help reinstate them.
Please, please help us publish this five book children's chapter book series.
A cute little girl Pepper imagines herself and her little brother 
Ronnie running for president and vice president from the Pizza Party
"Melody and the World of Harmony" is a didactic book for kids, now only available in Italian. My idea is to realize an English version
Adventure and magic abound when Mason Alexander and a Talking Walking Stick discover nature and history in all parts the world.
A fun way to teach or learn the alphabet using alliterations.
In this children's math series, join Layla and Wilson as they travel the globe helping kids solve Common Core-centered math problems.
A coloring book in comic page panel narrative format about the history of Florida as  FREE downloadable blog pages and as an e-book.
Imagine inspiration in a book for children. That's what the Dance School Diaries book series is about.
I want to create and publish the adventures and life of Teddy Longlegs into children's books. Together we can create something special
Come LIGHT UP YOUR DREAMS with Ao Li & Gary, her Illuminary Dream Dragon! Picture book projects! Funds will be used for illustrations!
The Animal Symphony is a picture book in which children's favorite animals conquer the world of the orchestra and magic happens.
Inspire Belief Kids is a school-based/home programme that teaches kids to believe in themselves and in their dreams
Sugar is a story of two friends that bond when they are both the victims of discrimination.
A way for aspiring authors to publish their stories as enhanced eBooks to share with the world. Interactive stories for children.
Our company has one specific goal, to publish books that get kids excited about learning to read.
EXCITING sci-fi novel for kids of all ages. Young teen learns to accept & love herself as she discovers who she really is...a SUPERHERO
Reality TV, celebrity worship... and a six-foot tall talking rabbit. He's here, he's a hare - get used to him!
A mobile app that lets your young child help a group of Build-o-saurs, a new breed of dinosaurs that are just born to build!
I am writing a children's series and I need help with illustrating and publishing costs. It is about a boy and his love of animals.
Join us in sharing the magical story of the Christmas Pickle. This book is truly a Holiday Tradition the whole family can enjoy!
The time has come for a renaissance in children's literature; a revival of classic storytelling within handmade books to be cherished.
Launching Luke is the partnership of a lifelong dream with my life's inspiration. This project will bring that culmination to life.
Alan's experiences illustrate just how hard a hedgehog's life can be in this human dominated world.... now he's educating us all!!
Can you change the world with a compellingly beautiful, joyfully loving story? Yes, you can. THE CHIMES STORY will fill your heart.
A wordless picture book app that encourages anyone to be the storyteller, no matter what your age or language!
The Story of Santa's Birds shares the secret of how the birds help Santa Claus check on all the children of the world.
I am writing a children's book about the adventures of Maxx and Minion. Or at least how they view their everyday life adventures.
A colorfully illustrated children's book with the intent to encourage readers the art of perseverance and believing in yourself.
Book series that teach kids life lessons through fun, relatable stories.
The story about a little multiethnic girl that needs reassuring to learn to love herself and her multicultural background.
Pickles is a mouse with ADHD,  instead of focusing on sleeping, he starts imagining doing fun and extraordinary.
Meet Peetleberry Pumpkinhead, the curious little pumpkin headed boy who goes on imaginary adventures and meets extraordinary characters
"Turn 2 Healthy Racing" is a children book series, created to empower children to reach their goals and to live a healthier life.
A space themed baby book! Teach your baby about our solar system.  The board book format can stand up to all their drooling excitement.
A children's book about the Internet that explains how it works and highlights the different technologies that it relies on to exist.
A children's book for exhausted parents!  This simple, sweet story will help to ease frustrated parents and appease rowdy rugrats.
What or Who Inspires You?  Get on board the Yellow Bus!
Engaging personalised story based brought to life with matching costumes! 50% of profits donated to children's charities.
A series of RUGBY based short stories for children with merchandising
Learning My ABC's combines art and music to actively engage children in learning their alphabets and sounds using EDU-tainment.
An old bubble wand.  A hazy image in a bubble.  POP! Erin is transported to new, exciting worlds.  With adventure in store!
'Turtle!' is a children's book based off a song I wrote for my son. Help it become a finished product for children everywhere to enjoy!
Hey fellow readers, I've written my second children's story titled 'Chris The Crocodile Gets Creative' and it's publishing time!
We need Backers to reprint our book for children
Charlie's Day Out is a series of children’s books that helps Children & Adults learn about landmarks in our capital cities in Australia
Looking to publish a line of children's books known as the curious kittens
Stop bullying
An inspiring, picture book about one man’s desire to bring happiness to others, one sweet creation at a time.
Our children's books tell the story of two lonely creatures who strike up an unlikely friendship. They need your help.
Look out world! Rocket Regal, Soap Box Derby Racer is here! Kids and parents alike will appreciate the life lessons taught.
My plan is to print 3000 books so I can share the message of dreaming and dreaming big with children all around the world!
Come along with Pretzel and his family as they learn about dog breeds and how to groom them at Barkwoof Dog Grooming! 
For ages 4-8.
Angels of Agape’s 4th children’s book Glorious Praise is based on 1 Corinthians 10:31 …whatever you do, do it all for the glory of God.
Books to be donated to local schools about Cricket the chicken along with hatching eggs as part of our Eggs for Education Program.
