Tierras Robadas: La Roca del Destino es un libro indie de fantasía medieval épica, y ahora yo, su autor, quiero publicarlo en Steam.
A two-week-long, arts-driven sailing voyage in the waters off Svalbard, the remote archipelago where my novel-in-progress takes place
Follow Maren on her soul-searching quest to find her biological father. After a tragedy, the only link to her past is a journal.
Tuesday may not have the answer to everything but she can brighten your day with some serious over-shares and hilarious anecdotes.
Discover what secrets wait in the Tower of Light.
Logan discovers an old book about Greek myths that aren't so mythical or quite right.  The more he reads, the more he sees.
Running Wilde is the 1st novella featuring the sexy adventures of Winnie Wilde, a fifty-year-old divorcee searching to find herself.
Is it possible to live 2 lives, chase 2 dreams -- one as an engineer, and the other as a fiction writer? I think so and so should you!
This project funds book one of a new series by Rocky Perry set in Chattanooga and New Orleans during modern times.
Help me finish the production of my first novel, A Misfit's Guide to Infiltrating a Cult, to be self-published in Spring 2014.
Sequel: Sara continues to assist others through her psychic gifts. Adventure, kidnapping and murder investigation. Secret messages.
In Art's third novel, aging rock guitarist Badge accepts work with young punk diva Betty, but is it time to give up the dream?
A suspense novel filled with manipulation and deception. Chase Barnes is an NJ cop whose life is altered in one on- the- job incident.
A Memphis commodities trader uncovers deadly secrets hidden since the Civil War in the backrooms and backwaters of the Deep South.
This YA fantasy novel belongs in the library of every dragon lover! My goal: to prepare the manuscript for fall 2013 eBook publication.
How does the media deal with the first woman to play a full season of elite hockey, against men? Let's find out.
Help Turn Book 2 of Fritz's Bestselling Thriller/ Horror MAN HUNT Trilogy Into Audiobooks Read by Hollywood Actor/ Narrator, Jack Nolan
A workshop for high school teachers interested in incorporating the writings of Kurt Vonnegut into their curriculum.
Kids from kindergarten on up come together to complete Nanowrimo in their classroom and at home. They want to publish an anthology.
Help first-time author Carissa Andrews get Pendomus professionally edited before release in October 2013.
Rabbit! Rabbit! Rabbit! is an illustrated, urban fantasy novel for everyone who's ever lost a friend.
Harry Potter, Hunger Games, Divergent ruled hearts and fueled obsessions. It's time for the birth of a new fandom! 
"The Sky Realm"
I've written & am illustrating a 66-page book for new parents or those expecting a child w/ Down Syndrome. Please help fund my project!
I've received a generous grant to attend a prestigious writing residency.  Help me attend and complete my book manuscript!
A tale of alternate realities, larger-than-life characters, and a quirky heroine who finds herself in a brave new world.
Two new urban fantasy novellas featuring half-fatae PI Danny Hendrickson: "The Work of Hunters" and "An Interrupted Cry"
Perfect gift for that special lady this holiday season! The story of a woman and her grandmother, alongside letters they once exchanged
Founders Less Than Three is a funny, sexy novel about 10 start-ups with 5 CEO girls, 5 CEO guys and their race for funding and fun.
Fund a first printing of author J.M. Perkins' action horror novel 'CHEMO: How I Learned to Kill.' Kick in today!
Shane Crash and Anthony Mathenia bring two action-packed tales in a split pulp book: vampire hunters, female convicts & more!
With his first book in “The Dead Chronicles” series, Denni Towle takes zombie story telling to a whole new level.
Help promote Brendan Detzner's new short story collection "Scarce Resources".
Tirfo Thuin is the first book of a young adult fantasy fiction trilogy. I am looking for support to help fund a professional edit.
After deciding to bypass the traditional methods of publishing, I want to raise the funding to self-publish hard copies of my novel.
An idealistic book editor discovers that her company is killing employees—and she's next.
A mysterious American arrives in a quintessentially English village claiming to be on holiday but not all the residents are convinced.
Jack Heart is a lone hiker who wanders into a quarantined mountain town.  A violent tale of isolation, survival, and zombies.
Emmett Eisenberg's List of Possessions:  Ph.D. (Physics); Professorship; Hot Girlfriend; Great Students; Dark Past Catching Up to Him.
The natural result of Chicago's best voice actors & master builders let loose on a military fantasy adventure soaked in ancient magic.
Human turned ghost Terra returns for a last time, fighting to stay among the living.A secret fights to break free from those she trusts
An independently published work of true horror. Help Dim Media publish their first 'zine not made on a copy machine.
A collection of urban fantasy and horror short stories, now with exciting guest star contributors!
If at first you don't succeed, find a way to MAKE it happen. I don't give up that easily. Let's get this done together. Right now.
We're thrilled to present two new breathtaking fantasy worlds. Love middle grade books? Love young adult? We have you covered!
In this book, ethereal beings grant magical abilities to humans who live, love, fight, and discover new worlds.
Help release political satire novel "Dick Cheney Saves Paris" on August 30, the day Cheney's own novel--er, autobiography comes out.
One part haunting fantasy, one part historical fiction, and one part spaghetti western.
The much anticipated sequel to Jason and the Draconauts is finally here!
Every conspiracy needs a guy like me. Too bad every conspiracy has one...me. And now someone wants me dead.
A dramatic Eco-novel from the perspective of birds (think Watership Down) needs an equally dramatic book trailer.
Pretend Genius. "Two words. Two meanings. Or more than two." That's our new motto for this project.  Join us.
A Celtic fantasy novel where magic is music and music is faith. The first novel in history to include originally composed music.
This is the funny, violent, offbeat vampire novel you might write...  except Jesse Dixon wrote it and now we want to publish it.
An adaptation of my screenplay "Birdseye Station" into a novel, set in a modern alternate history where the South won the Civil War.
Anthony has started AG Creative Publishing and is launching his first book, The Messengers, a paranormal mystery, this February
Cary Graham, an aspiring author, is seeking funding to self-publish a supernatural thriller entitled Remnant.
A story about happiness, and how it doesn't simply happen because you fall in love. This psychological romance needs you to launch!
The audiobook for Alana Terry's bestselling suspense novel "The Beloved Daughter" will be produced by 3-time Audie-winner Kathy Garver.
I am getting ready to publish my second book - Namesake Chronicles: Heart of Lead. It is the second in a series of 4 that I am writing.
A collection of stories about near futures, possible futures, and impossible futures.
This critically acclaimed genre-bending debut novel is "Much more than a scifi thriller."..."social commentary as well"
Combining music and murder, the first Mara Solomon detective thriller will have you dying for more!
Help launch the Epic YA/Crossover Fantasy-THOUGHTS TO DIE FOR! Your pledge will help pay for Kirkus & Foreward Clarion Reviews!
Zombie, Indiana is the a story of an undead attack on the Hoosier state! It's the sequel to Zombie, Illinois and Zombie, Ohio.
A collection of five dark and twisted short stories introducing completely original characters and the worlds they live in.
'The Awakened' is a who's who of fantasy authors writing in the unique world of Grimaton, where adulthood could change you forever...
Help fund HELP FUND MY ROBOT ARMY!!! an anthology of improbable, futuristic, magical & alternate-world crowdfunding projects.
Flare is a YA novel centered around the adventure undertaken by three gifted faerie sisters to assassinate the queen of a rival land.
We need your help to bring the science fiction thriller Nanomagica to life by creating an enhanced ebook with audio, videos and more!
Follow Quinn, a young trans boy, as he is taken from Earth to Aldia,  where he helps the wyverns reverse an ancient curse.
The Pastmaster time travel series continues.
This metaphorical journey through an eating disorder allows the reader/listener to engage with the author's experiences.
Fireside is a multigenre fiction and comics magazine. We have two goals: good storytelling and fair pay for creators.
Author Junior Wilson (aka Joe "the wigit Wilson) has dreamed of bringing this labor of love called Continia to print.
Send author Josh Aterovis out into the world with his new book The Truth of Yesterday!
When evidence linked to sadistic murders shows up in geocache holds, a detective must play the killer's deadly game to catch him.
Simon is not alive. He's not, however, "dead" as we understand it. I'm afraid I cannot fully explain what he is,or what he may become
After Chris loses his wife to leukemia, he has only one plan- self-destruction. In Dublin he learns grief can't destroy everything.
If you're not where it's at, where are you?
Funny and dark, The Hipsters follows a group of friends around New York City as they figure out what the word "hipster" actually means.
Books 1 and 2 in Cassidy Jones are Top Rated, Bestselling eBooks. I'm making them available in paperback to fulfill customer demand.
Expanding the Demon Squad Urban Fantasy Universe with Demon Squad 10 - Institutionalized and More!
A Steampunk novel in which the scions of the classic Victorian monsters fight an evil cabal of vampires bent on taking over the world.
Acclaimed author Colin Bateman's first collection of short fiction and drama.
"The Sanctioned" is the first book in my YA/Dystopia series about a group of ppl forced to flee underground and try to survive.
John Dee is a magician in Los Angeles.  He is going insane.
Dee could set the world on fire. All she needs is a spark...
The collected reminiscences of Helena Hann-Basquiat, a self-proclaimed dilettante who will try anything just to say that she has.
An original book of completely made up Finnish folklore that will underwrite Regretsy's goodwill tour of Finland this winter
Gang negotiator, Hank, struggles with his motto of never taking sides when his backwater, criminal space station is invaded.
Be a part of the journey to achieve my late Grandfather’s literary dreams and legacy, as well as my own publishing dreams.
M. Shaw's collected short stories and novelettes, 2008-2011. 
"Should not be as compelling a read as it was." - Fangoria
Survivanoia is a smart, funny electronic book that wants to be released in an ink-and-paper edition!
A YA romance on ice.
The first book in a Steampunk/Fantasy trilogy, focusing on Fairy Tales and stories that we know, but can’t quite recall in detail.
Terror in rural Australia as the legend of big cats roaming the Queensland bush becomes reality.
The 2nd book in a series of fantasy novels about a young angel-turned-devil and his perilous adventures in the Netherworld.
Help us raise funds to film a promotional video for a new fantasy novel!
Olivia Black can pickpocket the soul. What will she find in yours?
We each have a WishKeeper fairy assigned to us that tends to our wishes. Rebellious, broken-winged Shea is determined to become one.
The sequel to the novel "Freakhouse" is ready to enter the next important steps towards publication under the title "Parish"
I have written a 97,000 word novel, and I am trying to get it published in hardcover form through a traditional publisher.
This is book number one in a series created by an imaginative seven year old boy and illustrated by an innovative six year old girl.
Support the publishing of this thriller play/ Apoya la publicación de este thriller teatral.
QUIET ENJOYMENT, a novel. Two friends deal with AIDS in 1990's Baltimore and rural Pennsylvania.
This book has been a part of my life for a long time. It is time to finish it!
A bat named Matthew contains a special pathogen. It can only spread through emotion. Death for enemies, immortality for friends.
I am fundraising to complete a historical fiction novel about Inessa Armand and her colleague and intimate friend V I  Lenin.
Here's the scoop: A three part Novel: High Fantasy-esque realm where the Devil has entered the land of man and rules supreme.
Cover promotional costs for a diverse fantasy series, get the series in return.
Bridge to Story will teach me advanced editing skills. My manuscripts will be transformed in amazing ways. She charges $475.
"Fierce Stranger" is a 100k+ word novel, with 52 original drawings, to be printed locally in Long Beach, California.
A new collection of dark & alternative fairy tales.
Get in on the ground floor of this exciting NEW book subscription box - get a CLEAN read and much MORE in your mailbox each month!
A fantasy parody book with a wry sense of humor. The outlaw has written 125 Entries into his journal. Adventure and laughs await!
A science fiction novel about artificial intelligence, terraformed worlds and a supermassive city caught in a civil war. This is Ames.
My book PLANET X successfully appeared in the Netherlands in January 2017 and I like to have it translated into English.
il Mare per salvare le sue creature si rivolge ai subacquei.
The Ocean in order to save its creatures asks for help to the divers
The SYCORAX SERIES are space opera novellas inspired by great works like THE TEMPEST, BEAUTY AND THE BEAST and Arthurian tales.
A military-horror novel (and RPG) with gritty battles, creepy paranormals, and some awesome high-end art depicting both.
This is what you get when you combine contemporary drone-photography with elements from the past and good old storytelling.
This extremely adult book makes Fifty Shades look like Disney!
Unique fantasy novel: wizards, dragons, magic, and the connections that define us 
[ vegan gender equalist female heroine indie LGBTQ ]
Support this book project and follow Orphaleena as she journeys from a fear-ridden dungeon to the loving arms of a servant.
Need funds to get my new epic fiction novel polished and edited by a top grade editor.
Has the past collided with the present? - A young journalist is sent to investigate an unexplained incident at a local railway station.
We are looking to raise the money to edit and publish our first book. It will be a 3 book series, and have options for merchandise.
Quiero asistir a una residencia artística para escritores en Francia y así terminar Estocolmo 69, mi primera novela.
Help publish "Monster In Me" - a darkly comedic novel about a schizoaffective guy who has a lot of wrongs to right.
A fictional sci-fi/fantasy novel that follows the main character as he journeys through the multiverse.
La Gr@not@ wants to publish a book of flash fiction + graphic art with the theme of refugees. ALL profits go to volunteers w/ refugees.
A retired outlaw risks it all to help a musical group of Irish settlers reach their claim, confronting his past to build a future.
I'm a new fantasy writer, trying to break into the market and get my books out in front of the world. Believe is Book Two in my series.
Eidolon Atomic is an indie book series set in a distopian world, driven by a new type of SciFi Genre, "Phantom Punk Tech."
I have written a funny book! Called 'Nothing handles like a rental car' it tells tales of automotive adventures from around the world.
Maps on the Wall: a thought-provoking sci-fi short by author Lucian Carter. Refugees from a dead Earth seek a new home among the stars.
I've writting a time travel novel where the subjects change the past, how far will some go to maintain their power?
'Dear Philomena,' is my debut novel. The story of two strokes, one girl, one boy and a whole lot of magical realism.
A political and social satire in the style of confrontation against the establishment like the Marquis de Sade did in his time.
A chilling and edgy novel that rides a jagged line between suspense and horror.
Chasing Stars is a completed manuscript in need of editing, marketing and cover art cost funding.
A high school romantic comedy about unrequited love and the trials of growing up, published in a light novel format.
Sequel to 2014 novel, "Lei Four".  Want to live in each area the book will depict, in an RV.  Need 10k for year long project.
I love the fantasy genre, and I want to start sharing my own worlds and stories.
Imagine you could start again, your sins washed away. The Endtimes are here, but even now someone is watching. Someone is judging.
Marcus Lear Mysteries are a series of novels about a former police detective with PTSD and the woman he grew up with.
I am working hard on finishing a novel and need a little help to get me through.
This book explores all of existence with the balance. Whether it is simple human and animal emotions or creation of the universe itself
I'll be promoting a fantastic novel. A surreal fantasy romance  spiced with humor and closing with a  strong social message.
This book is about a person who had an average life but decided to join a gang. When things went south he left but the gang did not.
Get ready for magic, adventure, and snarky humor. Oh yeah, and a talking cat. We're saving the world, preferably in time for tea!
The time is now, to fund a horror story riddled with gore and laugh's that will chill you to the bone. Come be a of the madness.
Memoir/manifesto/magical realism. A whimsical glimpse into the private life of a childfree ecofeminist artist, activist and farmer.
I've created my personalized site for distribution of my books. I'm trying to get stock of my books in order to begin mailing orders.
People are missing and Officer Rob Alletto must find out why and discover a way to stop it before the whole town slips 'Into Darkness'.
"The Fish in Jonah's Puddle" is a weird, wonderful novel that's unquestionably quirky. And I'm making 100 limited edition hardcovers.
I am attempting to take the advice of friends and colleagues and write a novel. Dreams and doppelgängers...
Primer novela de la saga Elemental - un Sci Fi que nos enfrenta al inicio del fin del mundo y a nuestros instintos, sobrevivir es todo.
This is my first novel conceived over 20 years ago, and written from 2015 to January 2017. It resembles the style of Vonnegut.
Satirical novel on the absurdities and hypocrisy of the Evangelical Christian Church. 1/3 finished (~25,000 words).
I have a passion project that I have self-published and now I need the backing to advertise my first professional writing project.
A Clockwork Saga is a five novel series detailing the accounts of a diverse cast of characters in a dystopian world.
Follow Anne Hunter in this fantasy romance novel. See through Anne’s eyes as she starts her new journey in the magical world...
The 90s nostalgia novel every queer and witchy horror fan as been waiting for.  Witches and werewolves and weirdos, oh my!
Dark Tales of Vampires, Witches, & Demons on the Streets of Victorian London!
Survival Fantasy Novel. A young woman is thrown into a fabricated world and must find a way to survive.
Now that my Paranormal Romance trilogy is complete, I'm trying to work with my publisher to market through PR By The Book to stand out.
I am writing a historical action novel set on the Titanic and need help financing research as well as creating, formatting & editing.
Hey there, I'm a self published author and I'm doing the dallas fan expo and I need money for books.
"Souls" is a dark comedy about a coup in Hell because of labor and treatment issues. Great Book! Can't wait for you to read it.
To raise funds for editing my novel.
Many know the story of Revelations but there are two sides to every story. This is Lucifer's.
Ready to be tracked with the RFID chip? Is there secret cloning of humans? What will Natalie find out about her past?
This project is for my first book of a series I'm writing.I'm starting this project for illustrations,printing and what else I need
The remake of Warlock's Magic: A Story of Beginnings: Jason's Story
Kickstarting the novel that Kickstarted science fiction: John Crowley’s new version of the "1st science fiction novel."
After a year of heartache and sorrow, Miguel journeys to the Camino de Santiago in search of healing, hope and another chance at love.
Queens, NY is in dire need of more bookstores. And you can help us change that! Read on, fellow booklover!
Helping Ukraine's voice be heard by translating novels into English, beginning with Oleh Shynkarenko's crazy, brilliant "Kaharlyk"
A guy who designs prop computer interfaces meets a girl who doesn't own a cellphone. A story about the human side of technology.
New Joe R. Lansdale horror novella offered in signed limited edition hardcovers illustrated by surrealist artist Santiago Caruso.
If you've read "Mask of the Other," you can fund a short story sequel. If you haven't, you can get the novel AND fund the sequel.
A series of handwritten postcards and letters from the past arrive in your mailbox, addressed to YOU!
Broken River Books and its two brand-new imprints, King Shot and Ladybox, attempt the impossible...releasing 12 books on the same day.
Continue the MAZE trilogy of Anna LaForge with the publication of the second book of the series, "The Agave Translation"
An annual conference--Writers who attend will see and learn about great fight scenes! Being held in Nashville TN April 17-19, 2015.
An autobiographical novel based on my 16 month bicycle journey from Oregon to Patagonia, and also based on my whole life.
The Official book to not surviving the invasion of the Space Monsters
Fiction River is an original fiction anthology series, published bi-monthly and edited by Kristine Kathryn Rusch and Dean Wesley Smith.
For $500, I'll put a 4,000 word short story on my website with a CC license. For $1100, you get another 5,000 words!
Twenty-five fortunate meetings between Lovecraftian Mythos and fairy tales of days gone by!
Realize your dream of being a wizard at a magical school and help make the North American magical universe come to life!
After many years of work, Scott Morris needs a final shot at his novel, Gaines Green, before it goes to publishers.
A darkly funny novel, set in 1979 San Francisco, about a brilliant young man desperate to undo the wrong he did to the woman he loves.
An alt-history Cold War-era spy adventure, told over 8 weeks online, by email, and through the post.
A roman à clef that has been described by no one other than the author as a "love-blasting, planet-exploding, God-eating spookfest."
An exciting, swashbuckling tale featuring faeries, monsters, ancient magic, and a singing crystal sword.
This darkly comedic fantasy.is the debut novel by New Zealand author RJ Astruc. Published by Crossed Genres. Preorder now & get it before release day!
Five driven women, a hard-drinking botanist, and a ruthless stranger stranded on a remote Maine island. Will anyone make it off alive?
The conquered universe is a political powder-keg, ready to explode- short stories in a common universe.
Elite: Lave Revolution tells the story of those brave men and women who risked everything to bring freedom to the people.
An online, illustrated serialized novel in the tradition of the Japanese light novel, along with a fully voiced audio book.
Persistence expands from simple story to digital work, drawing on the strengths of many media to intrigue, entertain, and even inspire.
Awesome science fiction from Gerry Anderson: the creator of Thunderbirds, Captain Scarlet, Stingray, UFO, Space 1999 and many more
Vanishing Ink is a hardcover novel about a lazy, washed-up magician who will soon be chosen to save the world from disappearing.
I am launching Victorian horror novella "The Seance" & aim to create revenue to promote my other books.
I want to publish a high quality printed book of the story of The Hidden Crystal for you.
A novel set on a backdrop of Norse myth and epic fantasy. When you have the spirit of a Valkyrie, what will you do with it?
Pin-ups, photographers, painters, and models collide in mid-century Los Angeles.
A short story collection by Alex Shvartsman.
Heroes, weirdos, clarity, and the pain of knowing you might never get closure.  What more could you want?
The WHISPERS FROM THE ABYSS ANTHOLOGY is the first ever H.P. Lovecraft inspired collection created specifically for readers on the go.
With psychic dinosaurs taking over Manhattan and beyond, it's up to the Century Club to save humanity -- from extinction!
Collecting chapters 201-381 of the award-winning web serial into a massive paperback edition. Being gay in the 80s never looked better!
Want to be a part of a community writing a historical, paranormal, thriller together chapter by chapter?
We're putting the class back in classics, enhancing the reading experience with beautiful design and interaction with great teachers.
I'm writing a young adult novel about the secret and enchanted lives of Istanbul's cats. It'll be online, and CC-NC.
A romantic adventure comedy set in a fantasy MMORPG
Support this wild story for millennials, by a millennial. We're a whole generation with no place in the publishing world.
Bucket Siler's latest zine is packed full of stories, letters, and comics. From the weirdo who brought you "I Have a Song For You."
A fast-paced adventure of costumed heroes, government conspiracy theories, and flesh-eating zombies with sidekick-style storytelling.
I, Ellen Datlow, will be editing an unthemed, all original anthology of terror and supernatural fiction for ChiZine Publications.
We're republishing some of the most popular classic books with an updated modern look and feel.
Help publish an inspiring collection of experimental literature & art. No short stories, no poetry, just weird things with words.
In this, the final 12 for '12 trilogy, young fantasy monsters must learn to be good — or die.
Publication of a fantasy book full of magic, political intrigue and action. The first in a series, Rilla will capture your imagination.
An immersive story telling app: original and retold fairytales with visual art, music and narration.
Fantasy author E.D.E. Bell begins the saga of a split world, dragons, and lost magic in a new fantasy trilogy.
The Year is 2084... Dystopian science fiction from post-climate change Shanghai, told through a mix of new technology and social media
The Green Ember is a new adventure with an old soul. #RabbitsWithSwords
We want to take the word "N-word" and replace it with "Robot" in Mark Twain's classic "The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn."
Police and a mathematician consultant race against time to stop a series of killings based on the famous Fibonacci series.
There's a whole world of great science fiction published in other languages. Help us translate and publish them in Clarkesworld!
Thrilling new stories of adventure, dystopia, badassery, and pedal power in classic pulp paperback format.
Get an 80,000 word novel about a smart-alec supervillain and his lifetime of hassles.
Michael J. Sullivan, Lian Hearn, Mark Lawrence, David Dalglish, Carol Berg and many more have penned tales set in their various worlds.
Pulp fantasy, Arthurian romance, & heavy metal collide in a burlesque stream-of-consciousness adventure novel.
A Book to Blow Your Mind in the Best Possible Way. Think “The Alchemist” with added Tech. A Magical Journey for Anyone at any Age.
A novel about trains and comics and capitalism and love and joy, written by the creator of the Comics Curmudgeon.
Follow Charles as he experiments with a host of outrageous lifestyles. Kickstarter only handmade covers.
Quantum wetware, telepathy, and cosmic slack for a wild young crowd.  Fun!  But beware of the hungry wormholes...
Casting Shadows is an anthology of eight haunting tales illustrated with beautiful black and white images.
Psychics, Hostages & Teenage Geniuses. 28 darkly-comic stories that defy expectation. A dose of fiction unlike anything else.
Panacea is a collection of short, experimental fictions & essays.
Enjoy a good story but don't have much free time? Support FictionBrigade, an online literary magazine that publishes flash fiction!
I wrote a novel! And I wanted to try a fun way to distribute it. The book is called The Collective. This is Andrew vs. The Collective.
A Million Miles is an intense coming of age story told with the indie/emo music scene of the late ‘90s set as the backdrop.
Make an award-winning short story available on the net, in perpetuity, under a Creative Commons license.
A story about the end of the world.
Michael J. Sullivan's unlikely heroes, Royce and Hadrian, return in a classic fantasy for both Riyria veterans and first-time readers.
Celebrating the absurd with mock-tabloid satire, I, Humpty marries the realities of life with elements from fairytales and folklore.
An exciting new fantasy, stunning cover art, all that's left is to print! Let's create a beautiful collectible out of my debut novel.
"Once upon a time, I built myself a god..." A steampunk fantasy set on a floating island, in a universe shared with three other writers
Stories (okay, one story) & pictures directly into your (snail) mailbox, all on a convenient post-card-size medium (i.e., a postcard)!
Chris Parker is selected to a jury in judgment of his own murder case.
In 2019 the US is thrust into a cyber war that results in chaos. Will the subsequent crackdown lead to the takedown of the NSA?
The first collection of short stories about one man's adventures slaying dragons in the American West.
Three brothers and the woman they all loved. A novel about complicated relationships that needs your help to be published in hardcover.
An epic fantasy series that follows Gray as he discovers his elemental powers and the origin of the legendary Ronin...
Hello, Absurd World is a book of poems written to strangers: unedited poetic communications. I am fundraising to self-publish the book.
'Grimoire' is the first of the Wayward Tales and is an Urban Fantasy novel that changes the way we read magical fiction forever.
I've written a lot of scary stories and I've won a few awards. This may be the best horror story I've written. Fund it, and I'll release it.
What do we seek now when we travel, and how do we share it in a compelling way?  Help me build a book on Positano and travel writing. 
I quit my job to write the book I’d always dreamed of. Now I’m self-publishing it in my quest not to live life by the book. Are you in?
Silence in the Library Publishing is thrilled to present three brand new novels from three exciting authors!
A steampunk gangland serial following Yevylin, a foreign girl struggling to survive a hostile city by joining a gang known as Scarlets.
We're putting on our big girl pants! Help us publish full-length novels, as well as the short fiction, poetry, and comics you love.
An eBook sequel to the cult hit Go-Go Girls of the Apocalypse published by Simon & Schuster in 2008.  A satirical action adventure.
Grim Tides will be a free-to-read online serial novel about Marla Mason, latest in the urban fantasy series started with Blood Engines.
A limited, hardcover archival edition of the retro futuristic, illustrated web serial from Thrilling Tales of the Downright Unusual.
The Runcible Spoon is a FREE, DIY, guerrilla food zine based in D.C. that promotes eating well, buying local and cooking at home. 
I'm writing a dozen novels in 2012, a trilogy at a time. The third group is set at the largest adventure game convention in America.
A fast-paced thriller that exposes the dark underworld of India and will take you on a nail-biting roller coaster ride.
Triangulation is a semi-professional annual SF, Fantasy and Horror Anthology that prides itself in encouraging new writers.
Thrilling Tales of the Downright Unusual is a series of illustrated, interactive stories from the Future That Never Was - on the web, and in print.
Fireside is a multigenre magazine of fiction and comics. We have two goals: to publish good storytelling and to pay creators well.
"WANDERLUST" is a fairytale adventure of one little girl on a journey of self-discovery to an awakening of a dream within a dream,.
A special edition of Avery Anthology, the 25 Cities Project will feature diverse short fiction from America's most populated cities.
An illustrated book detailing the author's otherworldly experiences at a literary conference for and by ghosts
"Soup's On," a five part novel, concerns the crises of the 20th century; our emerging global community; and hot, delicious soup.
Bringing more of the award-winning steampunk adventures of Agents Books and Braun to the world!
A new collection by award-winning science fiction and fantasy author Tim Pratt, with three original stories and author notes.
An accident puts Kevin Tremmel into a coma.  Upon waking he is not the same.  Is it psychological trauma or something darker at work?
Complexes, a fiction novel set in a cold city, focuses on the inhabitants of floor E and the intricacy of relationships.
Demons, magic swords, samurai, ninja, political intrigue and Mongol hordes. Historical fantasy set in 13th Century Japan. Banzai!
Nick Miller began posting excerpts from his novel on his blog. Based on the response, he decided to follow his dream. Help him publish.
A new sci-fi novel from James Erwin, author of the critically acclaimed Rome, Sweet Rome!
"An Intimate History of the Greater Kingdom" book two, continuing the epic fantasy/family saga of magic, sex, intrigue and redemption.
When a story breaks, the multiverse is thrown into chaos. It's up to the Genrenauts to put the narrative back on track...at any cost.
Anobium Books Presents: 'Sebastian's Relativity,' a limited-edition chapbook by Jonathan Greenhause with design by Jacob van Loon.
A collection of eleven short stories by Andrew Blossom. From Makeout Creek Books. Cover art by R Nicholas Kuszyk.
"The Alchemist’s Theorem" is a fantasy novel for kids, other humans and most functionally literate creatures.
A Greater Monster is a novel featuring 65 pages of illustrations, visual text poetry, graphics and links to original music & animation.
A children's book written for zombies and their little undead, written by Dan and Amelia Jacobs. Illustrated by Scott Brundage.
A novel about two teenage girls with superpowers and radically different agendas, destined for a collision that will rock the world.
A chic, handsome paperback featuring selected tales of Holmes after Moriarty. With 20 original pen & ink illustrations!
The premier short story collection from epic fantasist Bradley P. Beaulieu, author of The Winds of Khalakovo.
The long & short of it: I published a book, but the print quality was lacking. With your help, I can fix it, and you get a free copy in return!
Futuredaze: An Anthology of YA Science Fiction - an anthology for the next generation of readers, including teens & the young at heart.
Join Doc Wilde and his swashbuckling kids on a quest for new knowledge, incredible thrills, and good old fashioned adventure!
A candypunk middle grade novel set in a world where everything is an edible dessert & a wicked djinn controls it all.
THE ELBOWS is my first novel. This project will enable me to commission a cover artist and print copies of the book for backers.
Archipelago Books needs your support to publish a hardcover edition of MY STRUGGLE: BOOK ONE by Karl Ove Knausgaard!
A Young Adult Novel for Adults. Taking the tropes of the YA genre and turning them into a dark and hilarious book for adults.
I'm writing a detective story set halfway between San Francisco and the internet. And the more people who reserve a copy, the better each one will be!
Beloved by artists, crafters and designers alike, Crap Hound is a great resource and a work of art in and of itself. Come on pledgers, let's publish!
This project is a labor of love to bring the unique work of Henry Kuttner to a new generation of readers.
UFO2 is the 2nd annual anthology of humorous science fiction & fantasy stories.
I plan to write 12 novels in 2012. The second trilogy takes place in my Shotguns & Sorcery fantasy noir setting.
Finally, the story Walker Papers fans have been asking for--Gary Muldoon, septuganarian cab driver, tells his tale!
The Blue Wasp is a hand-published ghost story by Nash High.
In Sweet Summer, experience Aura's fight for survival, Pat's quest to find himself, and their unquenchable love for one another.
Dawson Vosburg, a young author, is publishing a fantasy novel and tying in a school Geography and English curriculum with it.
An anthology of original writing from the residents of a small Cheshire village
VVV Trilogy is a group of illustrated novellas (Violins, Violoncellos & Violas) that can be read in any order you please.
New stories by some of the most acclaimed voices in fantasy AND horror, set in the last remaining city in a world ravaged by death.
The Underground Library is a book-making and distributing community project circulating non-established words, films and music, mysteriously.
Nick Miller began posting excerpts from his novel on his blog. Based on the response, he decided to follow his dream. Help him publish.
Help us, Jersey Devil Press, make better books. And, also, more books. For you, the reader. Because you love books. And we love you.
A dieselpunk novel set in 1913, at the death of the Belle Époque and the brink of the Great War. Swords, necromancy, & mechas.
Imagine the novel, updated. We're a new literary studio creating compelling, serialized stories for the future of reading.
Indie novel about a kid struggling to become an evil overlord needs professional cover art.
Thomas Scargen must quickly acquaint himself with an ever-changing world of magic while trying to discover the truth about his father.
A genteel, conversational fantasy of society, culture... and the perversions that threaten them.
A novel about a girl who learns that all Stories are real, even the monstrous ones. With illustrations by some of comics' best artists!
Roundabout Press is looking to fund our debut novel, The Fourth of July by Kevin Dowd.
We have created a werewolf story unlike anything fans of this genre have ever witnessed. The Hunted Rogue is just beginning.
Volume Two of the ongoing surreal fantasy hobo adventure comic, FREEWHEEL, by Liz Baillie.
Wall Street Meets The Jungle Book - Can the animals of a magical valley thwart the pillaging Pirate & Cronies, Inc? Join the adventure!
Your support will transform this genre-bending science fantasy novel into a hardbound work of art.
On an alternate Earth, a griffin officer searches for his missing daughter, and uncovers a secret so terrible it could end his world.
Explore the world behind Lorenguard's music by supporting the publication of "The Days of Astasia" trilogy.
Want to listen to Matt Archer: Monster Hunter? Support the "Matt Archer Series" Audio Book Kickstarter! Join the hunt! #MA1Audio
A fantasy adventure novel about a paralyzed track runner and inventor seeking to return home after crash landing into a mythical forest
A young adult noir superhero novel by award-winning author Brendan Halpin
Creating an audiobook of my anthology, Aurora in Four Voices, which includes the Nebula Award-winning "Spacetime Pool"
Do your part to help out starving artists and help me write my second novel!

I have just finished writing my first novel, and...
Marla Mason sets out to fight monsters, armed with strange magics and accompanied by the living head of her worst enemy in a birdcage.
The first book in a wild, irreverent fantasy/horror series following the exploits of a zombie detective and his homunculus frenemy.
A thriller about designer DNA, hackers, Russian mobsters,  government bio-warfare programs, creationists, disease cowboys, gypsy trucking, and love.
A 73,134 word book, written during nap time.
A Kickstarter to fund publication of THE WARLOCK'S CURSE, Book 3 of the Veneficas Americana series by M.K. Hobson
I plan to write 12 novels in 2012. The first three of them will be based on my Brave New World dystopian superheroes RPG.
Rabbit Room Press presents the long-awaited final volume of the Christy Award-winning Wingfeather Saga
Self-publishing doesn't have to mean "unprofessional"
Help us publish the definitive history of the Great Zombie War in Iowa. 
Farmer's daughter. Nude model. Infamous socialite. Wealthy wife. Meet Alma, the unshakable heroine of this work of historical fiction.
The ongoing origin story of the world's most beloved bike mechanic and juggler adventure seeking duo, Dexter and Stray!
Same Same, a collection of short stories that chronicle the life of a Vietnamese nail salon worker.
Gamut will be a website (and eBook) with a wide range of voices—genre-bending stories utilizing the best of genre and literary fiction.
Parabolis: an illustrated fantasy novel augmented with beautiful constructivist art and a unique layout.
The sci-fi/superhero series thunders to a conclusion! With art by Marvel & DC illustrators. Includes a FREE Tabletop RPG + audio book!
In a land where dragons are outlawed, Kaena and Jarden must choose their side in a war that threatens everything they believe.
Gorgeous new editions of long out-of-print gay classics -- plus an ALL-NEW story collection updating the characters to 2014!
book as tent for a night / / hovering, quietist, and strange / / above and below a hollow earth
The story of a young man, who's mundane job at a pizza shop becomes much more when he realizes that he's actually working for the mob.
The Far Bank of the Rubicon is the first volume of a trilogy and the follow up to Erik Wecks' critically acclaimed novel Aetna Adrift.
A monthly multigenre fiction magazine. We have two goals: publishing great storytelling and fair pay for writers and artists.
Become a part of the inescapably dark world of Bloodmark, where an ancient culture of werewolves, must restore the balance of life.
This book shows the redeeming power of love as a once- beloved doll is forgotten, damaged, and a century later, found and rescued.
There are enough people publishing short-stories & poetry, we publish everything else. Help us get weird with words.
Publishing Genius 2.0 is a campaign to release five books in 2014. Groundbreaking collections of poetry, fiction – and a cookbook!
A biennial three-day marathon reading of Herman Melville's epic novel, MOBY-DICK in New York City. SECOND STRETCH GOAL $10,000
An illustrated and animated interactive application exploiting the new structures of storytelling to unfold a world full of marvels.
Bill Cotter and The Grownup Lady Story Company are hoping to go on tour this February and March to promote Bill's new novel!
This is a cosy mystery written in both Spanish and English so that we can read Spanish without losing the plot.
This is novel explores the personal journey of young people who believe in sustainability, urban farming, and a more conscious life.
Help us rescue unique, out-of-print adventure stories from copyright limbo and make them available online and as e-books!
We publish cutting-edge flash fiction, and we need a web site that shows it off. Help bring our online presence into the next decade!
A fast-paced, mystery thriller about a man living a double life. The story begins the same way it ends--only different...
$310 ransoms out 3100 words of face-punching, badge-waving, morals-corrupting hardboiled fiction, for everyone, for all time.
An illustrated science fiction novel of action and adventure that spans the history of the universe.
Saving rare, forgotten, out-of-print vintage science fiction for the digital future, one e-book at a time!
Galvanize a collaborative anthology of cyberfiction & music into something faster, stronger, awesomer. Includes some authors you’ve probably heard of!
Short tales that deftly weave together the majesty of mythology and the inanity of modern life.
Sherlock Holmes vs. Captain Nemo in an enhanced, interactive iPad adventure book set in a steampunk universe.
A science fiction thriller about the end of our world and the beginning of a completely new one.
On the seas of an ocean that spans many worlds, a girl raised by uncaring aliens seeks bloody revenge...
Stories told in words and pictures: narrative art, new writing and photo reportage that blends fact and fiction. 
The sequel to the bestselling epic fantasy series The Ronin Saga.
Alan is a book about the world's first artificially intelligent program and learning where that program fits in among the world.
Martian Goods & Other Stories by sci-fi author Noelle Campbell is a collection of short stories all set on a future colonized Mars.
'Arisen' portrays the Children of the Old Way, their journey, destiny, and abilities in a world that no longer believes magic exists.
The unemployed dung beetle usually just moved crap around. But one day he went a little mad. A novel about our times.
Help me publish MOLECRICKET, the story of a young boy, a plagued farm, a devout family, and a terrible secret.
A novel about comic books, nostalgia, and the nature of reality. Illustrated by eight standout artists!
A collection of stories, music and visual art inspired by the day of the dead.
Billy Gilardi has a school year to save his neighborhood from gangsters from another dimension. Welcome to Normal Avenue.
What would you do if you became the most famous person in the world overnight? Embrace it or run like hell?
William Dewey's third novel is the first major publication for maybeparade press.  We are seeking funding for printing and promotions.
"You Are Not Allowed To Come Back After" is a story collection about trying to hold on to things that are wildly out of your control.
I've written a comic memoir about my adventures in American yoga culture. It comes out in August 2010. And now I want to train to be a yoga teacher. 
In a dystopian future, Aloy must lead a people while facing intrigue, assassination, and love, all while masquerading as a man.
When a vile spirit awakens in the underworld, only sorcerer (and part-time death god) Marla Mason can save the world from devastation.
A vintage-styled Pulp Magazine featuring short stories, art, ads and more!
Hardcover reprint of an award-winning collection of 26 short stories of occult, metaphysical, and fantastical horror.
An outcast rogue must break a curse on his fate, or die by his next birthday. A tale of magic, mischief, and the triumph of tricksters.
Shuffle, cut, play, read. A story about a haunted family, published as a poker deck and written to be read an infinite* number of ways.
An independently produced fantasy novel, featuring badass female main characters, inspired by feudal Japanese samurai culture
Texas. 1870. The small, dusty mining town of Affliction has been overrun by vampires... An interactive novel where YOU tell the story.
The definitive guide to celebrating the world's most cosmically horrific holiday.
The dragons are revolting and the magic is gone! Being queen is complicated.
Marc Miller has crafted his vision of the Traveller universe: a novel showing the grand sweep of the vast empire of the far future.
A collection of jazz era cosmic horror short stories featuring immigrant, minority, female, LGBT, and other outsider protagonists.
Make the highly rated fantasy/science-fiction Golden Threads Trilogy beginning into professional hardback & pocket paperback editions.
The premium edition of Orrin Grey's "Never Bet the Devil & Other Warnings." Horror for fans of Lovecraft, Mike Mignola, & Clive Barker.
Dodo Ink is a new indie publisher of daring, difficult fiction. Back us and help us publish the hell out of our first 3 books in 2016.
Legendary science fiction authors and the makers of Takamo Universe have joined forces to transform the game universe into written word
Science fiction, fantasy, mystery, contemporary and steampunk thrillers under one cover.  Good books for the price of a beer!
La Peuplade crée la collection Fictions du Nord, qui proposera des traductions françaises de romans nordiques fascinants.
We all have an Alphabet of Dating......what does YOUR alphabet look like?
A classic fairytale about an adopted princess, a kingdom of masked souls, and the search for deep joy and true beauty.
Evoking the illustrated chapbooks of the 17th Century, The Arte Mephitic is a dark tale of the Lovecraftian Mythos, told in verse.
On the Edges of Vision comes out on 18th August. Help Helen McClory take these 40 wild strange tales round America!
James Macaluso's twelve stunning adaptations of Sherlock Holmes adventures using Lego figures combined in this beautiful book.
Starhawk's newest epic answers the timely question: how do we build a new world when people are broken by the old? Get your copy now!
This is the second in an science fiction/fantasy anthology series to celebrate more works loved by Hugo Award voters.
From the suburbs of Oregon to the backside of Texas. A story of suffering and redemption. Of hate, love, and the scalding light of joy.
I'm raising funds to write and publish Closing Doors, the tenth and final novel in my Marla Mason urban fantasy series.
Human...Goddess...Savior...Wanderer. Kara O'Keefe has fufilled her legacy. Now her legend builds. Follow the magic. #EternalWanderings.
As monsters follow the boys home from WW2, Rosie learns she can redeem a damned soul--but will she lose her own in the process?
A project to produce the Romulan War series of novels and a supplemental manual to the original Four Years War campaign.
A collection of literature and art that shatters boundaries and challenges conventions. Our mission? To #PublishWeird.
A unique project that combines the horror fiction and sculptures of Anthony J. Rapino, creator of the mythic town, Moon Hill.
The Ripped Bodice will be the only exclusively romance bookstore in the United States, opening Spring 2016 in Los Angeles CA.
Help publish the novel Small Beauty, by jia qing wilson-yang, about a mixed-race trans woman working through grief in a small town.
Rock Paper Books is republishing Shakespeare's classics with re-imagined cover art by Robert Ball.
Strange Monsters is a CD project of original short fiction and poetry read by actors and set to original music.
Hear the mythic and mysterious, yet uniquely dystopian, world of The First brought to life in a beautifully narrated audiobook
A technothriller in the Michael Crichton vein. Terrorists attempting an attack bigger than 9/11.
The fourth annual SFFWorld.com anthology features 14 stories of environmental conflict by established and upcoming spec-fic authors!
Writer and award-winning director Nicholas Sailer is writing a short story every day for 365 days, throughout the entire year of 2014.
A styled ride in NYC through religion & atheism, poetry & intimacy, baseball & music, comedy, surrealism, & minor traffic violations.
Help Arachne Press to create a regular live literature event, four books of short stories and poetry, and a book tour
Estelle lives in a city of light, but dreams of the dark and seeing the stars. Armed with a bulldozer she attempts to change her world.
Frankenstein's Monster learned to read from Volney's "The Ruins", and I've created the first audiobook of it ever!
The true story of the pilot who led the attack on Pearl Harbor, whose life was changed by a prisoner and by a girl he never met.
The sequel you've waited 119 years for is finally here.
The third and final part of the Most Majelicus trilogy - but will Matlock the Hare find all the answers...?
Join the gryfon pride and help fund a hardback print run of the third volume of the epic Summer King Chronicles!
Their first mission was a vampire hunt that went wrong. This time there is a fae-war brewing, and humanity is stuck in the middle.
Two rival chefs battle it out on TV on what should be the most important day of their lives. But one phone call will change all that.
A picture book about neurodiversity (and everyday struggle trying to survive in the neurotypical world)
A modern tale of buried treasure, centered around the Chinese stranglehold on the global supply of rare earth. Action thriller!
En episk rymdroman om längtan och förnekelse. De stora bokförlagen vågar inte ge ut svensk science fiction, så nu gör vi det utan dem.
Become part of a brand new journey through a familiar world. Five fantasy novels and 24 short stories headline Tellest's second volume.
Giving voice to Waubgeshig Rice's raw, emotional portrait of modern Aboriginal life through the world of audiobooks
In a humble Dutch family life takes a sudden turn when one of the women goes out into the world....and never comes back.
Exciting new epic quest novels across dystopic lands and alternate dimensions with dragons and unicorns and rogue biker gangs. $1 level
Support World Conflicts Book 1! Help me unleash a fresh fantasy universe where the use of supernatural powers is ordinary.
YIA is a coming-of-age novel primarily set in Orange County, CA with scenes in NYC & Saigon/HCMC. Follow Fish as he recounts his life.
Book Bath Box is a quarterly themed subscription box inspired by a love of bathtime reading.
Unique fantasy novel: wizards, dragons, magic, and the connections that define us [ vegan gender equalist female heroine indie LGBTQ ]
Translation into English of a bestselling novel by Sergei Loiko inspired by true events of 2014 siege of Donetsk airport in Ukraine.
The original film starring Kevin Sorbo and Melanie Stone is now a novel with new and extended scenes to enhance the film experience.
“Toilet Material” is a paperback book with 40 very hilarious and very short stories – perfect for your very short attention span.
A fantastic reality book with short stories based on dreams, rewritten over a decade, and with precious art by Erik Mariñelarena.
12 Kids discover their special talents and begin a journey of transformation to become Super Astro Heroes
Dream Police is the sequel to The Mission of the Sacred Heart. Zak and Lenny try to lucid dream their way to a better place and time.
Airboy, Black Bat, the Gunmaster & Tabu re-created for fans new and old by some of the best writers of today!
I'll be publishing not one, but TWO sequels to my humorous fantasy novel, Disenchanted: Disillusioned and Distopia.
I founded elephantjournal.com. Now I've written my 1st book. Next, let's create an indie book company that pays writers right.
8 tales blending magic, mystery, advanced technology, exploration, superheroes & horror, set within the vast, blended-genre Cosmoverse.
The second novel in the best-selling Anna's Nightmare series set near Kansas City. A classic paranormal ghost thriller for Halloween.
Help create a big, beautiful paperback edition of the 2014-2016 chapters of this award-winning web serial.
Fetish erotica from Selena Kitt, Lucy A. Snyder, Gemma Files, Molly Tanzer, Cassie Alexander, Tim Waggoner, Steve Berman & more
A gamma ray burst starts civilization crumbling, and a twelve year old girl must embrace her inner darkness to survive.
The conclusion to the Shattered Sigil trilogy - a tale of blood magic, spies, and wilderness adventure.
Help launch SUCKERS. The cover's paid for, funds for editing & other production costs have been set aside. So where you come in is...
1st in a series of 9
Historic fantasy set in Iron Age Europe, Celts -V- Rome
A coming of age quest
HarryPotter/GameofThrones/Merlin
Help us preserve the future of the Great American Novel and end the emergence of novellas—pocket-sized works of "literary fiction."
Kingdoms and Curses is a heroic fantasy book turned on its head where fate jests with those who seek to control their fortunes.
A science fiction book kit. Traditional paper, digital and audio book. NOW microcontroller compatible. Alien music included.
An Epic Queer Fantasy novel featuring Trans / Non-Binary heroes in a world of mixing classical fantasy with Polynesian mythology.
A mix of superhero comics and humor, In a Galaxy Far, Far Awry is a comedy/sci-fi novella written to give the future the stink eye.
Set shortly after the conclusion of the civil war, this novella recounts the story of an isolated family under attack.
Sarah Gerard’s debut novel BINARY STAR is out January 13th! Help her go on tour!
Daphne gives up her life in London to spend 100 days writing, alone, on a remote Greek island. Stupid or inspired? You decide.
Getting <2017: A Supernatural Destiel/Sabriel Fanfic> to print.
Dive into a novel with illustrations about the connections we make. In a surreal journey, a woman seeks adventure and finds her soul.
A novel that tells the story of a young girl whose enviable life takes a dark turn as she is bullied ruthlessly in school.
Join us on a family-friendly, young reader book series, The Books of the Gardener, with a new tale of invention, adventure, & airships!
First printing of my debut novel as an analogue, in-hand, dead tree, physical, paper book. Transgressive fiction / satire / porn.
One man adopts a rescue dog and stands on the brink of losing everything. A humorous tale of love, loss, perseverance, and commitment.
This campaign is to fund the electronic publication of my first novel, a fantasy novel titled The Ramparts of Tharrenton Deep
An anthology of illustrated spooky tales for lovers of Goosebumps and Scary Stories to Tell in Dark
A new short story collection from Bradley P. Beaulieu, the critically acclaimed author of Twelve Kings in Sharakhai.
A dystopian tale of corporate coffee, consumerism, & crow bars. An alternate future made possible by the people behind "Freedom Fries."
I'm writing a novel, and have been accepted into the Gullkistan Residency to work on it for a month. Please help me get to Iceland!
Return to the pirate airship Dawnhawk, as it soars toward the calamitous end!
A historical fiction novel about 2 brothers divided by the sea who have to cope with the pressure of corruption, traitors and religion.
Remember the Worlds of Power books? I'm making a parody book in that style but all about Dark Souls.
Your guide to interpreting and understanding fairy tales and the magical creatures that dwell within them.
Fiction River Anthology Series started with Kickstarter two years ago. Now, we are hoping for your help to keep Fiction River going.
A science fiction journey beyond the boundaries of charted space, filled with discovery and danger in a time of galactic upheaval.
Join the Gryfon Pride! Help launch the epic conclusion to the Summer King Chronicles.
Take a wild ride with great writers like Warren Ellis, Richard Kadrey, Chuck Wendig, Seanan McGuire and more. Support fair trade.
English readers are eager to read Swedish author Ingrid Rudefors’s first novel…let’s get it translated!
Softcover, 300-copy run of a collection of short stories, essays, and poetry. Twice as good/half as pretentious as it sounds.
Hard science anticipation screenplay about the proliferation of robotics and cybernetics
Destiny Aurora is the story of an eclectic, dysfunctional crew of an intergalactic police ship, whose captain is completely unorthodox.
Help bring back into print this woefully neglected, linguistically playful dark comedy of Bohemian life in 1960s New York City.
In a near future, a small team is mining the moon... / Dans un futur proche, une petite équipe mine la Lune...
Book's gist: Frozen in the Arctic for decades, Huck Finn gets thawed out & his unique personality is unleashed upon the 21st century.
Absolute Knowledge is the first novel of a Science Fiction trilogy set in a dark, futuristic New York City. Every thought has value.
An anthology of fantasy stories told by or about bards, with a recipe  from the Black Dragon Inn for each tale.
A romantic comedy chronicling the life and loves of a female British Policewoman on the beat, set in the Heritage City of Bath, UK.
Steampunk technology has brought US Marshal Robert "Bodacious" Creed back from the dead, and justice returns to the Wild West.
Creating a serialized podcast of my novel Ovid's Flea.  A way to create & engage with an audience, and attract a publisher.
I want to share my book with the world. A Sci-Fi story about a young adult from an alternative society on an incredible life journey.
A modern fantasy adventure novel that contributes to the culture of reading, and inspires classic creativity in growing readers.
Do you ever root for the bad guy? Villain is the tale a young man destined to destroy the world and the villains in his own life.
Barbadum Books will start with my titles, and expand to the works of others. Barbadum is Latin for Bearded so let's see how it grows.
The short story collection fans have been demanding: tales from the Xenowealth. All related to the loved universe in the novels.
Help publish my new book about a young woman who can't quite get over the death of her fiance - because he's still hanging around!
Have you ever wished you could get a hardcover version of the Mageborn series, or even better, that it was signed?  Now's your chance!
A fully illustrated guidebook (~150pp) to 35 notable cryptozoological creatures of the Magimundi, the North American magical universe.
You only THINK you know what happened at Waterloo. 

The real story involved more monsters. And a lot more time travel.
A signed, personalized copy of the demon-filled new novel that closes the trilogy begun in the Bram Stoker Award-winning COVENANT.
How to train your rider - the adventures of a dragonrider who's afraid of heights. Join the Dragon Academy and find your wings!
The first in its fantasy trilogy, Fatespinner! A story about finding identity, forging your destiny, and throwing a fireball or two!
Nine wild, weird and wondrous stories written together by cyberpunk masters Rudy Rucker and Bruce Sterling over thirty years.
We were told we could be anything we wanted. We were told to follow our dreams, and the money would follow.  So what happened?
Är du trött på stereotypa kärlekshistorier? Queerlequin är den kiosklitterära bokserien med normbrytande karaktärer och relationer.
An innovative print and digital book of short stories written, edited, and designed by trans women of color.
Science fiction of the near-future, today.
In which story gamers from Seattle discover a magic iPhone. If Douglas Adams wrote Jane Austen, you'd have CRACKED!
The first book in the epic Lycan War Saga, The Awakening, tracks four individuals as they are thrust into an ancient war between Druids
18 tales of horror by Ramsey Campbell, Kaaron Warren, Paul Kane and more, interwoven with themes inspired by Lovecraft and Clive Barker
Empyreome is a quarterly online magazine dedicated to publishing high quality science fiction, fantasy, and other speculative fiction.
“Condensed to Flash: World Classics,” an anthology for people who love concise writing that is intense, entertaining and educational.
Bitten by radioactive lightning, a sexy duke becomes Lightning Lord, destined to fight evil buildings in this silly steampunk spoof
New science fiction and fantasy novels from Michael A. Stackpole, Kelly Swails, Stuart Jaffe, and Ginger Breo.
Netflix meets Amazon Kindle. Collaborative sci-fi/fantasy storyworlds in serial. Get sucked into the future of digital storytelling.
An adventure comedy novel following a girl's journey through the zombie apocalypse while dating a vampire.
Help bring to light this little-known, funny first play written by Beat Generation poet Gregory Corso in 1954.
A hard hitting coming-of-age story set in the mountains north of Helena, Montana during the 1960's.
JJ Sherwood's unabridged audiobook production of Kings or Pawns - Bringing the High Fantasy Epic to life.
Hand-bound copies of a collection of ghost stories, and a notebook option and special collectors item option!
An adventure based on the true story of Gabriel de Clieu who brought coffee to the Americas in 1723.
The Tony Mandolin Mysteries, the best supernatural PI series on the planet.
More than sixty of the world's leading Sherlock Holmes writers coming together for the largest collection of new Holmes stories ever.
When legends turn out to be real, you might find they're not what you expect.
TIME + LOVE = ? In my new collection of short stories and essays, each piece begins with an idea about time & an idea about love, then follows them.
Badfish is a town that has everything...and that's the problem.
An anthology of up to 15 short sci-fi stories set in the official Elite universe and released in digital format (& maybe even printed!)
An epic fantasy novel that follows our protagonists, Ethan & Miranda, on a journey to escape their perilous & wondrous dreams.
Prikkelend boek over een schijnbaar normale man die zich verliest in de verslavingen van het leven.
Do you love fiction with a Christian worldview? Show your support by funding Counted Worthy, a novel about the persecuted church.
Help fund the publication costs and convention fees for T.H. Paul's first novel in the fantasy series The Legacy Chronicle!
A story about a love for love and for the love of music.
Zalem, Mass. is a family story of survival during  a Zombie Apocalypse set in Salem, Mass. Funding is for publication costs.
The first book from Arcane Inkdustries, a series of illustrated short stories about death, magic, and life after the end of the world.
THE PRIDE is the story of an ancient race of Dragons unaware of their origins and their connection to a young man in modern Los Angeles
A picaresque novel in the grand tradition of Tom Jones and Candide, following the adventures of a young woman through the 60s and 70s.
I've written a satirical novel that explores the absurdities of our entertainment-obsessed culture.
A young wizardess embarks on a journey of self discovery. She may not survive it.
She’s the wife of Archangel Michael and the daughter of Lilith, but who is she? And can she restore balance to the world? - #paranormal
RAGNAROK: The Novel Series was inspired by the legends of Norse mythology and begins its epic fantasy tale when Odin is only 20yrs old!
A story of passion, conflict and love, set in the vivid Dreamkeepers universe. Are you brave enough to discover your world?
Suqata, last of the Chinequewa, gifted with a voice of power, must face otherworldly wolf packs and forgotten gods to save all he knows
IT’S NOT THE END OF THE WORLD is a collection of songs and it is a novel. They go together. They are meant for each other.
Nothing ever happens in Ohio. Nothing good anyway. But the Big Bad Stuff? Happens. Every. Day. Tear out the Dark Heart of It All.
[ENG] The printed collection of Butterflies: Tales! - [ITA] La raccolta illustrata dei racconti di Butterflies: Tales!
I'll be expanding the universe of my comedic space opera Starship Grifters with a sequel, a short story, and a novella.
Campaign to get the four novels in the series professionally edited.
The Lord of Westerlands and his blind Song-Sayer face death and destruction in a race against time to save their lands
A Suspense Romance novel with love, intrigue, and adventure. Hidden Identities promises to be the first in a trilogy.
Release a 5300 word crime story on the web, for everyone, in perpetuity.
WORLD ON FIRE: Jameson Dodge will go 30 years into the past and do anything to keep the allies from losing World War II (again).
An untold story of three generations of Vietnamese women through spans of time, across three continents, and crossing cultural borders.
Lit-CUBE is the only subscription box of its kind, filled with ONE-TWO books & other hand-picked literary products for bibliophiles!
The second book in a series! A story of Adventure, Piracy, and Steampunk!
A high schooler journals her survival during a disaster in this fast-paced, action-packed novel. Rewards start at $3 for the eBook!
A romantic mystery adventure novel exploring the nature of time, war...and love.
A tale of dark fantasy by Lovecraftian author M. Amanuensis Sharkchild (in imitation leather hardcover, scored audiobook, and ebook).
When a passenger attacks a fellow airport security officer, Gavin McKnight faces a tough choice: follow policy or defend his coworker.
"Larry" is a free-wheeling sci-fi novel with time travel and jokes. It's ready to be a paperback. I want to print at least 100 copies.
Continuing the historical flash-fictional Threads series, Threads II spans The 20th Century's War with emotionally truthful stories.
A book that will give you a unique perspective of another world where people possess extraordinary abilities.
We're publishing a sexy contemporary fantasy novel
Multi-award winning graphic novelist Petr Kopl's fourth Conan Doyle epic 'The Lost World' full of incredible art and action.
Join our community of Lost Poets and help us publish the first installment of this epic allegory.
Twins of Prey 3 ~ Ascension is the final novel in Author W.C. Hoffman's Twins of Prey Trilogy. 
All backers receive the entire series.
Dr. Karl is a brilliant, cynical therapist entangled in his patients murderous proclivities, and wants to kill his wife with a hammer.
Promoting literacy using my time travel novels.
I have earned a place in the Writer's Hotel Conference! Read an excerpt from my novel below. And you decide if it's worth a donation.
Author and podcaster Douglas Lain to tour US with his novel about May 1968 ("Billy Moon," Tor Books) and an idea of "the impossible."
The Inheritor, Book 6 of the Marketplace brings an epic erotic saga back to life in a new age!
Classic planetary romance/sword & blaster adventure on a world lost in the black void -- the forgotten prison of a forgotten empire.
Set in a world where Baum's novels were very close to true, Polychrome takes their spirit... and lets it grow up, just a little.
Lost Days of the Pinta is a completed novel awaiting formatting and publication.  Discover the 500 year-old mystery awaiting you.
Long Ago, in a Galaxy Not Far Away, my story begins here on earth in a place called Skywalker Ranch.
A story about the pursuit of satisfaction, forgiveness, and the sins of the church.
This is the story of one of the most forgotten creatures to roam our very planet; the shadow.
A story about traversing addiction every step of the way, from start to finish, from holding cell to rehab and everything in between.
Broken by an unorthodox childhood, the Mathers sisters grapple with love, loss, and reconciliation in the novel, Parting Gifts.
Daron's Guitar Chronicles tells the tale of a young guitarist in the 1980s coming out and coming of age while chasing fame.
Ghosts in the attic. A lurching zombie horde. Demons in love. These creatures and more in this short story collection.
To fund the professional editing, printing, and distribution of Marta's Pod, the second book in the Pod series.
Get ready for another epic adventure as we follow Hunter, Elly and their friends through another monster-filled journey!
Four spacefarers embark on a journey of survival and self discovery when a routine operation proves anything but routine.
A la découverte de mondes lointains, via les Carnets de voyage de l'Ambassadeur Broderick et le collectage de musiques extraterrestres.
Divorce hurts. Recovery takes time. Healing happens. Remarrying takes courage. Life goes on when you decide it's time to do the same.
An 18-year-old girl named Nicolette Talloway is the target of a worldwide manhunt because of her blood type. Help make this a book.
The hilarious tale of the Baron Pan Bordolo's stay in Adleship Isle--a new novel and soon-to-be audiobook
Saving the world isn't easy when your only powers are super-speed and looking good in Spandex. But someone's gotta do it.
Two sisters form a cult of vampire children to kill all the adults. From the minds of Stephen Mark Rainey and Mat and Myron Smith.
"In the Town of Lasting, summer is a time to enjoy. Then Dale Hawks arrived. He has it all: good looks, great body and a killer smile."
Archibald is an ostrich.  If you're not careful, he will make a mess, especially when there is vodka involved.
After a virus has ripped across the earth, a boy must escape the clutches of his parents' killers and the jaws of a vicious predator.
Readers made my last novel, Someone Else's Fairytale, a solid success. Help me get a Kirkus Indie review for my next project.
NYV: PUNK an original coming of age story of adventure, music, romance and bloodthirsty vampires in the 1980s NYC Punk scene (UF / NA)
Horses, desert, magic: A modern woman in the Arizona desert discovers an ancient secret and is drawn into in an old, old battle.
This is the second volume of short stories, featuring previously published titles and at least one all new Vampire Files story!
"Kill the prophecy, save history." You can help fund an editor for my new fantasy novel where "Game of Thrones" meets "12 Monkeys."
I'm going to spend a month on the road in the mindset of someone with schizophrenia while I finish the final draft of my book
A unique fantasy from the dragon's point of view. It mingles magic, love, loss, and war in a dragon's attempt to reclaim his own.
When Feena's father is murdered, she has to save the virtual reality he created and find his killer before the killer finds her.
Shadow Song is a novel that I have started writing for National Novel Writing Month. I intend to get it published afterwards.
An anthology of awesome speculative novellas from excellent Australian writers to mark Ticonderoga's 20th year in publishing.
Teen Book: psychic sleuth overcomes many losses and hardships to solve mysteries and make a difference in the lives of others.
Three fictional stories written in French, now translated to English, with original artwork. 
I write and Annie, my wife, illustrates.
My tedious corporate job inspired me to write this novel, so that's what I did. Now I'm on Amazon. With your help I'll be a bestseller!
I've been writing stories since I was young, but this is the first one that I think is worth telling. I need your support to do that.
They said they would cure her allergies. They Lied.
Every kid dreams of having super powers, except Wendy.
She can give them.
The exciting second book of the Milany Series, following the Blessed Ones journey as they try to distinguish friend from foe.
A mystery adventure novel exploring exciting and interesting aspects of numbers and mathematics.
A top player is wrongfully accused as an accomplice in a murder, and must overcome all odds to achieve his dream of playing pro ball.
Two cousins decided to co-author a fantasy novel, thinking it'd be cool if a pirate was also the most powerful hydromage alive. Thusly.
A collection of hilarious science fiction & fantasy stories from some of today's best speculative writers.
My project: Publish my first novel, titled 'Out of My Body Flowers Will Grow.' It is the story of a town full of suicide survivors.
PSYCHONAUT is a hypnotic psychological thriller about a few lost souls who join a secretive cult promising enlightenment
Young adventurers struggle to find their place in a hostile world while confronting forces they don't understand.
This sailpunk adventure, The Agility of Clouds, is Jane Austen meets James Bond, but the improbable airship needs your help to launch.
An epic new fiction novel based on the fantasy world of the Blade Raiders tabletop roleplaying game.
Here's a rare chance for you to assist in the creation of a novel. You provide a sentence, name, or even a character. I do the rest.
Get a very rare hard cover edition of Firbolg Publishing's Enter at Your Own Risk: The End is the Beginning! Only 25 in print!
I've written a 5000 word horror story. If I get $400, everyone on the internet gets to read it.
"Shard of Iron" is a science fiction novel about a team of people who must battle an alien empire lead by three powerful dragons.
A young boy discovers a relic of a lost technology that changes his life and his world forever.
"A compelling examination of love, loss and family ties... complex, amibitious and clever." Charlie Lee-Potter
Receiver of Many has already attracted thousands of devoted readers.  Now its time to make this a reality and get it published!
Help publish the first two books of a modern fantasy series full of adventure, snarky humor, and magic. Oh yeah, and a talking cat.
Twisted YA Fairy Tales! Meet the 8th dwarf Creepy & a teen princess who hires "The Frog Prince" witch to get revenge on a Mean Girl.
I host a show where I make fun of romantic novels. I want to put my money where my mouth is by writing and self-publishing my own.
As the world of Gaia is plagued with strange occurrences akin to those of centuries past, a grieving princess is called to arms.
99 Signs You Are Not in the 1% takes a funny look at life for those of us who don't have private jets.
A Professional Magazine of Science Fiction and Fantasy Literature
An arachnologist gets more than he bargained for when investigating a new horrific species of spider in this Australian horror/thriller
Discover what's next for technomage Cat Sharp and her strange world of trickster gods and intrigue.
A new action/adventure, modern fantasy series is developed but needs your help! Be a part of the adventure by funding the editing.
Let's translate BREATH OF FIRE, a fantasy YA book series in which twins are not allowed to live. Please share with friends and family !
A novel about men and women, love and loss, regaining passion and, of course, the tango.
Assault Rifles & Pedophiles: An American Love Story is the third novel by Brian Krans, a former retail slave turned journalist.
Set in Manhattan's interconnected skate, art and nightlife scenes #notbo is a late-coming-of-age story that deserves a proper release.
I am conducting research for a novel set in Ireland. The draft is complete, but needs more detail to make the story come alive.
Imagine an adventure set in modern times but in a world closer to Asgard than ours. Action, fantasy, darkness and a mysterious family.
On the eve of rock concert, a teenaged fan disappears, leaving a dead body. Cops link the murder to a kidnapper and a televangelist.
The Blind Dragon is a fantasy novel set in the Kingdom of Remain.
UPGRADED: an original science fiction anthology for the cyborg age.  Edited by a cyborg. Stronger. Better. Faster. We will rebuild you.
An ethereal illustrated tale about a girl and boy from different worlds who become friends and embark on a journey of discovery.
Bacteria runs amok. Government responds. Touch forbidden. Sterilizers and Enforcers struggle to keep the Homeland safe.
Contribute as little as $1 and get your very own, 100% customized 30,000 word romance novel!
SLIES is a historically based novel. It is the story of an American girl who goes to war-torn El Salvador hoping to help war victims.
Get an early price break on a collection of short stories, mostly terrifying.
Alfred A. Meyer's short stories and literary nonfiction (from 1964-1987) about race and class, childhood and cruelty, art and baseball.
Help publish The Chronicles of Aurion by generating funds to cover professional cover design, ISBN, and other publishing expenses!
Cake In Bed is a sexy, inspiring novel about a woman who discovers herself through misadventures and finds love in an unexpected place.
A new novel/commentary about the fall and rise of marriage in the Technological Age. Based on the Song of Solomon.
Action-fantasy novel written LIVE online over the 16 days of the Summer Games, influenced by backer input and the competition in Rio.
A science fiction short novel inspired by the masterpieces of Isaac Asimov and Star Trek. Available both printed and digitally.
In 4th century Roman occupied Britain, a young girl, kidnapped into slavery from her Celtic tribe, makes an epic journey home.
For Roxy Hayes, growing wings does not set her free.  They are heavy and come only at the cost of her humanity.
When government monitors every e-mail and phone call, what happens at the logical endpoint? The novel Death of Secrets tells the story.
Strong heroine Kiellen risks death for the ecstasy of biomechanical flight. Will love overcome betrayal in the fight to save the world?
Help publish my debut novel The Changing of the Sun, the first in a science fiction trilogy set on an alien world.
The Book of Starry Wisdom: A new premium hardcover printing of  Apocrypha from H.P. Lovecraft's Living Cult of Cthulhu.
It is 2066. After untold decades of exporting millions of the best jobs overseas, corporate welfare to the tune of trillions, and the u
Intriguing modern thriller rooted in Exeter history but with a twist. Romance, murder, fantasy, danger. And who (or what) is Marcus?
The Luna Cult Chronicles is a completed science fiction trilogy.  I'm seeking to upgrade my book covers.
A novel about two Occupy-ers who meet in Cuba their 1% arch-enemies and lose their inhibitions with dramatic consequences.
The story of a girl who longs for more then her world offers. Can who Cassie is in her dreams become true in reality?
This project will help fund a 3-month, part-time writing "residency" where I will work on a current novel, essays, and short stories.
"Six Wings" is written, released and finished. Now Pyxis Publishing needs your help to get it to the masses and give 'em spooky swoons.
A sea story.  The original 1973 text is the nougat core, then a layer of exaggeration and a coating of pure fabrication... with nuts.
A mind-bending dystopian science fiction that merges the metaphysical speculation of PK Dick with the good clean fun of Amish bromance.
Ashtadukht is a star-reckoner. The worst there's ever been — Witness her treacherous journey through Iranian legends & ancient history.
A story of protest and love in the wake of the economic crisis of Spain.
Our steampunk collective, the Citizens of Antiford, are launching our first book: a collection of six amazing adventures!
The conclusion to Griffin Ranger! Against impossible odds, the griffins fight for their lives... and their very world.
In the court of the Peacock King, magic is as real as you can write it, and weapons have souls (and opinions).
I wrote a book! I can't wait to share it with the world. Help me get it published by pre-ordering your copy!
Your chance to help launch my fourth novel and to receive a range of limited edition rewards plus, of course, a signed copy of the book
The thrilling human hibernation sci-fi series is making the leap from eBooks to print.
A writer attempts to transform his stories and reflections from the year his dad is dying into a vision for a new creative residency.
T.J. Vensarn, author of Society Dawning, is back with the next exciting book in the Sovereign Magi Society trilogy!
We all have a story. I will write yours for you.
An original book from the twisted mind that brought you Your Daily Dose Of Fear. 30 bone chilling short stories. Don't read before bed!
Vacationing on the Big Island, Ben Chase must overcome his insecurities to survive and defend his friends during a zombie outbreak.
This isn’t about the gameplay or the graphics; this is about the story. A new novel, for a new Elite.
A collection of short fiction chronicling an American teenager's journey as a soldier in the Israel Defense Forces.
Join the crew of the Phoenix as they embark on a lone journey to save the earth from a technological collapse.
Matt Madigan's newest novel VIDEO STORE is the pure black residue from works like Taxi Driver and Videodrome. For adults only.
The big day's coming: Echoes is nearing mass-market release! As a contributor, you'll be a valued part of its history, and of our team.
What if it were true? The stories, the heroics, the villains. They weren’t just legends or happily ever afters. They were warnings.
Novelization of the hit holiday comedy MAKE THE YULETIDE GAY by the film's writer/director Rob Williams. Limited edition cover!
Love fiction? This is the second collaborative short story collection of original works by our award winning authors.
A new book I have written about a pair of twins, in utero, debating the existence of their mother.  It teaches theology through story.
With more short stories containing chills, thrills and donut reincarnation, Filmic Cuts returns with YOUR help...
12 (or more) short stories to be published monthly on my website and then gathered into a book.
Nine realms on Yggdrasil.  Nine Valkyries riding the storm.  One story that begins here.
The Shkode fantasy series: dragons, wizards, magic, and the connections that define us. [ vegan gender feminist equalist LGBT LGBTQ ]
Preorder campaign for the first book in my brand-new trilogy, The Island! Get an early copy and lots of great swag...
A collection of five novellas and a dozen short stories are only the tip of the iceberg for Tellest in 2014.
When aliens reach Earth, they encounter the clockwork mechanisms and Victorian sensibilities of a full-blown steampunk civilization.
A weird western story of an Orc demon hunter who comes to the aid of a Wasteland mining town besieged by a demon.
A contemporary fantasy spanning multiple worlds, following three characters that struggle for truth, freedom and survival.
He was born a painting. She gives objects life. The fridge won't shut up. And tiny Aussie animals with wings are potentially evil...
A young woman born in a dark age becomes part of a fight for a new Renaissance. (Renaissance Army Series: Book 1)
Thule: Lucifers Manifest is a dispicably funny, satirical sci-fi thriller for adults. Think you know this world? You dont know shit.
Working on self-publishing my first novel "The Human Café," trying to generate as much attention and support as possible!
A story filled with Action and Adventure, set in an unending Victorian era! There's Murder, Mystery, Malice...and cake.
While a festival and tournament is being held to determine Queen Arianna's Champion, war looms on the horizon and treachery abounds
The first novel in Anna and Jed’s Nightmare Series. A classic paranormal fantasy set in and around Kansas City.
Put your f***ing phone away and help us make this awesome storybook for adults a reality!
A book about two people's lives that are changed by the way that we love and lose and live.
The plight of one woman changes the course of countless lives in this historical YA fantasy fiction novel.
Adventures of a young Rabbit in Upper Ontario, Canada. You'll rejoice in Rabbit Stu's story and want even more.
Help an ambitious college-bound eighteen year old from Du Page, IL publish the truest novel an eighteen year old could write.
I hope that Isolation Junction will raise awareness of domestic abuse and empower women in abusive relationships to seek help.
In 2011 I started on the journey of writing my first full length novel. Now I want to publish it for you all to read and enjoy.
A new Hidden Things audiobook. Available on as many platforms as possible, and airing as a DRM-free podcast in early 2014.
The dystopian sci-fi novella, Moby V, explores the bloody consequences of inequality and revenge on a generational space ship.
What happens when a regular girl risks being loved?  A messy, but real love story that challenges the adage, "Love knows no barriers."
A novel of murder, madness, and revenge told in reverse.
The story of an immigrant who does more than just survive--she thrives.  By the best-selling author of EDDIE'S BASTARD.
3 JOURNEYS. 2 WOMEN.1 ENEMY. ZERO SECOND CHANCES. 
Adult Fiction Romance/Thriller - Mafia/Crime. 
Debut Author - Publish or perish!
A teenage girl and her sister fight back at the pimp who forces them into sex trafficking in a small American town.
Please help me publish a powerful work of literary fiction.
You can still get your first edition copy by going here: http://www.paulhock.com/author/store.html
Back the publication of the epic 3rd book for a blended high fantasy and hard science fiction trilogy.
Steampunk Adventure & Alternate History collide in book 3 of the Steam Empire Chronicles - Mongols, Airships, Assassinations and Romans
Debut novel set on an outback sheep station full of windmills, wit, wisdom, backpackers, bulldozers, dogs and douchebags.
Please help publish a steampunk adventure novel so a neo-noir feature film can get finished and in front of distributors.
Together we're going to make The Adventures of Claire Never-Ending: a book to cuddle in bed, an ebook for your tablet.
Upon infant earth, the Creator shapes a man and a woman, the beginning. Blissful love and innocence reign. But evil encroaches.
The story of a small town in Vermont, a hate crime, a love affair, and a mysterious stone circle.
"The Beast of Spearpointe" is Book One of my "Swords of Faith" series, exploring true human experience in a world of heroism & magic.
This is a story about love and friendship. About family, finding love and losing love, and a story about the pursuit of happiness.
Book 1 of The Blacksmiths epic fantasy series. All this completed novel needs is an editor, and I have one standing by!
Fund the cost of an editor, cover artist and formatting for print and e-publishing of a new romance novel with a magical twist to it.
Old Haunts is the third part of a three novella series about life, death and everything in between.
The future is coming...for some, sooner than others.  Preorder and receive Hollow World 6-7 months before the official 1/20/14 release.
An illustrated anthology of escapist fiction featuring content from the Great Escape website and brand new contributions.
Completed three-book series
Første roman på eget forlag! Jeg gleder meg og håper du har lyst til å støtte utgivelsen!
A zombie novel with a lot of guts to it. Rise of the Dead aims for the brain, blending literary fiction with post-apocalyptic thrills.
Intent on some semblance of happily ever after, a woman must resolve her abusive past before she can truly move forward.
Epic Spanish Civil War novel: a thriller with plenty of action. Novela épica de la Guerra Civil Española: un thriller con mucha acción.
Una compilación de cuentos breves, que llevo guardando por mas de dos décadas. Historias de acá y de allá que quieren verse en un libro
Blood Child. A story of murder, incest and power with just a hint of vampirism.
The Narrow Road is an illustrated adventure novel based on John Bunyan's 17th-century classic, "The Pilgrim's Progress."
Transgressive and controversial. Nicole Cushing asks her readers, "How well do you know the people you chat with on a social network?"
The story of two friends, a killer pen, and an ill-considered revolution.
A coming-of-age tale about starting anew. Like, REALLY starting anew.
The monthly adventures of a young superhero told in action packed prose and shipped to your e-reader!
Fear in the Blood is a creature feature horror novel and the first by C.M.W. Hawkins. All it's missing is a professional cover!
An urban fantasy fiction series, with the demigods of Percy Jackson, and the politics of Game of Thrones and House of Cards.
An adventure story in steampunk (steam punk) London. Gadgets, betrayal, airship battles, lies, twists, turns, and fun.
A story about an ancient feud, uneasy trust, and a whole lot of magic - welcome to book two of the White Changeling series.
Pre-order this Irish Love Story! It's written but I need to pay the cover designer and editor so I can get it to the presses!
Fifty warped stories about sex and love by twenty up and coming writers in one amazing volume.
Horrifying visions.  A small town's dark secrets.  A desperate race against madness and death.  At 9:13, your time is up.
Two former US Navy officers co-author a tale of nuclear terrorism that could be ripped from today's headlines
My first novel requires an editor. Before then being sent to agents with the aim of getting published.
Into the Hive of Saarlathesh is a comedy/horror fiction novel about a young man who gets involved in the plot of a Lovecraftian god.
Attack project to produce a print edition of ATLANTIS FALLEN, first of the Heartstrike Chronicles!
I'm working on my second book, called Restart. I'm done with the manuscript, but need/want to pay for professional editing.
The world's first real-time fantasy blog. Season one is coming to a close, now it's time to get season two off the ground!
"Damien Vennar used to be a god." -- BIRTHRIGHT is a cross-genre science-fiction/fantasy novel by B.J. Keeton.
A professionally produced audiobook of the Amazon Top 10 Bestselling humorous novella, BLOODSUCKER BLUES: A VAMPS IN VEGAS STORY.
Raz i'Syul Arro has taken the art of war and made it a masterpiece. Bryce O'Connor's latest book is a dark fantasy of epic potential.
Books should be sold because of good covers, not in spite of bad ones. Help relaunch this highly reviewed novel with a brand new cover.
"Those who can, teach" 

Jim Tovey can, but he 'Requires Improvement'

The only book about teaching you'll ever need!
Help tell the untold tale of the Jersey Devil. Join Captain Kidd, a pirate out of water, on his journey to avenge his father's death!
This Kickstarter project is to help fund the sequel to Searching for Darkness!
A scientist's search for dark energy collides with shamanism, graphene & ancient Rome in this surreal novel set in Prague in the 2020s.
A young man finds an ancient device of power meant to help colonize his planet but it makes him a target of its oppressive rulers.
The Etroma Virus infects Shadow, a secret research base on Yoru Island. The G.U.N.S. must stop it from reaching the outside world.
An imaginative story about the discovery of an aquatic plant whose special attributes change life on the planet as we know it.
"We came in peace. They started the war." Humanity has been forced to take up arms against a hostile alien race. There will be blood.
An Anthology About Time Travel Gone Terribly Wrong - More than twenty stories of Science Fiction and Fantasy to intrigue and amaze!
Set in the worlds of Elite, inspired by the wit of Douglas Adams; the tale of the least deadly assassin the galaxy has ever known.
The last 2,000 copies of A Very Minor Prophet are scheduled for incineration. Send the author to the book slaughterhouse to save them.
The Qaraq: a group of linked souls.  1001 lifetimes remembered in an 11 book literary fantasy.  A wondrous puzzle of karmic history.
A chilling mystery with unpredictable twists, enigmatic characters, and an immersive plot—shortlisted at the New York Book Festival
A tale of life from its genesis to the rapture, starring God, The Devil, and the Sky Hippy himself, Jesus Christ.
Alternate history & Steampunk adventure in book two of the Steam Empire series - A winter invasion, politics, airships, and even togas.
Pre-order the second book in the Relic Worlds series, and explore the Relic Worlds universe further with these stretch goals.
A new fiction anthology combining the genres of noir crime and urban fantasy, edited by the team behind the DARK FAITH anthologies.
The Streets of Blame first draft manuscript is complete.  Developmental editing is required to get it ready for publishing.
I've written a novel for the game "13th Age." Pelgrane Press would like to print it.
B.O. Folarin's novel Scarlet Solstice is a gripping crime thriller that explores the mind & ways of the criminal underworld of Berlin.
Josephine Bowen's story is written, but it deserves a stronger set of wings! Help fund a professional editor, and get a better book!
Help record a magical and humourous fantasy adventure about courage, passion and friendship, narrated by Charles Collingwood.
Come read Episode 1 of a new fiction series where mages and vampires collide in a future world.  Then you can help fund Episode 2!
A hungry alien empire has betrayed humanity. Earth is taken. Now, our greatest hope might be found in the man who wields 
Darkness.
A science fiction and fantasy short story service featuring works from Hugo and Dragon Award nominated authors.
A fantasy novel about coming of age, alternate worlds, magical powers, ancient secrets, and the evils that lurk just out of sight.
Let’s raise $1,000 so we can launch production of a Bum Rush the Commons sequel.
Sharkchild's second hardcover installment of 26 short stories of occult horror.
A story about seeds and what happens when we sell them.
I wrote a book! A real book! With words and everything! It will be available June 1st, but your support can score you an advance copy!!
The world's greatest polo player lies dead in a Palm Beach hotel suite, and no one knows who pulled the trigger. Can you figure it out?
Death Herself is a Medieval fiction novel combined with Greek mythology & revolving around the unintended consequences of immortality.
When Government and Big Business lord it over mankind. These entities need to remember that all humans have an inherent god complex.
Unleash your inner animal.
A thought-provoking look at what a world of extreme income inequality might look like in the not-too-distant future.
Jessie Shimmer will wield perilous magic, battle vicious devils, and fight the Virtus Regnum to save her aunt and put things right.
Courageous tales for adults living in today's world
A love story that traverses continents through letters, oh and throw in a quarter life crisis, a road trip to Vegas & two crazy bff's.
The latest book in the Armageddon Angels series, The Coming Darkness takes place one year after the awakening of the Grim Reaper.
A science fiction novella by Jamie Lackey set in a post zombie-apocalypse world
I've self-published an epic trilogy via lulu.com. Now I can get it into the LA Festival of Books! Help my novels find their audience!
A young man with a dark secret is forced to save the secluded village that hates him from a beast never before seen.
Chinese factory workers. A police captain with a deformed leg. American alcoholics in Shanghai. Babies pooping in garbage cans.
A congregation of astronomers and addicts eagerly awaits a message of hope from extraterrestrial life.
Exciting story of political intrigue - the President-Elect is assassinated just prior to inauguration. Who is remolding the U.S.A.?
The underlying melody via every rock, plant, animal, sky and star, inside the water, from the dirt, through the light: only love lasts.
Writer Devon Glenn loosens the bodice of history with a modern ghost story set in Victorian Cape May, New Jersey. 
Novel incorporating rich characterizations & hidden clues of a mystery + heart pounding action and steamy sex of a thriller.
Every time my daughter tells a story, people ask when she'll be writing her own books.  With my help, that time is now!
Maths wiz Gemma Rowe has found the one problem her maths can't solve: she's in love with her female & super heterosexual best friend.
Shore up a few months of a budget shortfall, so I can focus on drafting a suburban fantasy novel instead of driving for Lyft.
The story of a woman who goes to extraordinary lengths in search of the ordinary
A teenage girl awakens to her aberrant orientation in a future North American lesbian utopia where heterosexuals are persecuted.
The WHISPERS FROM THE ABYSS 2 Returns to provide H.P. Lovecraft inspired stories specifically for readers on the go.
A new volume in the acclaimed, award-nominated series that gathers off-beat fantasy & sf tales by both veterans and new talent.
Bringing to print an unpublished author that has written numerous short stories of diversified subjects. Hopefully, first of many.
A Dark Lord is rising. Again. But hey, that's what the royal family is for, right? Kicking butt in nice dresses: a new epic tradition.
Donald J. Bingle's mystery novella is set in a writers' group and is punctuated by violence, humor, and occasional writing advice.
Even if you're not a writer, you can still "write" Deena's story as a success with your support!
After our successful comic project launched, we go back and provide a tell all illustrated novel, filling all the missing gaps.
A collection of stories, following comically tragic characters trying to make it in Los Angeles.
A short novel set in the Ashteraiverse in which a cosmic being trying to be human is stuck on a spaceship with a murderer on the loose.
Chromozone - One mother's struggle in the cruel world of the undead.
Giant monsters and tremendous havoc brought to you by master authors Larry Correia, James Lovegrove, Peter Clines, and many, many more!
A novel about a 19 year old girl.  What makes her different?  Her skill is for real. Find out how a single punch changed the world.
The Great Way is an epic fantasy trilogy about a supernatural invasion that destroys an empire.
In the war between angels and demons for human souls a long forgotten ally has just resurfaced. Who's side are you on?
Vivian has one chance to save the worlds, and it could cost her everything....
There should be a large sign posted on the employee break room door that reads, “Cleanup your mess or kill yourself.”
Treacle Tanner, vampire secret agent, comes down from his mountain home in Nocte Mortis to the Great Smog to be a policeman, of sorts.
Volume V of the MX Book of New Sherlock Holmes Stories is the largest yet with 564 pages of traditional Holmes tales.
Sharkchild's third hardcover installment of 26 short stories of weird occult and fantastical horror (in the vein of H.P. Lovecraft).
Help finance a professional cover artist create a cover for my upcoming novel:

The Mightiest of Swords, Book 1: The Inkwell
Detective Lieutenant Rick Peller confronts the unsolved mystery of his wife's death and uncovers the shattering truth.
The first book in The Vampire Lilitu Trilogy and first publication of Chicago Fantasy Writer C.G. Sins.
An adventurous debut novel about the mysterious beginnings of blues music in the Mississippi Delta.
A dystopian novel with fearless, lusty women, beasts in the night, a lost girl and her dog, and unrest over the resource of water.
Peirene Now! No 2: The Cut. A commissioned 'Brexit' novel by Anthony Cartwright. Out June 23rd 2017. Please pledge & secure your copy!
I will be producing audio versions of four of my novels: Schrodinger's Gat, Mercury Shrugs, City of Sand, and Aye, Robot.
Matthew Wayne Selznick returns to the Sovereign Era with "Pilgrimage,"  a new novel featuring Nate Charters, hero of "Brave Men Run!"
A novel taking place in a dystopian world where fate is predetermined, and the characters must defy their beliefs to find the truth.
She's every man's fantasy and every woman's nightmare. But there's one problem....she also has a big secret. Can you help her keep it?
The rebirth of a 15-year-old print poetry journal as a webzine dedicated to speculative poetry and weird fiction.
No one notices when a shapeshifter isn't herself. (Also known as: "That story with the shapeshifting cats in space.")
Help me publish my next second novel in print and digital formats.
Three characters in my novel-in-progress are heading to Africa for the East Africa Safari Race. My purpose: To keep an eye on them.
In 2015, Ms. Pierce released her work of short fiction, Pieces of Madness, to great acclaim and success.  Now it's back...And expanded.
Publish "Pelion Preserved," a novel by Anna LaForge.  It is the third and final book in the MAZE series.
I loved writing the Weather Warden series, and I recently had a great idea for a new installment. Interested?
Un romanzo in bilico tra realtà e immaginazione, tra un pittore e la sua ombra, tra il grigio dell'asfalto e i colori dei graffiti.
Chase revenge with Gregory Adalwin in this new urban paranormal fantasy novel by Nina Waters.
Jjust self-published my first novel, 'The Booger Peril: A HIstory of Things to Come' on CreateSpace! Seek to raise cash for bulk order.
Fantasy novel pitting wizards against vampires in a world where magic is dying out and can only be saved by the twins of the prophecy.
A fantasy novella for adults about a wild seven-year-old who makes her way in a perilous royal court. (Art by Kate Baylay)
Chasing dreams. Chased by wolves. My family's fable.
The Two Navy Guys are back with a “ripped from the headlines” novel about homegrown radicalization in America’s heartland.
An amusing, clever, and irreverent book (and audio book) of short stories about the life and adventures of Gandersnitch the Goblin.
After escaping his abusive father, a disabled boy moves in with his grandfather, meets a homeless alien, & helps rebuild her spaceship.
This story is an attempt to give an allegory of your brain’s design for handling emotions. 6 weekly chapters- great for small groups!
Asiyah searches for the meaning of happiness & self-acceptance while trying to maintain her Islamic identity in modern Western culture.
The story of a bounty hunter and a military officer struggling with and against each other continues in this scifi adventure novel.
A collection of short stories inspired by the songs of the greatest horror punk band of all time.
My novel is the start of an epic journey of a young magickal Fairy named Nissa Solstar who must fulfill a Prophecy to save her world
A Magical Book Trilogy filled with adventure, secrets and mystery. Climb aboard Engine 17, the most amazing train in the world.
UNVEILED is the second book in the C# series. Follow Catherine Sharp through a Las Vegas inhabited by satyrs, mages, gods and more.
Help us create the audiobook version of EAST OF WARSAW, a novel based on the true saga of one family's survival of the Holocaust.
A thought provoking and complex avent-garde fantasy novella, that delves deeply into the meta-fictional aspects of creator and creation
An adult victim of child abuse must return home for Christmas, face her abusers and confront the past from which she's been running.
This is a coming of age story about a grown-ass man, and his half-hearted attempts at romance and undeserved redemption.
The premier novel of a science fiction trilogy featuring strong female characters and fast-paced action.
Turn Our Eyes Away is the first book to merge with social media. Readers can friend, follow, and interact with characters on SM.
When an exiled angel's attempt to create Heaven on Earth goes horribly wrong, Mercury is once again called on to save the world.
"I am a part of my surroundings and they are all contained in me. Girl expecting the water." -- Polly McPhee, Greenwich, Mass, 1934
A 365 writing challenge, featuring a year's worth of short prose pieces of all different genres and styles, bundled into one book.
This is an adventure novel about four women that must overcome dangerous obstacles only to reach a much more dangerous destination.
Riverlilly is a world-spiraling, mind-warping fantasy novel with humor, heart, and a twist like a whirlpool inside an hourglass.
A trilogy of modern day fantasy novels set in a world where some people can shift between their human and animal forms.
Rewriting history and creating new types of role models.
Stray is the follow-up to the indie dystopian novel Mutt. Bigger and bolder, Stray will be the series' breakthrough volume.
The origin tale of Warrington, the Cheshire Cat and how he comes to Wonderland on a grand adventure of epic proportions.
We all have secrets, but what happens when your secret is no longer a mystery? What happens when your S.I.S.T.A.S become your enemies?
A quirky thriller about a stay-at-home dad who discovers that his wife is a Mafioso assassin.
A synthetic being's gambit for freedom. Christian Madsen's debut novel!
Banned Books For The Blind - Audio Renditions of Frankenstein, War of the Worlds and Adventures of Huckleberry Finn
The future of our republic is in your hands!
My first manuscript is completed and I've been trying to get it off the ground. Here's how you can help!
I completed writing a fiction novel and plan to self-publish this summer (June15). Book is set in Dublin, Ireland & Tampa, Florida.
A missing woman. A vicious killer. A living storm. COLDHEART is an urban fantasy neo-noir from the author of MR BLANK.
A Radical Christian novel for Young Adults with the potential to change the world. 320 or so written pgs. Please help me publish it!
I'm publishing a six-part gritty fantasy romance and it deserves professional editing, proofing and cover art.
Imperial Nova is a science fiction novel focussing on cabin fever and political betrayal. My first novel, four years in the making!
I need to pay for the graphic design and final edit of my eBook. The book is already written, but I need $$ for the finishing touches.
Two stories of the Cosa Nostradamus, focusing on one of the series' secondary characters - PI (and half-faun) Danny Hendrickson.
I'm starting this project to raise money to cover the cost of printing and posting my manuscript to publishers. Hoping to find success!
An oral history of Victorian vampires surviving in the 21st Century, based on extensive interviews with surviving vampires!
Yeah, I need like $20 to pay for the electricity to finish Part Four of my awesome short story project, 'Leeroy Lester Gets A Haircut'.
A faerie tale for adults; A story about magic, music and maybe a little rated R.
Rediscover the magic of the Victorian era! Steampunk inspired alternative reality featuring vampires, witches, and high adventure!
"Grim Hymns" by J.D. Wilkes (front man for the Legendary Shack Shakers) presents a collection of his comix, lyrics and stories.
To inspire a new generation with the thrill of space travel, a young adult novel that adults can also enjoy. The first in a trilogy!
Schneid's is a coming of age story set in the context of the Vietnam War.
The Salem Chronicles is the first out of many fiction (paranormal) series that I plan on writing and publishing.
The publication and promotion of a short story collection by YA author Victoria Perkins.
The first novel in a four-part series about the superhero you never knew you always wanted.
After years of small stories told on on Facebook and Instagram, the Coyote and the Pig will finally release their first book.
Attorney Juliana Martin must choose between partnering with the FBI to betray a client or watching her father go down for murder.
Cyberpunk short stories that define and extend what it means to be human. The ultimate fate of mankind rests in the balance.
The Fantastic Fiction at KGB reading series needs your help to continue running for another two years.
The Algorithm is a fiction novel filled with plot twists and excitement. If your into computers and technology this book is for you!
On the lost isle of Shumakai, contestants battle in the Tournament Maximus to claim either fortune ... or DEATH.
Three women, one vision. Deep Cuts: cuts may be deeper than they appear. More than just a horror anthology; a horror tribute .
A Halo of Mushrooms, a new fantasy novel & Ebook, tells the fate of one of the last bald mushrooms stolen from the first faerie ring.
My novel is complete and ready to publish but paintings to illustrate the text would enhance the reader's experience.
Kickstart publishing of the final episode and paperback compendium of the 5-star rated "Dead Sea Games" saga.
A Magical Book Trilogy filled with adventure, secrets and mystery. Climb aboard Engine 17, the most amazing train in the world.
A high fantasy novel focusing on a thieving gypsy who becomes the guardian of a princess under the watch of an honor-bound knight.
Jump into a world of homicidal octopuses, extreme whale sport, and several varieties of pirate - help us bring Pisces of Fate to print!
In a world paved with hardship Adam, an exiled young Syrian, wrestles to keep a clear conscience as he confronts demons from his past.
Russell Dickerson covers for three novellas that delve deeper into the frightening world of Knock Knock
Three nations go to war, with demons pulling the strings. Penndarius and his protectors search for the truth that will save them all.
Greater Than Myself shows how we can only turn to the one person that truly helps and understands us when there is difficulty.
Nifelhelsfärd (Journey to Misty Hel) is a fantasy novel set in a mythological pre-viking era (~700 A.D). It's written in swedish.
A coming-of-age novel about a young woman raised in foster homes who pursues her dream of playing hockey, hoping to find who she is.
A rich and dark world in crisis that melds transgressive fantasy, sci-fi elements and epic storytelling in this new series
Madness. Murder. Children's literature.

A psychedelic odyssey of vengeance and family.
This is an effort to publish a novel trilogy; a story of transcendent love without limits, aching passion & connection without end.
Pre-order the paperback of It is Better to Marry than to Burn, a novel about feelings vs vows, and prayers best left unanswered.
An eco thriller set on Chesapeake Bay. As they brace for a world without men, can the women who love the last boy on earth save him?
Booksparks publicity mounts a 7-month campaign to make the dark fantasy novel The Necromancer's House a breakout success.
The last words of a dying person floating in the middle of space. A reflection of worth and meaning.
The Lesbian Code is a fictional novel about the lives of five young women who are connected to each other through their sexuality.
Resistance chronicles the 1942 assassination plot against Reinhard Heydrich; we're launching it at Chicago's Printers Row Lit Fest.
Blood and Shadows is an epic fantasy about the fight to stop a dangerous assassin cartel from bathing the kingdom of Tar Ebon in blood.
A book about bullying and the power of true friendship.
22 Authors accept the challenge to reinvigorate one of Miguel de Cervantes' greatest stories. Special appearance by Kurt Vonnegut!
We need illustrated book covers for the new "Doc Voodoo: Crossfire" novel and a redo of the original "Aces & Eights "cover.
Help turn the bestselling Darkslayer series into an incredible audiobook format! Get cool Books, Posters and T shirts! S.W.A.G.!
Follow aspiring artist Veda through her teens and early twenties as she struggles to find her creative calling and self acceptance.
A space opera anthology of stories about the Bulldogs: Desperate people doing a dangerous job in an action packed scifi galaxy.
A hedge fund manager uses his martial arts prowess in an attempt to rescue his kidnapped fiancée during the Rodney King riots.
The true story of Master Vineart Bradhai, who cleared the seas of serpents, and went down in history as the greatest vine-mage ever.
A shared world SF anthology series where other cities, planets, galaxies are only steps away...for those who dare Walk The Fire.
The second audiobook in the Ren series. The first book, for many, started a love affair with a snarky mastermind.
"Loved" is the story of a girl, but not just one girl, every girl - what we struggle with, what we celebrate, and how we love.
A paralyzed girl deals with her guilt at driving the car in which her dad died. She is reborn when she discovers flight.
Documenting/preserving the maritime history of a centuries-old fishing community now called "The Hamptons". A cautionary tale of loss.
A book launch is a "go big or go home" event. Curse Bearer is a wonder-filled fantasy adventure that deserves a magical launch.
I want to get this book to Amazon. I need to pay 2 artists in order to start this project without any overhead.
An urban fantasy novel about an Irish banshee who comes to Nashville to uncover a secret but ends up with a recording contract.
Characters and scenarios acutely observed from the hipster-heavy streets of East London to the decayed grandeur of the English Riviera.
Girls, his failed band, and baseball on the North Side, these are some reasons why Edwin smokes, but has the time come for him to quit?
A magic school. A heist. And enchantresses falling from the sky.
The highly anticipated Sequel to Zalem, Mass Book 1: Constantinople.
This campaign will cover the costs of designing and publishing a supernatural noir novella.
Dostoevsky influenced novel about a man who must choose between the woman he loves and his dark, insidious purpose.
Thick with drama, suspense, danger and romance, it is a story about human nature and the evils of society in the 1920’s.
I'm looking to alter the paradigm about how books are written. Journey with me as I refine my adventure/scifi novel.
Printing the first book for the webcomic Sorcery101 about an inept chain-smoking sorcerer. It's gonna be 132 pages graphic novel. 
Adina Zorin survived as a sex slave in the Auschwitz death camp.  This is her story...
Boroughs of the Dead is a collection of horror stories set in and around New York City.
"Sinners" is the pilot episode to The CW Chronicles, an illustrated novella of cosmic proportions!
A group of seemingly unrelated teens are thrown into the middle of a conflict started by their (missing) parents and a secret society.
My book is Thriller: scary and has graphic scenes. It's not suitable for people 18 and under. Curious? Donate and you will find out.
Sometimes, fiction has more answers for the unknown than reality. Please help me reveal more with Pick & Mix!
Xavier is charged to help his group survive the onslaught of two evil deities, but can they endure the horrors that will be unleashed?
A novel about a postman just trying to deliver the mail in a small town in Kentucky. Too bad there are zombies gallavantin' around.
A novel exploring the connections between ourselves and those we can never know, and the haunting power of art, love and dreams.
Nick gets a pen and Mina gets a sword. Nick does not think this is remotely fair.
A collaborative project between designers, illustrators, and patrons to prove the power of self-publishing in the niche market of roleplaying games.
An epic tale of a spoiled dragon who is the only one that stands between the destruction of two kingdoms, even if he's unaware of it.
Vampires, Werewolves, Androidians, OH MY! Love triangles, romance, and race extermination in this new YA series.
During the American Civil War a desperate general makes a deal with the dark side. North versus South versus The Dead.
Action packed, with a lightning fast pace; Suffer The Crimson Sand throws Earths finest warriors into a game of survival of the fittest
Creating a fantasy genre series of interactive role-playing game books ("Choose your own adventure" style) with amazing illustrations.
Sometimes, love is an obsession that destroys.
“The seeds of rebellion that would free a nation.”
Today's news coverage from the Hex River Valley echoes this Apartheid era fiction.
How do you solve a 3,000-year-old murder? Join Dr Pimms in the first instalment of this brilliant new series and find out!
True North is a "polar bear novel" portraying the relationships and challenges of life in the Arctic.  Young Adult Fiction/Fantasy
Modern-day mafia new adult fiction. The son of a crime boss is torn between family obligations, love, and personal convictions.
BLOOD MUD SAND AND GOLD       
Calamity Plan        
Full Immersion Story Making
An Arabic dream-book must be translated to resurrect a hero mummified on the moon and open a secret passageway through space and time.
Lightweight's first year was a rousing success. Now follow him into the next step of his journey: the alien world of Nill!
A Fantastic Realism novella set on Southern Italy, mixing gastronomy, self search, kidnapping, white slaves, witches and permaculture.
A diverse steampunk anthology from your favorite award-winning authors, including Jay Lake, Nisi Shawl, Ken Liu, and Lucy A. Snyder.
Indie Book Release & Party in Seattle! Get a copy!
Come see Live Art, Music, Spoken Word, Comedy, & meet the Author! 07-05-2013
Resurrection Gate is a mystery complete with ghosts,lost bodies and a secret cave. I need funding for an editor tohelp polish the book.
If you discover what happens at 11:34, you'll wish you hadn't.
Iconic steampunk artist David Deitrick and author Scott Taylor create the second book of their MagePunk trilogy of The Gun Kingdoms
I will write 50 "Snide Remarks" columns in 52 weeks. They will be funny. You'll like them, I promise. *Promise not guaranteed.
Tom Verbrisser has it all.  A business empire, a car, a suit.  He is also a cat.  Well...that last one wasn't part of the plan...
Help Enclave, the Christian fantasy and science fiction publisher, fund five all new books!
The Jericho River is a novel that teaches the history of Western Civilization. It's a fantasy, but it's also a fun, light way to learn.
Joan's husband dies.  He never finished writing a novel. At his wake, she says he did.  Now she works to make her lie become the truth.
From a country on the verge of revolution to an island cloaked in madness. Discovering Aberration needs editing and cover design.
A new high-fantasy novel about tyranny, genocide, defiance, and the fight for freedom.
Stories of desperate intrigue and cosmic terror. DELTA GREEN is an award-winning setting of Cthulhu Mythos fiction and games.
Con(viction) is an anthology of short stories by the masses of convention attendees, their loved ones, or by innocent bystanders.
A science fiction novel called Afterworld, Escaping the Tyranny
This is a psychological fiction novel of Francesca Raulson's time at the Foxx Hills Asylum.
When Worlds Collide is the sequel to my 2013 novel Guardians. All your favourites return, and are joined by some new friends.
A dedicated union steward in a huge postal facility is arrested for the murder of his sadistic manager - inspired by real events.
A zombie school adventure.  The first in a series of novels where you choose your own story.
A love story with Jesus as its' heart, based on a "riddle" in the Gospels of John and Luke.
The pre-apocalyptic tale of a crimson-eyed killer, a sugar-addicted demon, and the parasitic infection only they can stop.
In search of love an Army Chaplain, wounded in combat, time travels btwn 1967 Vietnam and 33 AD Jerusalem.
Explore-A-Quest is an interactive series featuring amazing stories with multiple paths and various endings.
It's 1987. A hurricane and stock market crash bring the world of finance capital, corrupt cops, cocaine and a single mum in collision.
A girl and her brother are kidnapped and taken to a magical island where a violent war, masquerading as a game, threatens them all.
I applied for the Amtrak Writer's Residency, because I love writing and I love trains.  Here's a way for you to make that happen for me
Team up with us to launch this new short story collection into the literary stratosphere. Shape Conventional Wisdom. Change lives.
Volcanoes, the 3rd installment in the Grace Murphy series goes to print and pre-sale!
A Kickstarter to both publish "Flip" as a physical book, and to publish "Us" as a physical AND e-book.
a thread of a novella: death, colour and the details surrounding important things that are not so important until you pull that thread
A project to fund publication of my sci fi thriller, a near-future dialogue novel about guilt, grief, grace and immortal jellyfish.
Uprising in the world of 1967; Upheaval in a Bronx home!
Please help send me to the Left Coast Crime Convention in Phoenix in February! This is step number one in getting published!
D W Towle brings a sword clashing, romance filled high seas adventure that constantly twists & turns.  www.facebook.com/TalesofTortuga
A superhero parody novella series all in one volume! Illustrated!
A new and exciting Gamebook series in which you are the hero. Plot dangerous paths through dark fantasy lands, and apocalyptic futures!
A dieselpunk novel set at the start of World War I, with zombies, swords, and giant robots. The sequel to Shadows of Asphodel.
A novel with illustrations by artists from MARVEL, DC, Image Comics and Adventure Time!
Nocturnall: an epic fantasy story with political intrigue, secret agendas, and an everlasting love
Joe Odin is the world's greatest guesser, a carnival legend who hunts murderers with flamboyant charm and subtle deduction.
"You never hear someone die. You hear their pain, a prelude to their demise, but death is in the silence." Read Ch.1 & pre-order now.
The book is already written and available for purchase. Initial reviews have been glowing. Now we need start up capital to promote it!
One boy's story of adventure and survival on the ultimate frontier, set on Mars in the not too distant future.
This is the first title in W.C. Hoffman's "Twins of Prey" trilogy. 
Enjoy the fast paced, action filled, woodland survival experience.
Coming Home is a Christian novel that I wish to publish.
Poems & fiction from some of today's best authors, in a print edition. Edited by Andrew McFadyen-Ketchum & Alexander Lumans.
Chaffs, is sadly being published posthumously. We'd like to give his friends a chance to get a special limited edition hardback book.
Cover illustration and professional editing for the science fiction Novel, "Noble Ark,"--1 of 6 in the "Mankind's Redemption" series.
Tian Zhu is a fictional story about the first solo mission of CIA special operations officer Johnny Dekker.
A unique website, publishing travel themed romance stories--because we could all use a little passion and adventure.
A book written in Spanish by Rey Andújar and translated to English. It will be published in both languages as a "flip" version.
The divine library contains many mysteries. This fictional book unlocks the mystery of heaven & brings to life the helmet of salvation.
The penultimate novel of my lifelong project, All Things Impossible. 8 years have passed since Tom's death, but Derora hasn't given up.
I am looking for help in covering the cost of cover art design for my novel.
My urban fantasy novel, Lightfingers, is in need of a cover and (should funds allow) some professional editing.
Stephen Vizinczey, bestselling author (7+ million books sold), returns to self-publishing after 50 years with his new novel "If Only" .
After a strange girl, stumbles into their back yard – worn and bloody, Cleo and Sam Dixon’s lives will never again be the same
See our post apocalyptic future from the eyes of six different Heroes. Elementalist, Chronomancer, Shadow, Psion, Vampire and Therian.
After an unknown event destroys most animal life on Earth, those left must work together to survive, and to understand what happened
The Prose Bowl, Brooklyn's only open-mic flash-fiction reading series, expands to the airwaves and hosts its finals in a bigger arena!
My project is a financial and crime thriller, and is a novel trilogy. The first book is nearly finished, and I need to fund publication
Help me launch this book!
This is a pre-order campaign and a chance to get pre-release copies and other goodies.
I'm going on an adventure. Come with me. I'm a fresh indie novelist getting ready to publish my very first manuscript.
Please help me get readers those print editions they've been asking for, for A FISTFUL OF FIRE and A FISTFUL OF EARTH.
You can't read e-books in the bathtub!  Just one reason I plan to publish a paperback edition of my paranormal thriller, Amanda's Eyes!
An antediluvian man dares to challenge the final destiny of us all.
A Cryptozoologist searches for a cradle robbing monster in the thrilling hit play by James Wylder, with four other strange tales!
Autumn 1903 - something will take Holmes and Watson to faraway Bohemia, where they must face an unimaginably terrible enemy.
Dawn is always worth waiting for.
Is the pope Catholic? A renegade pope makes outrageous new sex rules, and brings back the Inquisition.
"Radiance" is the first short story in the "Arcana Revived" series. It serves as a glimpse into the world of the novel "Manifestation."
A fantasy/adventure novel about a teenage demon hunter whose sister is kidnapped by a king hoping to open the gates of Hell.
Magefable is an illustrated fantasy novel about two mice and their friends on a journey filled with magic, treasure, and adventure.
The Object: Book One launches November 2012.  Visit www.whatistheobject.com to learn more.
A terrifying tale of sibling rivalry gone wrong. Beneath the bonds of twins lies a lethal jealousy. Some secrets, refuse to stay buried
Will you help me get the software to design the cover of my Christian fiction novel? Your name could be in the next story!
David Deitrick, the artistic father of Steampunk, and novelist R. Scott Taylor team up to create David’s vision of a ‘mage-punk' world.
I am a singer/ song writer. Seven Days is my first fiction novel and I'm very proud of what I've done and want to share it with you.
Fund a fantastic show whilst buying your own piece of The Cold Lands...
Kickstart Erik Vrij's top 10 Dutch most remarkable (legal /business) thriller debut in English, White Ink! Your name in it + autograph!
Funding production of speculative fiction anthologies, novellas, and more.
A fictional book written by a student about the inextricable links between everyone in the world and the power of service-learning.
I'm running a new Kickstarter to publish my novel.  Every little bit counts!
Bear is back home in Chicago & his agency has been requested to search for the mayor's daughter. Will his past come back to haunt him?
This project is to capture pre-sales to launch our book Ninety-Nine, a Christian romance novel about a woman trying to outrun her past.
It takes a day to fall in love and a lifetime to forget. Just Once is a World War II-era odyssey about adventure, endurance, and love.
The sequel to The Rise of Renegade X. Damien's plans to become all hero fall apart when he gets a villainous new superpower.
A digital, fiction magazine that aims to marry great design with great content, creating a great reading experience.
Haven's Key is my first published fantasy fiction novel, and readers want more!  You can help make the sequel, Haven's Light, possible.
Smart erotica with women and men as sexual collaborators.
In a steampunk Renaissance Italy, Rosaria Adalberto pursues a theory of electricity amidst treachery and conspiracy.
Help the Gothic Funk Press collect and publish its first ever anthology of intentionally experimental lit from the Vehicle City.
Eve's diary of witty wisdom for all her children
You and Norwood Press are publishing the printed editions of NO WAY OUT (a Karen Vail novel) by Alan Jacobson!
Two rival bands of airship pirates in a cutthroat race for cursed treasure!
The Tesla Trilogy:
Tesla & Darwin vs. Megalodons
Tesla & Edison vs. Order of the Mystic Eye
Tesla & Nellie Bly vs. Evil Mirror Tesla
A science fantasy novel about coming of age, alternate worlds, magical powers, impossible technology and incredible destiny.
Dragons and sorcerers leave the realm of medieval myth and take their fight to the city streets in this new take on urban fantasy.
Roberta the app and robot building girl, navigates from the world of robots to the real world of family and friends.
Funding for the print release of my first book!
No, not my virginity. That was taken by a girl named Ramona the night of my senior prom. I'm talking about my novel, THE USE OF REGRET.
An ancient enemy rises, 
a lost hero finds his way, and his son brings hope 
to a world on the verge of rebirth.
A novel about a little boy who is abandoned in a parking lot & how his life changes the lives of 2 others: a business woman & gangster.
Seven short stories chronicling the life of a solitary Floridian girl as she runs from her imagined 'kudzu monster.'
Viola is shoved back in time to 1469 Florence, Italy so she can become an apprentice in the same workshop as Leonardo da Vinci.
I intend to write a serialized, young adult novel this summer, titled "Once Upon a Fjord." Each week I will send out a new chapter.
Presale of an epic fantasy novel about a princess who finds herself tangled in ancient conspiracies and struggling to survive.
The sequel to the novel Vengeance is finally ready to be written. The finale is only months away. Let's conclude this story together
A burning-purple, celestial body, appears on Earth's horizon, and our world is forever changed. This is no accident, we've been CHOSEN.
What if John Hughes’s She’s Having Baby and Reki Kawahara’s Sword Art Online had a schizophrenic love child?  It would be Gunsmith.
A new science fiction anthology taking place in the trenches of a bloody galactic civil war.
A science fiction and fantasy adventure based on Atlantis the lost continent. I am world building Atlantis from the planets up.
Read, Write and Direct your own story in the Elite Dangerous Universe
Legend Land is an action/fantasy novel written by Noah Barfield set in a world where legends go to die. This is their story.
Quiet Courage is a YA Fantasy novel about a young gay man who has to decide if he's the catalyst for freedom everyone thinks he is.
Illustrated Fantasy novel set in the realm of the Gods. Where's Circe the Witch hiding & what is the secret she's keeping for the gods?
A world of second chances failing. A girl trapped inside with no magic or weapon. How will she find the one she seeks and survive?
Why do young men get all the power armor and cool guns? Military SF with a middle-aged enlisted mom for a heroine.
A young adult Steampunk Fantasy told in images and words, with Interactive bonus features.
An uncommon story about a very common journey
I'd like to create an audio book version of my novel I'll Never Let You Go currently in paperback and ebook formats.
The Knife's Edge is the debut sprawling epic fantasy from author Matt Wolf, and the first book of The Ronin Saga.
An ancient wisdom text and epic novel: Explore secret teachings and forgotten histories of an enchanted lineage of women.
For $450, I'll release a 4,500 word short story to everyone, forever. It's about the martial arts, among other things.
Take a satirical romp through the evangelical landscape as Annabelle Farrow interviews a colorful host of allegorical characters.
Jordan Peck enters into an affair with "the one she never got over" in this tale of friendship, infidelity, and getting what you want.
Help fund the publication of Drew Maples's first novel, A Fool To Guide You!
Saving the world. Eh, it's a living. It's also a novel. With aliens. You know you want it.
The Owlpusses, Descendants of The Owl and The Pussycat, teach mankind about acceptance, tolerance and life free from discrimination.
I will be selling t-shirts at the 2012 TFEIC Author Meet & Greet in Chicago next month. Sign up for yours.
Carly must uproot her life and return home, where she takes over the family company, and unleashes her Daddy's dark secrets.
There once reigned a line of kings who could command the land itself. Now their power is the only thing that can stop an ancient evil.
I'm giving my writing career a unique start by offering signed and numbered limited edition hardcovers of my first novel.
Part classic adventure novel, part fresh teen fiction, The Pynes Embark is a story everyone will want to read. And it's ready to print.
This is the first tale in an epic series of good vs. evil, driven by a nameless man on a quest to save his son.
"Enzymes" is a 2500 word short story about change, stasis and isolation. Once I'm paid ten cents a word, I'll give it away for all.
A "lush, dreamy fable" spanning worlds, Pilgrim of the Sky is one of the most unique fantasy novels you'll read this year - or next.
Paul B. Kohler's Sophomore novel, Linear Shift - Part 2, will go to publication in December. Funding is needed to complete the process.
A collection of 15 short horror stories about phobias, both common and bizarre.
After losing the love of a powerful oracle, Natt Raymer must travel back through time to figure out where they went wrong.
A story of living your life amidst the twisted yet familiar. Anthology of the free web novel series, plus bonus material.
Prequel to the popular novel Communion of Dreams. Get an early release download or a hand-bound copy in your choice of cover material.
A new novel by Matt Banach set in the world of dream.
Cold Bill is one man's descent into desperation and longing as he confronts a darkness that will stop at nothing to consume him.
Like "The Twilight Zone?" Then you are going to love "Metallic Heaven." Read a sci-fi tale that will leave you with thrills and chills.
A Horror/Psychological Thriller Novella that follows the story of a young woman looking for her sister in her own hell on Earth.
Help me fund the creation and completion of the Digital and Paperback editions of my debut Fiction novel - "One Man and His Dogma."
I wrote a novel for NaNoWriMo 2014! After 1 month of writing and 2 months of editing, I am raising money to self-publish the book.
Bringing back a version of our beloved childhood choosable path books... but with a steamy adult twist!
Engine Books is a boutique fiction press publishing novels, short story collections, collected novellas, and related volumes.
The Wizard of Oz re-imagined as a YA novel with cyborgs, mutants, and alien artifacts. Dorothy pilots a giant robot.
A new novel by Jon Snyder - Earth's ancient heroes and man's oldest, most dreaded enemy collide in the greatest epic saga KNOWN to man.
After chancing across a missing persons notice for his former lover, playboy Chad Baxter sells up all he owns to head off in search.
Fantasy, comedy adventure book about D&D players going through mid-life crisis and their plan to steal a Viking Longboat from a museum
Identical twins, with super powers. Clearly the next step in genetics. What could possibly go wrong?
This book will be the first follow up to the Age of Lords: Campaign Setting and Expedition Guide from last years Kisckstarter project.
My project is to get my 2nd book published.  If I sell 600 more copies of my 1st book, chances go way up.  Make sense?  Keep reading.
Lies, Betrayal, Manipulation, the only actions in the world after the Attack. Can Tyler find a way to fix it? Otherwise there's No Hope
Help us offer writers pro rates for their stories!
Fast-paced story begins with a naive Being and journeys with him through six additional lives as he learns and grows through each one.
A fictional novel of Dragons, Spaceships, Multiple Dimensions, an awkward college student and imagination.
Who doesn't love zombies? My imagination has taken me to a new zombie level, one I am sure you will enjoy!
The Will and The Won't & A Way To Go Sideways are two novellas which together tell the story of a man and his journey through time...
A murder mystery/comedy about a sexually repressed do-gooder and her life as the proprietor of The Rapturous Rest, a boarding house.
The Fergyville e-book series could really use the tender love and care of a top notch editor.
The Gordian Knot is a novel that reads like machine gun fire, taking you through an adventure full of superpowers and evil villains.
"The Overcast of Autumn" the 2nd installment of my series, will take you to the limits of Medieval Europe, following the life of Anna.
This project will raise funds for the editing and self-publishing of Childhood Ending.
All the characters in this first novel have been named for my students, young and old
I am making some updates to a published work based on feedback on beta release. Your funds will help with it and making it official.
An anthology of speculative stories exploring how science and technology might change our bodies and what it means to be human.
A dark science fiction / fantasy series about telepathic triplets and their fight to survive in a hostile universe.
Gift of the Phoenix delighted pre-release readers. Watch the book trailer and discover the novel for yourself.
Paper Cuts is the second part of a three novella series about life, death and everything in between.
An Aegean odyssey; a streetdog & the family she adopts & their revealing journey toward rectifying the plight of an island’s strays.
A hilarious, unauthorized book-length parody of the British costume drama from the author of the Barry Trotter series.
Unknowing: An Anthology From Beyond the Veil is a collection of short stories in the horror genre from lesser-known authors.
The Dying of the Light is a horror short Story collection written by myself, Hector R. Laureano.
When Alex comes in to Nina's life, she finds herself wanting something she never thought she could have, but it's already too late.
Welcome to Cappuccinos is a novel about a jackal and how life is supposed to be awesome for him, but sometimes life has other plans.
Third in the "Classic Tales" audio series, CLASSIC TALES OF HOPE AND COURAGE brings to life stories of struggle, tragedy, and triumph!
A 75-chapter web novel combining story, art, music & web functionality to do things impossible to do on the printed page.
Katie's Hope, sequel to Katie's Hellion (Rhyn Trilogy), a young adult/paranormal romance by Lizzy Ford
A coming of age story about surviving divorce, dislocation, dysfunction and distance.
Funding needed to help finish and release "Jennyripper," the second of the Everything Under urban fantasy novels.
Blank Slate Press, a small indie publishing startup in St. Louis, is ready to sign two new authors to join our team. Are you in?
An inspiring novel based on one woman’s journey from sexual abuse, violence, and near death, to love and personal transformation.
The second book in the American War series, an Army veteran's trilogy chronicling an insurgency in the United States in 2032
Blood Fuel is a relentless, brutal adrenaline rush of a post-apocalyptic novel.
WINDFALL is a gripping new novel about the second American civil war, oil shale and demonic possession.
What happens if a Selkie never gets her skin back? Will Etain come home, and will Kirsty earn a sealskin and survive? A journey begins.
A new horror novel by Bram Stoker Award nominee Jeremy C. Shipp.
"Pilate's Ghost," book 3 in the John Pilate Series is almost finished, but there won't be a paperback (or podcast) version without you!
Melissa K. is a plus sized woman turned full figure fighter who's just entered the wild and wicked world of BBW pro wrestling!
Tales of the fantastic, from crypts to cobras, swords to submarines, rubies to railroads, heaven to hell.
The sixth Galvanic Century book is a steampunk mystery set in the American west. It needs a cover.
Gretchen Henderson’s exuberantly innovative and moving second novel interweaves stories, characters, physical and emotional terrains.
fifty 50-word stories designed to discourage villains and inspire champions and drawings built to break brains and arms.
My 2nd book about a young boy discovering he is transgender (FTM) at the turn of the century, amidst a baneful first relationship.
The mysterious dark elven race has ascended from Under Hollow to conquer the realm of Sylvanor. A band of heroes must stop them.
FBI agent Terrence Tillberry is in love with Petra Tarasova. Unfortunately, she's in the KGB.
A sci-fi/superhero novel with a 'Ready Player One', Joss Whedon-y vibe, featuring original illustrations by Marvel and DC artists.
"Arwyn and the Dragon" is a YA novel about a teen who joins with a most unlikely ally ( an 1,000 year old dragon) to free her mother.
"Waking the Dreamer" is the first book in the "Transhuman" series by author Andy Kaiser. It deserves an incredible cover.
Intrepid war correspondent Grant Cogar finds himself in Cairo, caught up in the raging violence of the Arab Spring revolts of 2011.
3 Teenagers in 1989, a storm that shouldn't exist, and one incredible adventure. This is Warped.
Action, suspense, mystery, science, with inspirational and Biblical truth.  We are raising funds for the first production run.
Urban fantasy novel about the death of the Faery Queen & the battle for the succession via prophecy, warfare, intrigue, & revolution.
I want to get my book into the hands of kids who love to escape into a good story!
Co-publish my next book with me, a magical realism novel that explores the power and poison of secrets in a Minnesota town.
A heart wrenching story about a young adult trying to find happiness & meaning in her life. But she must conquer her own demons first.
A group of collegiate magicians struggle to pay off their tuition, pass classes, and stop an elder god from causing a campus massacre.
A Tale of Two Spirits (Part I of the GMR series) is an erotic novel that shows how sex influences the lives of two professional women
A teenage boy discovers a gateway to infinite worlds, and finds a reason to fight for something bigger than himself.
Can a shattered superhero save humanity's best hope for a better tomorrow? Pre-order Broken by Susan Jane Bigelow to find out!
Bad Moon Books' new version of Death Poems by Thomas Ligotti, with a whole new section of poetry, in a gorgeous new hardback edition!
My novel is currently with my editor.  Trying to raise a little money to finish paying my editor and to work on publishing it.
Bring Plasma Frequency magazine back after they faced devastating bank fraud. With a little money we can bring this great magazine back
The Queen of Oz is a book about a drag queen that has been transported into the book of the Wizard of Oz and plays the role of Dorothy.
Two children from Earth travel to the Land of Harmonia where they must learn music and magic to help save it from evil forces.
Thoughtful, inventive, and beautifully lyric, Anca Cristofovici’s novel Stela challenges the persistent obfuscations of state terror.
Nobody's perfect for everyone, but everybody's perfect for someone. As the cliche goes, "Don't judge a book by its cover."
An exploration of supernatural occurrences at Norwich University as observed by the staff, students, professors, and alumni.
Stark is a groundbreaking work of ultra-violent ebook fiction. The marriage of classic pulp fiction and graphic novel artistry.
An illustrated adventure novel of a boy raised by Killer Whales
A premiere novel in the hard core noir genre.
Can an angel, a demon prince and a Jesuit priest stop the Apocalypse... and redeem the Fallen?
Trust no one! Risk everything!
A fast-paced thriller for teens set in a world that has failed to face the challenges of climate change.
Bad Furry comes to the literary world with his definitive guide to the Furry Fandom. For realsies.
A collection of powerful Latino/a fiction that both celebrates and complicates the great American pastime, baseball.
Welcome to the creation of my first novel, due  August 2011.  Follow Cullen's journey into the abyss and his rebirth as a dark hero.
Killing Hitler With Praise And Fire is a choose your own path game about killing or eliminating Hitler via many hilarious means.
Rori’s duty is to protect mythical creatures. But that just put her most precious charge, her daughter, in danger.
Five misfit teenagers destined to save the world from climate change.
Tellurian Suns is an adventure fiction, treasure hunt. I'm starting a small marketing campaign to get my name out there
Return to the Future That Never Was!
The 1st case handled by Torin ban Wyvald & Danthres Tresyllione in a flashback story taking place 10 years prior to "Dragon Precinct."
If I get $700, I release two short crime stories online, DRM free, under a CC license.
If the Hobbit met the Buddha, they went on an adventure together, then wrote a fantasy novel, it might be like this.
The novel features Ethel,12 who gets duped by an all-out cyberbullying campaign orchestrated by two girls looking for YouTube fame.
A story about an experiment involving a recent college graduate who must time travel to his own funeral in order to pay rent on time.
A Red Pine Sunday is a comedic novel all about talking animals, the end of the world, and old people sex.
The third book in the Night Terrors Series, a supernatural thriller about a war between the sons and daughters of angels and demons.
This year's pre-order model for the return of Jack Palms to print: get THIS IS LIFE here now!
NYV: PUNK an original coming of age story of adventure, music, romance and bloodthirsty vampires in the 1980s NYC Punk scene (UF / NA)
An epic fantasy about brotherhood, friendship, young love, saving the world, losing your identity, and what we have left after we lose.
The first novella in a series tells of a falling empire, of techno-magi and cyber-knights. These funds get me an editor and a cover!
The Final book in the Night Terrors Series, a supernatural thriller about a war between the sons and daughters of Angels and Demons!
A fun fantasy read for all ages. Avery is a modern, disadvantaged youth beset on all sides by poverty, bullies and black magic.
Humanity's first steps into deep space are seen through the eyes of a young soldier.
Follow Devan, Varick, Carmine, and Kieran on their journey through the winding paths of trauma, recovery and truths laid bare.
Yazen's a YA/Fantasy novel that has magic, portals, mystical creatures, adventure, foreign planets, and more. Will Zac return home?
I just finished Riskwear, a sci-fi romance spiced with exhibitionism, fashion, and engineers. A great story deserves a great cover.
We wrote the story.  We have an amazing artist. We already had her do the front--now we just need a back cover!
I'm self-publishing my science-fantasy novel Vika's Avenger, and I need money for professional editing and a great cover!
The EvoAngel is an environmental thriller featuring the new sciences of Evolutionary Development and Epigenetics. Mushrooms too!
The Fucking Word of the Day gets a lot of fan mail. Many have asked us to create daily tear-off calendars. Here's your chance.
Charming stranger, family gone crazy, sheriff at the door, and a split-second decision that changes Neelie's life.
Gods, street performers, and Venice sinking into the ocean.  A different kind of love story.
The 6th grade class of Ville de Marie Academy is undertaking an ambitious task: Every student is writing their very own novel!
Mermaids, Kelpies, Celtic Heroes! These Irish water folktales, stories & photos are ready for December delivery, & for touring in 2016.
A science fiction novel that explores humanity's intergalactic future through the eyes of the everyman.
Three will struggle.  One will die.  Trivium is a cyberpunk, sci-fi, speculative fiction work.  Twelve short stories--includes art.
Persona Non Grata is the first of the Junkture stories, by Stephanie Quinn Jackson.
In AD 67, Aulus Aurelius and his family were murdered for their faith. These are his letters to you.
Lemon. is a collection of short stories exploring the emotional violence we inflict on the people we love the most.
"All the women of my family had gone to war... Now my turn had come..." So begins the heroic story of Tamras, narrated by Janis Ian.
From Lisbeth Salander to Katniss Everdeen- we are enthralled with what it takes to fight like a girl. Help us share these stories.
A contemporary fiction series of three novels available for Kindle, Nook or in paperback.
The camera never lies. But when both the photographer and the model are keeping their secrets hidden, what chance of finding the truth?
Paul B. Kohler's Debut novel, Linear Shift, will go to publication by October 1st.  Funding is needed to complete the process.
Crime writer Peter DeForest died in 1950, leaving behind a sexy widow ...and a secret. Was it worth killing for then? Or dying for now?
The third book in the Sky Child series, from acclaimed author T. M. Brenner. YA Dystopian with elements of fantasy and science-fiction.
15 years in the making, this book features 28 different short stories that detail a day in the life of a year of a girl.
I will be selling t-shirts at the 2012 TFEIC Author Meet & Greet in Chicago next month. Sign up for yours.
Do you Remember 1984
The Scourge is a critically-acclaimed novel about a 14th century knight searching for his wife in an England ravaged by demonic plague.
Olivia Black is back. And so is her ghost hand. Young Adult Paranormal Thriller Series, Book Two.
A scientist mad with grief; a mother trying to escape guilt; a little girl's worst nightmare; a mistake with unforeseen consequences.
How Time and Love are shaping our worlds.
200 pages - four fictional stories.
French and English editions - published in the US
A fictionalised journal of spending a month in the gayest city in America (Provincetown, Massachusetts) from the blogger London Preppy
A twisted take on a classic Christmas poem sees the Neighbor nick eaten on the front lawn on Christmas Eve. A story by Kevin Coryell.
Help fund production costs and get Isabelle to meet her hunky lord! MUST LOVE BREECHES is a time travel romance set to release Sep 2014
The Beast is the first of many "origin stories", the tales of vampires, werewolves, and ghouls and how they got that way.
A fantasy novel about coming of age, alternate worlds, magical powers, ancient secrets, and the hard line between fate and choice.
A collection of Sci-Fi, Speculative and Unusual short stories by 12 authors.
The first tale from a thrilling series of modern fantasy novels set in the urban sprawl of Manhattan
In the world of Hunter Academy, the Knight cousins have to learn whether they can break one of the rules of magic in order to save it.
"Gunslinger's Guide to the Gospel." A western novel about bringing hope to the hopeless through discipleship and mentoring.
Alien abduction, romance, and adventure -- one writer’s struggle to discover wherein reality exists separate from one's own  thoughts.
A bold new way of storytelling. Join the epic adventure and travel to the afterlife.
23 contemporary stories capturing the classic golden age feel of space opera past.
Mystery, love story, metaphysical reverie -however you choose to describe it, you won't want to put it down.
Eternal Rising - The fate of our world and theirs rests in her hands. But some want her dead.  A novel rooted in Egyptian Mythology.
We want to get our first novel professionally edited and ready for pre-teens and parents to enjoy in ebook and traditional formatting.
BLOOD HARBOR: A Novel of Suspense by Rick Chesler, author of thrillers Wired Kingdom and kiDNApped.
The Runaway Mommy is a work conceived after reading the classic children's book Runaway Bunny.
'Gone'. In a single instant, just over 50% of the worlds population vanishes. Now, those who remain have to pick up the pieces.
If the Muse of Story dies - all stories die with her.
The 1920s underbelly and corrupt politics of St. Paul, MN come alive in this historical fiction thriller by Cortney Dirks.
Building on Tickety Boo Press' successes over the last 18 months and giving authors & editors a better financial return on their work.
Help finish a novel about love, addiction, and the difference between the two- not just with your wallet, but with your pen.
An eBook about magic, good and evil, and the power that comes from using the right words at the right time.
Phaneron is the retelling of the last six years of my life through eyes of the persona Demolache, written in the format of an epic.
Discover the world of fairies, likely more beautiful than you ever imagined with this book of fairy lore.
What happens when Evil attempts to destroy the Good in fairy tales? A new book by Erik Peterson and illustrations by Meredith Moriarty.
Help support and promote the first novel by this young author, Chance Glenn, Jr. The first installment of an epic trilogy.
An illustrated book of surreal short stories based on my dreams.
Join us in printing One Teen Story, a lit-mag featuring great short stories by professional writers for readers of young adult fiction.
Cross-dressing milk bottles & trouser trolls are just a few of the hassles a hat salesman endures in this novel with delightful pics!
Tiadaria, the last Swordmage, joins forces with an intelligence agent to stop a rogue sorceress from raising a pirate army.
Tales of Wonk and Woe is a 75 page illustrated storybook geared toward teens/adults.  It is based on original plush characters.
A novel about a man who is transformed into a vampire when he drinks Christ's blood.
You know those great books that make you look at things differently and leave you wanting more?  Help get one of them off the ground!
A science fiction anthology from the rising stars of indie-publishing in Texas and beyond.
Mister Mercury: A Modern Greek Myth needs to be in book stores and libraries! Help get this Greek adventure into waiting, eager hands.
Soldiers return from war with a new complaint-"I am a wolf." The government and our enemies race for the answer.
In my retelling of the Washington Irving tale, Rip is a Tappan Zee Bridge toll collector and feminists take up the cause of Rip's wife.
The Glittering World audiobook, produced by Grammy winner David Rapkin (Harry Potter Series) and read by Audie winner Edoardo Ballerini
Enter a world of knights and magic, filled with intrigue and wonder. Prepare yourself for Tales of Ateon.
Sorcerer Marla Mason teams up with her old apprentice to fight a chaos witch and a dapper monster from beyond the multiverse.
The math is simple: Survival isn't.
Iconic American Fantasy Artist Jeff Easley, and Black Gate Magazine Editor R. Scott Taylor recapture the fantasy of the 60s and 70s.
The Life He Knew is a story about human awakenings, every day insecurities, and broadening perspectives... with a supernatural twist.
A new horror magazine edited by John Joseph Adams, editor of Lightspeed and the bestselling anthologies Wastelands and The Living Dead.
Wapits is a young adult novel.  Filled with mystery, discovery and adventure. Wapits are small creatures found in Gladstone, Oregon.
The second in my series of Hitchcock-inspired novels—about the escalating terror caused by a seemingly demonic infant.
I will be writing the sequel to The Cloud Seeders during the six-week break I have from teaching. Trying to cover my bills!
Join Prince Leopold, persecuted for being gay, and the quirky questers who vow to free him in my modern twist on a classic fairy tale.
Seduced in the Dark is expected to be released 9/1/2012. Need funds for upfront expenses: posters, paperback orders, t-shirts etc.
When Sam's mother dies, he finds out the Tree of Life is hidden in the valley where he lives. He decides to find it and bring her back.
An enhanced e-book with interactive maps, mini-documentaries, and murder! QTG is a historical fiction mystery set on the Oregon Trail.
Have you ever made a wish that you regretted when it came true?
Three lives, three times, one world: a mystery that spans millennia.
A gothic/noir thriller debut novel by Brent Kruscke.
A baron's son becomes a self-made scoundrel in the second book of The Valley of Ten Crescents series.
The life you have been given isn't always the life you expect. But there can beauty in that.
A brand new book series about magicians, family secrets and adventure. It's Harry Potter meets The Da Vinci Code by way of Nancy Drew!
After escaping a North Korean prison camp, Mee-Kyong makes a vow to never be enslaved again.
An urban fantasy discarding the usual tropes in favor of ancient gods and the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse.
A tale about newspapering, politics, business, and religion in New Orleans written by a former Times-Picayune reporter.
The South Jersey Writers' Group is publishing a second anthology, and we're looking to take our publishing game to the next level.
Inner World Adventure, features two daring female adventurers, traveling to the Inner World of Träskarús, to stop a diabolical madman.
A quarterly horror publication with an emphasis on dark speculative fiction.  Make a pledge, fuel the nightmare.
Meredith Malady, a high-schooler from Flint, Michigan runs away from home to pursue a murderous "Rat Man." 2nd Person with delicious, gooey weirdness.
My historical romance novel, "Over the Sea to Skye", set in Scotland in 1746, will be published on 1st June 2014.
A collection of 25 pieces of fast paced fiction. Dark themes lead to mystery, suspense, and horror as Paul moves from poker to prose.
the end is near lets get pizza
Help with my self publishing endeavors. Have local backing, now need yours for my upcoming book 'In the Eyes of Evil'.
Eight original short tales, each adroitly illustrated by one of eight inventive and unique local artists.
TRIBE Comics is growing, and we need your help to get to Phoenix Comic Con! Get exclusive first issues and prints!
I'm retired. No, really. So why am I running through LA, trying to dodge every conspiracy there is to stay alive? Oh, right. I'm me.
In a world parallel to our own; the gods of Norse, Greek, Egyptian, Celtic and Roman mythology still reign. What could scare even them?
New zombie apocalypse novel seeks funding for launch by living dead enthusiasts after receiving multiple five star reviews!
A murder investigation in the Silicon Valley town where he grew up has a retired police detective questioning his sanity.
A project to cover the production costs of Part II of my six-part fantasy novel, DISCIPLE.
Limited Edition Hardbacks and Bear Polo Shirts help fund a professionally edited novel with professional cover art.
A new menace faces Randall and Berry as they must once again join forces to save Tallia, and themselves!
Major publishers say "men don't read fiction." We say BULL. The first and only Men's Fiction magazine relaunches this winter.
Twisted collects 28 flash fiction stories in a book and uses text, illustration and graphic novels to tell the tales.
A collection of twelve short stories written by various authors to challenge traditional ideals of publication.
Libertarian novelist (and social studies teacher in Ohio) needs to travel to New Hampshire to research the Free State Project over spring break
A modern cat & mouse thriller with a female lead who gets mixed up in the world of stolen art and the super rich. READ IT FIRST HERE!
Pay me $530 and I'll release a creepy Lovecraftian short story under a CC license, in perpetuity.
Infinitum is a work of fiction following two cousins as they're thrown into a reality that the world is much more than they imagined.
I'm writing a novel about an Arctic sailing crew and climate change.
Help support the initial publishing costs for my completed manuscript called "A Night on Kingwood"
A hand-made signed limited-edition chapbook and a subscription to shortshortshort.com all in one Kickstart!
We're translating an acclaimed contemporary Russian-language novel into English and making it available worldwide
Help me release my engaging book with my Anaphora Literary Press in a way that will make it visible to the general public.
A ground-breaking debut novel for the Lost-and-Found Generation
A real old-fashioned space opera. Rip-roaring adventure. Abandoned planet; ancient mystery. Space pirates. Sentient starships.
Literary themes: young adults' choices in a dying Nebraskan town; a gold strike mystery; a spirit buffalo, leaving and returning home.
The first book in a trilogy about young rebels fighting against a totalitarian government that bans any knowledge of the outside world/
Responding to a distress beacon becomes a desperate struggle for survival aboard the city-sized ship Metropolis Seven.
By funding Zachariah's Ark your business or your name could appear in the next book of this exciting new mystery/thriller series!
Flush is tale about a bulimic wrestler and an ethically-motivated anorexic girl who fall in love and become pregnant.
This book will bring the world of Terralea to life as the heroic tale of this brave warrior begins to unfold. The Fireblade.
The end of the world is at your fingertips. Help me publish my first novel and we can experience it together.
A story about two people who can't afford a place to live, so they build a secret shelter on the roof of the building where they work.
When an evil demon plots to gift Satan with a son, she stumbles upon an ancient abomination. God raises up one man to oppose her.
I have a 5000 word Bronze Age horror story in the HP Lovecraft vein. If funded, I'll release it free online with a CC license.
The harrowing first book of a young man's struggle to adulthood, after losing his father in a terrorist attack.
I funded the preview edition of Spa Dayz out of pocket & launched it at Lips NYC.  Now help me share my message with the world!
Join with us to bring these bestselling Russian historical espionage thrillers (Stieg Larsson meets Umberto Eco) into English.
The Buffalo Small Press Book Fair is a 1-day event that brings authors, bookmakers, zinesters, artists, and cultural workers together.
A biographical historical novel of royal court intrigue. The (mostly) true story of a king's bastard son and an aristocrat's daughter.
Set in a forest where the undead are said to walk at night, desperate to tell their tales to the living so as not to be forgotten.
An unusual protagonist and an unusual project emerge from a veteran author’s love of comic book heroes.
A modern LGBT romance following several years in the life of two unlikely friends with skeletons in their closets.
A nostalgic time-travel story of regret and redemption, set along the shores of New Jersey in the summer of 1995.
Help us publish book 2 of a fantasy series following two mice on an epic journey around the world seeking magic and treasure!
Based on a Bold Faced Lie is my first collection of short stories. It is my goal, my dream, to have it found in a bookstore near you!
An anthology of humorous stories of love gone wrong
Running. Still running. Saving the world once wasn't enough - this time, Crimsonstreak has to save the multiverse itself.
The New Guard is an indie annual in its first year. We are writers for writers' sake. Help us grow & support writers for years to come.
A darkly magical story cycle by Warren Ellis, Tim Dedopulos, Dan Wickline and 26 other writers/artists with a poster by Ben Templesmith
STRANGE fiction by STRANGE people, for STRANGE people!  The most talented rising stars twist your perceptions and blur the boundaries.
Whit Clayborne accidentally dates a soul eater and unwittingly falls for a vampire - and it's only his first week demon hunting...
The Great Scrolls Prophecy has triggered and the fate of the world hinges on one Half Demon/Half Sylvan Elf whom the world hates!
The Violet Awakening is the second installment of The Elementum Trinity, a YA Urban Fantasy about elemental control.
Help us bring Matchbox Girls to print! Marley Claviger must look after two mysterious little girls who could save the world-or end it.
Power. Deception. Mystery. This novel is a modern day rewrite of the King David and Bathsheba story.
Cthulhu Mythos tales from the people of the Miskatonic Valley.
Help me publish a book! It's based in 11th Century Byzantium. Action! Drama! Suspense! Romance! It's got it all!
Payten Lestat and Charles Dickens takes you back to 19th century Kent, for a parody of Great Expectations with added Zombies
In a life of impossible choices when sometimes death magic is the lesser of the evils, can a dark mage save the world and his own soul?
An apocalyptic humor story about zombies taking over Las Vegas. Starring: Black Elvis, a feminist stripper, and a drunken janitor.
It’s bad enough to agree to spy on the guy your neighbor’s ex-wife is dating. It’s even worse to get caught...
Book Launch Oct. 29-1st YA novel by A.W. Hampton set in the late 1600s depicts the victory and spiritual triumph of 10yr old Jacqueline
A gripping, gritty and authentic science fiction book set in the "Elite" game universe. Not tacky, schlok SF, but a d*mn good story.
A book introducing the world of T.I.T.A.N. 2100 to readers and potential fans. It contains detailed setting information and color art.
After publishing many short stories, a  memoir, a collection of short stories and a children's picture book my first novel is complete.
A prequel to the novel DRAGON PRECINCT, telling an adventure of Gan Brightblade and his friends before they were murdered in that novel
You suddenly discover you have the ability to move between the physical world and the metaphysical world. What do you do?
An exploration into the cult of the culture fit.
It took me 9 years to write this book about a TN girl in South Korea. A story too wild to be true and too true to be fiction.
Subvert scientist stereotypes by supporting stories of Olivia the Inventor as she recreates some of the grand experiments of science.
A serial killer has been brutally murdering people for the past 80 years. This killer holds fast to a higher purpose, however . . .
Have you ever wanted to give input into plot lines or decide which character dies? Well you can in the first Jack Rabbit Mystery Novel.
Three authors remix three of their stories three times and hope they're still friends in the end.
Blow me is the story of three girls, Chloe, Dawn, and Skyler, who are single, nearing their 40s and desperately looking for love in LA.
First novel from an exciting new author.  This book will challenge your concepts of  time, space, grammar and storytelling.
A gritty science fiction novel set amidst a high octane homicide investigation which brings a new twist to traditional angelic lore.
A wrong turn, a mysterious maze, and dangerous, sexy strangers. Welcome to the Gauntlet!
The story of one woman's journey through the incredible changes of the past 13 years, to be published as a free e-book.
Fund the printing of this book of 14 collected short stories, from literary New South yarn to end-of-days dirge, by Todd Dills.
A captivating story of the delicate balance between man, spirit and Earth and what happens when the balance between them is tipped.
A book of stories and illustrations about the lovely strangeness of life.
The hilarious fairy tale you never knew, as told by Phantom, the greatest villain of all time... or so he thought.
The Amish Appeal is the first full-length fiction novel by Kevin Williams, a nationally noted expert on the "plain people."
To win back Darke's sawmill, he and three friends brave the Unwithering Woods to hunt a monstrous elk from ancient myth.
A special edition of Spellbound and a companion adult anthology featuring fairy tales retold to include the entire human spectrum.
I’m seeking funding for my debut novel’s website.
To research a novel about a teen who drives cross-country filming a documentary, I'm hitting the road with my camera.
UFO3 is the 3rd annual anthology featuring offbeat and humorous science fiction & fantasy short stories.
Violently emerging from the fog of modern prescriptions, James Buffalo chases beautiful women and his innocence across the Tired Coast.
A book about Hilarious Observations for everyday situations concerning race, religion, gender, class, creed and sex!
When a date's roommate is murdered, curiosity turns dangerous, and Zach has to keep one eye open IN THE COUNTRY OF THE BLIND.
Buying a Super power is Kya's overriding goal in life. Unfortunately, society isn't designed for everyone to have one.
Seven Poets and the Assassin's Secret is a first-of-its-kind, real-time, serialized story developed for iPhone, iPad, & iPod touch
By Light Unseen Media has taken over the publishing of my alternate history vampyre series. I need your help to make this happen.
We at theblood-shed.com are striving to become the next front runner in horror movie news. We need your help to reach the next plateau!
FICTION MAGIC is a 3.5 x 5.5 inch 54-count card deck & guidebook that will increase tension in your writing as it decreases it in you!
The start of an epic battle drawn across multiple realms of existence.  Two souls pulled together by fate are caught in the struggle.
Redstone Science Fiction: http://bit.ly/rsfmag Goal: to double our size & publish 8000 paid words of new SF during March, April & May.
A race of tiny magical beings lives on Earth today, yet humans are unaware of their hidden existence. They are kirins.
A wild, fun, fantastical novel, The Earthquake Machine tells the story of an adventurous 14 year-old girl as she travels across Mexico.
A story of sex, drugs, and heavy metal in New York City c.1995. The first time isn't always what you expect. 11,390 words.
To take you back in time. To imagine what it was like. The songs are the outline. My words are the colors of emotion that I painted in.
A novella about a Dystopic United states if the last 10 years had gone horribly wrong, as seen through the eyes of two friends.
A teen girl and her .410 shotgun go against a town full of bullies and a dog-fighting ring in order to solve the murder of her friend.
A contemporary story about a blended family at Christmas time, when a storm in the Gulf of Mexico endangers the life of the father!
How To Be Dead is the first part of a three novella series about life, death and everything in between.
Pictures and stories inspire each other.
Facebook united Allison Braden to a daughter she never met or knew, or even gave birth to.
One series is a mixture of superheroes and urban fantasy, the other is a pro wrestling action/adventure tale. Help make them a reality!
Brandi Bare's goth roommate Dylan gets her own solo adventure when she meets Holly, who is either a super spy or very insane.
A fable of a young woman who struggles with the meaning of success until she meets an unlikely mentor who proposes a different path.
The Light is the story of a Quaker blacksmith facing the unique challenges that the American Revolution poses to his faith and family.
Learn the Secret of the Attal and join a normal small town family's abnormal adventure to save their alien friends peaceful existence.
A first time author, raising funds for my project so it becomes not only a epublished book but a paperback on shelves. Tangible.
Basement Stories is an online magazine of speculative fiction that desperately wants to publish a fourth issue. 
Multiple apparitions of a dead girl appear simultaneously.
Help us publish a book of steampunk short stories from New Babbage - the sooty SecondLife City-Nation of the steampunk imagination.
An anthology from Firebringer Press. 14 tales of warlocks, selkies, golems, starships, superheroes, and futuristic dystopias.
Demons and Immortals deeply involved in a forbidden world...ours.
Dorks Versus Orcs!  Twenty interconnected short stories about growing up with small-town D&D-ers. Winesburg, Ohio with nerds swearing.
The Songs from the Seashell Archives continue in a new book of the Brown witches and Rowan royals in the age of steam and dragon!
I am writing a novel about slavery, using E Pinckney, a wealthy colonial landowner who helped bring indigo to market, as a character
Ten original zombie flash fiction stories in PDF, mobi, and epub formats for just one buck!
Change is an urban fantasy novel about a young woman who stumbles into a war between occult factions grappling with climate change.
An alien being who can never know anything but space adopts a human. Life changes for both of them, as does the fate of the world.
Immortal follows the story of Alex Mamsin, a man who becomes immortal just as he finally kills himself.  Now, it's time to publish!
The Forging is an exciting new fantasy novel. If you love stories of dwarves, orcs, thieves and magicians then this novel is for you!
Bible meets Tolkien as 10-year old Boaz joins the Israelite battle for Canaan and discovers he has powers that may save the nation.
The best bisexual-themed short stories, all in one book. Showcasing the depth and breadth of bi experience and bi literary talent.
My novel is a witty and wicked political satire that imagines a future alternative reality with roots in the headlines of today.
Short science fiction & fantasy every weekday. All we get will go to pay authors for stories that we publish Sept. 2013 to Mar. 2014.
DARSHAN chronicles the story of a family's 100-year journey across continents in search of redemption and forgiveness.
Follow the Dark Knight of the Domon Empire as he visits through strange worlds, wielding sword and magic, and traveling through time.
Sandwich: Fiction by Donald E.W. Quist
Original short stories by today's great writers and the protégés they recommend, delivered to your smartphone or tablet each weekday.
Spaceships. Blackmail. Anywhere but here. A novel about teens running from society as fast as their spaceship will go.
This production will create the audio book version of the novel from Radclyffe. Actress Diane Gaidry narrates this classic love story.
An evil presence throws the land into turmoil. Separately, a scholar and a warrior try to discover its source before it is too late.
Support this Project: A tale about a boy who discovers the secrets of The Mill, a prison infamous for never releasing a single prisoner
Society Dawning, book 1 in the Sovereign Magi Society trilogy, is written and almost ready for publication.
Help fund the galley printing costs of The Girlfriend Game, a short story collection by Nick Antosca.
the second novel in the night terrors series, a supernatural thriller about a war between the sons and daughters of angels and demons.
Delaterra, Numar, and Jerta are three countries set to collide in a cultural feast of bloodshed, sorcery, and adventure!
Meet Henry Beauregard, a man on the verge of death, seeking salvation on an odd pilgrimage in this Southern historical fiction.
A first-time Christian author is seeking publication of his freshman work, Three Wooden Crosses, inspired by the popular song.
Dirty Southside Jam is a thriller packed with action, suspense, and black humor.  The author is a lovable lunatic who needs your help!
A Black girl of 18 runs from Memphis to N.Y. in the 60s; finds life is like her favorite game-baseball-with runs, hits & many errors.
Followup sequel to 1st novel launched here on KickStarter. Future Earth Colony Struggles to undo the Legacy of its Founder's Failures.
I am updating and expanding my popular NoSleep "Cabin getaway" series into a novel, to be available in e-book and paperback formats!
MI6 has recruited its most unlikely agent - an Irish musician sent to India to capture the man who ruined his career: his own brother.
What would a world without men be like? This NaNoWriMo depends on you.
When Drake Thomas wakes with no memory of his past, he's forced to get involved in the looming war, while trying to figure out his past
An anthology of speculative historical fiction revealing the voices of silenced dreamers
A collection of comedic science fiction and fantasy short stories that will tickle your funny bone...and maybe several other bones...
A young Armenian avenges his family and his people through the dark, deadly world of the Turkish opium trade.
Secrets. Betrayal. Desperate choices. Glimpses of infinity, then more than glimpses. The award-winning fiction of DELTA GREEN returns.
Book on the mystery involving a VW bus, subject of the 1972 case "United States of America versus one 1963 Volkswagen Camper"
The Ripple Effect Romance Series--a set of six clean romance novellas by six critically-acclaimed contemporary authors.
A collection of short stories featuring the worlds and characters of A. Lee Martinez
When assassins Livens and Rubeus decide to kill the king's seven corrupt advisers, they soon learn they are their own biggest obstacle.
Give me one subject and I'll write you a story about it! Help me raise money for my book!
A completey original and refreshing take on the mythos of vampires, angels, and the devil.
Kieran & her husband Tyler are newlywed twentysomethings navigating a new city, house, jobs and group of couple friends in Savannah.
A publisher's move from hand sales with a smile to a campaign of total world domination—with perhaps a step or two in between.
A charismatic African American woman traverses the Civil Rights era with two magical dolphins to fulfill an ancient African ritual.
Beautiful. Deadly. And the most dangerous assassin in 23rd century Neo-Japan.
This is my second novel. The funds are helping to pay for the initial print run and some advertising materials.
A collection of satire by humorist Wyler Graham.  As ridiculous as Sedaris. As scathing as Twain. As sexy as someone really sexy.
A series of 3 books. America's future in space is revealed in a very real light through the eyes of a young soldier.
We professionally publish the finest creative writing by 13-year-olds from any background. Help us fund our first anthology!
Short Story Anthology with a certain southern flavor, dipped liberally in Sci-Fi, and fried up fresh from the mind of C. David Apgar.
A anomalous document covering the day-to-day activities of a fantasy Fantasy Hockey League. Several journalists died.
I am seeking funding to pay the authors who have been chosen to participate in the Goggles, Gears, and Gremlins anthology.
My son, David, the Boo-Monster, has low-functioning autism and  is my entire world. So I've created an entire fantasy world for him.
War Of Wings is the first of a three-book series about the fall of Lucifer from Heaven, and how paradise was corrupted
A collection of excerpts from centuries old rare books, manuscripts and literary ephemera only available at Oxford's libraries.
It is the story of boy meets girl on line and what happens when they meet in person and she finds out he meets LOTS of girls on line.
Two young writers are publishing a double-sided book through a small press and need a budget to launch their marketing campaign!
Watch David and Julio travel across the United States as they try to watch as many games of the 1994 World Cup as they can.
I'm writing a science fiction story and the $7.00 is the cost of a pen.
The last Sky Ranger of the Extrahuman Union must fight to survive - and save his people - from a government that would destroy them.
My friend Brian is a mad genius who has the best/worst book stuck inside his brain. We're teaming up to pry it out of him.
Social drama, coming of age
Esmee - Thirst For Blood is a twist on the 'Jack The Ripper' story with vampires.  A novel by award winning author Victor Wright.
Richmond Young Writers has a new home! A home that needs walls, tables, chairs, and magic to transform it into a writers' wonderland.
Olivia Zack is a neuroscientist, pharmaceutical consultant... and murder victim. With your help, she could also be an eBook star!
Trisef Book LLC (www.trisefbook.com) seeks funding for its 4th book in the Oracle Series (YA fiction adventure).
Small town secrets. A mysterious death. Universal collapse.
Help this established author continue his popular series, The Stanley Cooper Chronicles.  Now writing book three of the series.
A new book series that offers young adult readers valuable life lessons within a dramatic action-adventure fantasy story.
I need covers for my upcoming cyberpunk series.
I need your help to write "Lilah," sequel to "Stryker" and book two of the "Fifth Destruction" series
A booklet collecting the 420 code, a series of fictional vignettes revealing the 4 virtues and the 20 rules of thumb.
A novel about a 16 year old girl coping with the loss of her mother, surviving high school and trying to become a woman all on her own.
Magic, gadgets & time-traveling pirates? It's just a day in the life of Disastrous Pirate Sue & her steampunk nieces.
I am a 27 year-old high school science teacher. So excited to finally get this story of Levi Avondale out of my head and onto paper!
A bored websurfer encounters a Dutch student so taken with Arab men he wants to be owned by one. Wickedly funny, and yes, a bit naughty
‘Across the Bitter Sea’, a powerful story of fellowship and our ties to the past. Enter the world of mythic Finland.
The 2nd case solved by Torin ban Wyvald & Danthres Tresyllione of the Cliff's End Castle Guard--sequel to "When the Magick Goes Away."
A Long Island mobster sets off a turf war with a gang of undead criminals led by a hipster vampire. Say hello to my little fiend.
The Future of Literature is "Everything, by Everyone". The Newgrounds Writing Anthology of Short Stories and Poetry. Awesome.
For anyone who’s had to move and start a new life. A bridge between the young and the old and everyone in between.
I write. Some answer. Sometimes I bring the funny. Sometimes I am serious. Sometimes you can tell the difference.

jackassletters.com
Angels and demons fight for possession of human souls in a realm that overlaps our own, which side are you on?
Raising money to raise hell and to steal books into society. Pre-order your copy now. Finance near-criminal fiction. Beautiful scowling desolation.
Apocalypse and zombies and airships, oh my!  Come support the publication of the first book in an exciting fantasy/horror trilogy.
Gary's Grandpa has been turned into a zombie by a bloodstained cigarette. They must cross the country where it seems that everyone's out to get them.
Print edition of best-selling steampunk mystery novelette collection
A man with a promising future is destroyed by drugs and the murder of his wife, reinvention is the key...now it's time for revenge!
The Species of Blessing Avenue is a collection of three novelettes from the Blessing Avenue setting.
Aesthetically Human is a 70 page metaphorical mix of tales exploring aspects of the human experience and its inevitable conclusion.
Thirty pieces of sudden fiction about discovering beauty in discarded or forgotten paintings, prints, and people.
This piece of historical fiction, based on a true story, tells the tale of a young American soldier during WWI.
Keepin' it free for commuters and dog-walkers everywhere: the next "Emperor's Edge" audiobook by fantasy author Lindsay Buroker.
Under My Skin is story that explores one woman's journey through her sexuality and gender in an entertaining narrative.
An adventure story, a combination of the Da Vinci Code, and Indiana Jones. Alien artifacts, evil pursuers, and high adventure.
This novel follows the McAllen/Cavenaugh family as they reel from One Unexpected Event and are transformed and redefined by it.
We are The Soon-To-Be Pretentious Writers Club. With your help we can publish our 2nd collection of original short stories!
Armed with nothing more than a pencil, two dice and an eraser, do you have the skill and wits to thrive in an hostile galaxy?
Meet Barry Glick, a middle-aged Superhero with X-Ray-Vision, Super-Strength, and a mullet. He thought he'd retired twenty years ago ...
What if God created human life on other planets? Do they look to the Heavens and wait for us to stare back? This is the plot of Fenar.
The Hospital is my first Novella. Originally published on Kindle, but lots of you wanted a proper book. So here is your chance.
DON’T LET THEM IN –  Six tales of terror from the creative mind of Elizabeth Fields.
Made the Amazon Best Seller List in horror
Jenny Hickman, an aspiring author, is seeking funding to self-publish  a mystery/romance novel entitled The Mirrors at Barnard Hall.
Reese Eddings didn't sign up to save a space elf prince from slavers. Sadly, life doesn't always go the way you plan...
Viral website turned coffee table book - A collection of snarky insights into the life of a Seattle barista.
New Book-Action-packed adventure on a future colony of Earth, complete with mutant monsters, nanotech, young love, and secret missions.
FT (24) & Susanna (16) meet by chance on a parkbench in Central Park; their chemistry sustains their 50 years of love & the unexpected.
Send a writer to the Clarion Writers' Workshop and get a cool book out of it.
A novel about Gods, Demons, Mecha and High School.  The novel is nearing completion but it still needs art.
A third programming room for Foolscap, a science fiction convention for people who love books and art, and for people who create them.
Kylie leads a double life: college student by day and criminal at night. That changes when high school flame Matt re-enters her life.
I'm self-publishing my latest novel, "I, Monster," and I am raising funds for professional editing!
Please help turn the manuscript for my 2nd novel, Breaking The Girl, into a real book. Your help buys the book cover & print proofs!
Airship Isabella is creating a series of small illustrated novellas, the first featuring the Captain, “Cedric Greyhawk Whittaker”.
The Denver Demon is the first in a series of supernatural thrillers written by Donovan Edwards.
The 1st book in a series of fantasy novels for ages 9+ about a young angel, a young devil, and what happens when they join forces.
A funny and touching story about an American journalist's struggle to make it in South Africa's alluringly duplicitous fashion industry
The MX Book of New Sherlock Holmes Stories broke all records in 2015. To celebrate the launch of the school here is Volume IV.
A fiction anthology filled with Roller Derby, nightclubs, glam aliens, (literal) party monsters, drugs, sex, glitter, debauchery, etc
Rx: A Tale of Electronegativity is a serial science fiction novel by Robert Brockway, released in three episodes.
A thriller and a love story, I'm looking to bring my 2nd novel into the 'realm of the real' with a limited edition paperback print run.
East meets West, vampires suck chi, magic follows the Tao and grandma aims for world domination!
Each month you will receive a new short story written by me. At the end of the year, I'll collect these stories into a single book.
A web-based serial novel experience to revive that good ole literary style and creatively market a novel written for a broad audience.
Roland Merullo wants to raise money for publicity and printing costs to publish Lunch with Buddha with a small publishing house.
A lovelorn nerd wanders into a wine tasting that turns on his taste buds and forever changes his life. Fun, hangovers and murder ensue.
The international Willesden Herald short story competition's best new short stories 2013
I intend to write a serialized young adult novel titled "Showdown at the Burnt Creek Café," releasing it a chapter at a time this fall.
A Paranormal romance infused with mystery/crime. How can you convince someone their dead, when they dont even remember who they are?
Picasso Painted Dinosaurs is a collection of microfiction by Decater Collins, with artwork by Mike Simon.
First book in a tale of ancient “Gods” that come to earth in search of precious resources, but instead find ghosts from their own past.
A novel about looking for love and happiness in Israel.
Take a journey through an England tinged by magic and horror, where a class reunion can turn deadly and a found egg can hatch wonder.
The third book by Cristy Fossum in the Sunday by Sunday series, small town church fiction, is just about ready for publishing.
an anthology of humorous vampires stories and other tales.
It's 2125.  Despite the Upheavals that decimated the human population in the 21st Century, humanity not only survives, but transforms.
They were best friends. Blood brothers. Thirty-five years ago. Now Michael has come back, and no one knows what he is looking for.
A failed marriage proposal sends a man off the deep end, where he forms and unlikely bond - with a lobster.
Game of Thrones meets BSG. With the World-Eater fast approaching and the Inferi on the rise, will the Descendants save Ironhelm?
I'm writing a novel called Tremendous Foresight, and you can write it too. Collaborate with me on some crowd-sourced literature.
Helix Riders pairs the magic of science with the power of persistence as fourteen year old Perrin discovers prehistoric connections.
A tale of love, loss, and endurance, that focuses on what happens when Bryson Miller gets caught in the crossfire of the old gods.
Three women, their lives separated 5000 years. All conquered by love.
A scifi anthology of twenty stories by authors new and established about space colonists interacting with alien planets and peoples.
The continued adventures of agents Max and Miranda as they attempt to save Earth and each other. Sequel to Tritium Gambit.
Lesbian Werewolves! Oh yes!
Harrison Robert Mawk died in 2063, leaving behind a series of notebooks. This volume dates from the 20th century's early decades.
Be the first to read three new ebooks and help make those stories available in hardcover and audio formats. (Closed Captions Provided)
Everyone's heard of the Princess and the Pea, but this tale's been rewritten into a story of romance, pirates, and murderous revenge.
Jordan and Tim are experts in the fields of human interaction and behavioral study. We wrote an awesome book about it, check it out!
A contest for Science Fiction/Fantasy short stories inspired by recent scientific discoveries. Get the winning entries in print!
The New Hero is an anthology of genre-crossing fiction from the makers of Trail of Cthulu, first of many.
A young woman in the near future must decide if she will leave her world behind to follow Christ. Divergent meets Pilgrim's Progress.
A novel told from a facebook timeline. A story about finding love, heartbreak and how social media is changing the way we live.
The book is finished and it's time to get printed! We need as much help as possible to get funded for publishing. Anything helps.
A literary debut by a young writer who wants to touch other young lives. 
Human turned ghost Terra returns for another series of murders as she desperately seeks out her killer, and abductor of her best friend
Alyssa Bennett is tormented with chronic, hellish nightmares and a past that will forever change her small hometown.
Novel from TV and MOVIE Screenwriter (Law & Order).
LIES IN BLOOD is a Murder Mystery Thriller with a hint of Sci-Fi
A YA Fantasy novel about two young siblings who are born into a secret society of Monster Hunters.
My dad's first novel is complete but he needs funding help to get the book  into stores. You can help make it happen!
Roman was born without a father so he made one up.  Read more about this (sort of) true novel and pre-order with a $10 donation.
Taversia's at it again. Join us in bringing you Countess, the Sequel to Viscountess, the #Steampunk novel you all know and love.
Politics, protest, youth and a photograph: a moment snatched out of time and five people caught in the tumult of power.
My Own Mr. Darcy is a full-length women's fiction novel. It is finished. All that's left is acquiring inventory for a successful launch
The "3Day Novel Contest" is a test not only of literally skill but of personal fortitude. I'm tackling the challenge for a second time.
A tense relational drama/mystery, Conundrum already has great reviews online as an eBook by multipublished author C. S. Lakin.
The Chronicles is the first book in the epic fantasy world of Risenholme! History's greatest bard travels through a strange new world
Monday and the Murdered Man is a fun and funny 360 page Urban Fantasy-Noir, Murder-Mystery Adventure novel. Help me self-publish!
10 years after earth's destruction, a reluctant hero leads a team of black ops misfits across the galaxy bent on vengeance - pulp novel
ALPHASHOCK is a serialized sci-fi epic that chronicles the missions of elite soldiers patrolling an overpopulated Chicago in 3481.
Do you have the courage to ask "What if?"  
What if Roe vs. Wade were overturned?  
Would we solve the issue or make it worse?
A pulse-pounding thriller of brutal men and the cost of super-villainy! Help make this 21st century pulp short-story an ebook!
Spooky artwork, scary clowns & psychic dreams propel Sabrina on a perilous ride of Technicolor evil & do-or-die determination.
An alchemist discovers she’s an experiment bred for war. 
Her revenge might bring the downfall for the clan she's trying to save.
The raw and hilarious escapade of one man's journey across the Western US. Suave Man Blues is the debut novel by Thomas D. Mulhern, Jr.
George Washington fights a dragon in my upcoming all-ages fantasy novel! It deserves an audiobook version.
A bleak, emotional short story about science and parenthood.
A Portland, Oregon-based novel that deals with identity: gender, age, class, occupation/ vocation, and how to be one's own best self.
Gaston had looked upstream and downstream of the river, and wondered how far it extended in each direction. He had never left home...
A coming of age story set in a Texas college. Poetry, aliens, telepathy, a homeless psychic and more. Half autobiography, half fantasy.
A love story on horseback, set in one of Virginia's most catastrophic storms.
Can life be awesome during a zombie apocalypse? Maybe for the undead, because it's hard on the living.
$20 pledge + Campaign Success = You own the book. A tragicomic novel about counterculture, Middle America, cancer, and dudeness.
Sex, drugs, & punk rock. This novel is not for the faint of heart. Irreverent, provocative, and unexpectedly feminist.
It's the novel you play. It's the book that's a game. VIDYA BOOKS presents...  The book, as reimagined by video game makers.
An illustrated book of ghost encounters woven into historical fiction, and conjured into a live multimedia theatrical performance.
This is a small collection of my short stories and poems that are knocking on the door of my heart....to break out and meet the world.
I try to see my books as a window into the past, as paintings which come to life and bring history to life.
America votes: keep or terminate.  Reality TV taken to the extreme.  A book that you can't put down... help me get this novel launched!
Ethan Dempsey, author of 13 Treasures and Grain of Truth, is readying the thrilling third and final entry in the 13 Treasures Trilogy.
The Reanimation Library Coffer Builder is a way for people who are unable to attend the library's December 1st Fundraiser to support the library.
A collection of short stories entitled "Black Girl Abroad" based on race relations and interractions in a foreign country.
Help us print an 80-page Chooseomatic book to give away at game shops for Free RPG Day!
I have always wanted to be an author, so I decided to write a book of short stories. Help me make this dream a reality in 20 days!
The long-delayed conclusion to the Redemption Trilogy -- in which four heroes face their world's most dangerous villain.
The epic conclusion to the Ronin Trilogy. Demons, magic swords, samurai, ninja, intrigue and Mongol hordes. Banzai!
It's Diary of a Wimpy Kid meets Best In Show! Reality *really* bites.
Dark and Broken Things is the new novel from John Mulhall, author of the supernatural thriller Geddy's Moon
Conspiracy theories. Political intrigue. Insider trading. Killer flu. Deadly vaccines. Zombie rats. This satirical thriller has it all.
The Sage trilogy is an epic tale set in a fantasy world!
What if, through modern science, we had the power to bring Jesus back to life?
If You Love Somebody Set Them Free!  A fantastic story of freedom won during the fall of the Iron Curtain in 1989.
A limited private printing (150 copies) of a small (4" x 6") book of twelve pieces of short, quirky fiction, written and designed by the author.
I've given this series my all. Help me publish it with the professionalism it deserves.
Alex Ramirez has been captured by enemies of Earth. As Earth forces plan a rescue, Alex plans his escape from the alien prison.
Help an aspiring author bring horror to life.
A warped coming of age tale set in a northern California town-If Mark Twain or Ray Bradbury had grown up listening to the Sex Pistols
Doing what I love! A writing residency on a beautiful island in the Puget Sound for the month of January to finish my first novel.
Bring to life a fantastic world of action, romance, and intrigue. Order The Gift-Knight's Quest in digital or paperback.
I want to get my novel published, not for the money, but to help others discover the joy of reading and exploring new worlds.
From the author of The Winds of Khalakovo comes the concluding volume in The Lays of Anuskaya trilogy
Bigger, Bloodier and Bolder...Describes the latest illustrated anthology in the "Ing the Viking" series!
Help publish the second book in the hit suspense thriller trilogy "Sins of the Father," by New Orleans author Leo King!
If I get $330, I'll release a 3,300 word story to everyone. "Shrimp" is about kids, divorce and the martial arts.
Let me send you a postcard from Erik the Red's house in Iceland, and support me writing my speculative fiction love story.
Join WanderVerse! An interactive web novel where you provide the ideas and I provide the words!
"Dying Days 2" extreme zombie novella by Armand Rosamilia
Beastmaster meets The Count of Monte Cristo in this popcorn fantasy novel of revenge, power, and love.
A middle grade novel that grows up, written and illustrated by Heidi Mayo
The dynamic duo returns with their second installment of the Five Year War series rekindling the art and style of 80s RPG-based fantasy
Family Forever is a five book family saga series covering five generations. It is full of conflict and real family issues.
I am writing my first novel which I plan to release as an ebook first. Possible trilogy. Excerpt at www.jdroxburgh.com
Indy Publishing my first novel, a Post Apocalyptic Adventure! Meteor strikes, mutant herds, and a bad-ass problem-solver named Clutch!
Large fine-art print and accompanying pamphlet collection created to celebrate the 2013 bicentenary of Pride and Prejudice.
Challenging and dark crime fiction by the genre's most talented writers, both new and established.
Revenge is not a crime in this suspenseful legal thriller which uncovers the corruption which has spread throughout the legal system.
Return to innocence and the summer of 1979. |  Follow Annie across the social spaces in this all-inclusive fiction experience!
Co-fund the printing of this debut novel and the distribution of books to reviewers nationwide.
A joke-cracking nun and her reluctant protégé seek out a fledgling time travel technology in alternate-history, 1800s San Francisco.
PEN/Faulkner Award-winning author's novel set in Turkey: scenic, adventurous, great characters, Sufism, politics, bombings, local wars.
Are you the type of patron who'll help me publish "Mother Fracker" & see it land on the World's Great Bookshelves -- including yours?
An historical novel about the first immigrants to mine the Mesabi Iron Range, and the lasting community they built.
An anthology of Military SF, exploring how warfare might affect the soldiers and civilians of tomorrow. FUNDED!
Going for Kona is a romantic mystery by award-winning, bestselling author Pamela Fagan Hutchins, for 10/2014 release.
I am a self-published author. I love writing and decided to pull a few if my first books. They were never professionally edited.
We need funding for a trilogy of books that embraces (not disgraces) Christian principles, family values, and the American Dream.
Three strangers are unwittingly drawn to their nemesis during a weird, wigged-out road trip across New Zealand.
Kung Fu, Tea and one man's journey to finding himself.
The novel gives a riveting and chilling fictional account of the war over the hydrofracking gas boom sweeping North America.
An enthralling revitalization of an old subgenre, D.T.D.: Home Invasion brings the beloved multi-ending horror to a mature audience.
Her sister swore that she would never let her die; now the entire world may pay the price.

Get your hands on Erekos - in print!
Sarah is a seemingly ordinary teenager until she is visited by a magical creature who reveals her legacy and, ultimately, her destiny.
NORMAL: Book One is a psychological thriller by author K.M. Kinsley. We are raising funds to have it printed in paperback!
This publication is our first work as a group. Your support will help this compilation of short stories and poetry come to life.
Help bring to life a new novel by the author of A SHORT HISTORY OF A SMALL PLACE, CRY ME A RIVER, JERUSALEM GAP, and SEAWORTHY.
Liberty is no longer Free -- How far will you go to protect your children when the government decides you are now their property?
Unique, powerful novel that engages love, religion, spirituality, & sexuality through realistic characters.
Help fund my first book, Spring Chicken's Revenge: Tall Tales and Small Stories, feel good about yourself and win my love!
Queer teens' lives are full-bellied, finger-snapping, hip-popping, knee-smacking. Except in most mainstream fiction.
Vuto is banished from her Malawian village at 17. Her husband finds her with a volunteer, who kills him to protect Vuto. The women run.
Seventeen-year-old Bradalynn Collier is used to seeing everyone’s dreams, apart from her own.
A fantasy novel about coming of age, alternate worlds, magical powers, ancient secrets, incredible destiny, and conquering fear.
The story of Letho Ferron continues as he at last returns to his home planet, and discovers the fate of the once great Hastrom City.
The Amish Appeal is a romance novel, fun fiction that is educational and entertaining.
Big Bang Press is a small independent publisher located in the US and UK, representing emerging talent from the fan writing community.
Help us publish the SECOND book of steampunk short stories from New Babbage - the sooty SecondLife City-Nation.
Don't let this kind of creativity get buried under the glut of 'things'.  Check this out. Reward is worth more than donation!
Hi! I have a 41,000 word fiction manuscript that needs to be copy-edited before I can proceed to self-publish on Amazon Kindle.
Where “perpendiculars,” opposite-sex couples, are forbidden, Chris Bryant, a preacher’s son, finds himself in love...with a girl.
This is a work of fiction that closely mimics a domestically abusive marriage that spanned eight years of my life.
Cobweb Bride is the Nebula Award nominated author's much-anticipated first new major fantasy novel in a decade.
A fantasy novel about a female soldier, Adrienne, on a journey to unlock a special ability and help end a centuries-old war.
An amazing story of redemption that takes place at Stung Meanchey, the largest waste dump in Cambodia. Inspired by real events.
Many of you have asked about the book that helped spark our love story and popular YouTube video. Here is your chance to get a copy!
Fantasy Scroll Magazine publishes science fiction, fantasy, horror, and paranormal short stories, including micro and flash fiction.
Join me in creating a new type of novel based on collaborative writing. There is no telling where this book will begin or end.
The Shores of the Dead is a Trilogy of Zombie books that I have been working on for the last 2 years and trying to self publish.
We all know the story of Rapunzel.  Here's the classic tale from the guy's point of view.
Hi. I've written a novel called The Fourteenth Colony and some songs to go with along with it. Will you help me get it out?
Turn the novel Silver Smoke into a series of videos for YouTube using text, images, live-action, and music.
Peppermint Lightning is a novel about Christmas magic & how a small family & a few special friends save it from fading. It needs you!
12 more issues of new, unique short fiction from progressive press Crossed Genres, with higher pay rates for authors!
Co-publish my next book with me. In Temple Mount, Alex Kalman finds himself heir to the secret of the lost Ark of the Covenant.
The crazed personal diary of a mythical adventurer, rumless and marooned on a baffling island.
Your body can pre-order this terrifying anthology of blood-chilling stories, but can your brain deal with the horrors it contains?
Volume One: 1,138 trivia questions from the "Original Trilogy". Two more volumes to come on the "Prequel Trilogy" and "Clone Wars".
Help me make my dreams come true by helping me publish my first novel. You won't want to put this story down!
This book is a compelling story filled with love, laughter, pain, grief, vengeance, forgiveness, and hope.  You should read it.
Fun Stories & Blurbs about the NYC Subay. A satirical coffee table book.
Life is uncertain, and the chance to get a peek into the future is tempting... but is it a good idea to look?  A new fiction anthology.
You and Norwood Press are publishing the limited hardcover edition of SPECTRUM (a Karen Vail novel) by Alan Jacobson
An inspirational novel written by a fifteen year old about growing up and forming a team in the heart of New York City.
The Range is a graphic novel following two old men and one young boy on an quest to find 'The Beast' in the Old West. 
Reality is being traded on the black market by the mysterious quantum butcher, Jack the Butterfly. scifi/weird
Bring FALL SEMESTER to print. This romance novel set in Lafayette, LA tells the hopeful love story of a professor and grad student.
The final novel in the Mad Science Institute trilogy as well as an unabridged audio book of the first novel.
A tale of myth, mystery ... and a past long forgotten. Become a part of the publishing team for the upcoming debut novel, THE FIRST.
An anthology of humorous stories in the science fiction, fantasy, and horror genres.
An army deserter adrift in a war-torn African country struggles to redeem himself so he can go home.
A surreal science fiction horror novel I wrote. I've been told to release it in print. If I don't, the world will be eaten by monsters.
ALWAYS WANT MORE is an urban love story—think Love Jones meets Freedom Writers meets New Jack City.
Homicide detective Jack Sheridan confronts the demons of his past and in the process unravels a deadly 2,000 year old mystery.
I will write a Drabble for you featuring any entertainment franchise of your choice, for only $1!
Cover art and, potentially, an audio book for a thought-provoking post-apocalyptic science fiction series (1,350 pages).
I'm finally publishing my novella, "Bookshop" and it will include 8 other horror short stories, some never published.  Help me fund it!
Ancient mysteries, marvels and piracies, sentient starships--it's a space opera!
A science fiction novel of action, suspense, and humor set in the far-flung present day.
A collection of short stories, non-fiction, and poetry about the things that make us become who we are.
Watch two bestselling authors write a book LIVE in 30 days (from nothing to print) and change how the world thinks about storytelling.
I think of this novel as a literary chemistry experiment where I put two people from different worlds together and watch what happens.
The first full length novel from Reno author Robert L. Davis, a previous Kindle bestseller! Romance and sci-fi blended to perfection!
Raising funds for publicist retainer and publishing fees for YA coming of age fiction based on the Colville Indian Reservation, WA
Six teenagers come of age in this vibrant, sometimes shocking novel about growing up in the age of video arcades and roller discos!
A new science fiction novel based on the Mark Time and Parsec Award-winning audio series, The Arbiter Chronicles.
A collection of Speculative Fiction written while studying under luminaries of Science Fiction, Fantasy, and other genre bending work.
Last year, I completed my first novel, The Circumstance of Marriage. Now I need your help to get an editor to get it published!
Daylight Dims Volume 2 will contain thirteen stories that cross the genres of surreal horror, dark fantasy, and heart pounding dread.
THINNER -  A new hybrid of scientific fact and fiction. Smart. Sexy. Fun. Novel.
"I Died Once" is a Novella I'm Looking to Get Edited, and Self Publish in July, 2012.
A digital audio production from Little Leviathans & Crazy Daisy Productions
Serialized memoirs of a London based male escort. Funding for production of the Omnibus in paperback for readers and reviewers.
This book deserves to be done right, but doing it right has costs. Editing and illustrating, publicity... Help do this book up right.
Deathless is a work of anthropomorphic fiction where each page is 500 words. It's inspired by works from such authors as Stephen King and Dean Koontz.
"Eros & Lavinia" has been produced twice (1999 & 2001)  This printing is unique, numbered & containing illustrations from the author
BUSH & OBAMA battle Zombies! For sophisticated readers who like a dose of blood'n'guts on the side.
Solindra can control the fifth element, aether, and suddenly she is the most valuable piece on a playing field that is in civil war.
Reviving the old school shared world anthology model with a fresh core of award-wining authors and artists.
Elijah Raven has an extraordinary gift—or to him—a curse. Animals communicate with him about the evil they see. And he must act.
The third installment in the Everything Under urban fantasy series featuring the adventures of the Body & Soul duo of John Flicker.
Our economy crashes, China takes control. Can one game bring us back to our former glory or will it cause the final world war?
I'm going to spend a month on the road in the mindset of someone with schizophrenia while I write the second draft of my book.
Jeffery Rowan and C Ryan Hart are seeking funding for the editing and publishing of their debut science fiction thriller.
An urban SciFi set in the UK showing Kalla's difficulties of escape as a POW, the suffering of PTSD and the effect on those around her.
"Them" is Dennis Vogen's debut novel; a sci-fi, road trip story about family, love, pain and growing up during an alien invasion.
This is a novella about the struggle of loosing a loved one to suicide: examining the process of coping and moving forward.
Bring award-winning creepy-fiction author Elizabeth Donald to a town near you, and be part of releasing her new novella!
For a first foray into the publishing world, this author brings a memoir-style story alive with sharp dialogue and loveable characters.
In the nowhere town of Mojo, there is a truce, there is a Council, and there is Black Betty; a killer of men-a Dystopic Samurai Western
I'm self-publishing my 2nd book in the trilogy so that I have more control and give more back to the reader. - Faster TAT and freebies!
Sorority Sister Sleuths is a Visual Novel about 3 recent college graduates encountering mystery and romance on a summer trip to Europe!
Pay me $250 and I'll give away a short science fiction story, to everyone, forever. Pay me more and get two other stories too!
Part one of the series of Gaius Marius, Rome's third founder. Historical basis, fiction embellished. Thriller á la C. Iggulden.
12-year old Peter is knocked unconscious & awakes unable to speak normal English. He can only speak Shakespeare. What to do?
A fantastical steampunk series full of magick, blood, loyalty, deceit, with a supernatural twist.
A web of short stories follows a young couple as they find themselves inextricably linked to a series of paranormal events.
The epic, illustrated reworking of the legend of Gelert the wolfhound and Prince Llewelyn in a sprawling, dog-infested medieval mystery
From fallacy to honesty, from flight to confrontation, the Rewritten arc cuts a swathe through a unique and complex fantasy world.
A psychological horror story about smart, rational people...not typical horror movie idiots.
A smart book full of puzzles, natural science, mystery, humor, and a real sense of risk all wrapped up in a wonderful fantasy romp.
Book 2 in the Unbound Series: Jude moves on with her life when Sam does not return. Meanwhile, Sam fights be allowed to fall for Jude.
Be an "Apparitioner" and help get "The Apparition Trilogy" published. It's the YA series that's not just for YA readers!
I am Elizabeth J Kolodziej and I am the indie author and publisher of the paranormal romance, The Last Witch Series.
A collection of vignettes that tells the story of life in the barrios of Caracas, Venezuela and a missionary's search for God's purpose
These aren't stories about sunspots.
Finishing a fictionalized memoir on true love, plant spirits, the art world, motherhood & a matriarchal secret lineage
The Dzanc Books rEprint Series is dedicated to publishing great works of contemporary literature that have not been done as eBooks yet.
Redesign website (www.mattkeefer.com) and print out copies of The Keeper of Dreams by Matthew Keefer.
£500 = limited print run of debut novel. More pledges = more signed copies to give pledgers.
I need $400 to hire a highly recommended professional editor to read and edit my novel about love, music, and Peace Corps Lesotho.
Peril, cunning, romance! Follow this pirate captain's adventures on the high seas -- and the clues to her treasure!
Please help me get the cover and such I need to release the dark urban fantasy novel Know Thy Frienemy, the sequel to Destiny's Kiss.
Hi, I'm Yolanda, the publisher of "A Storm in Memphis". Come join us and help us produce an audiobook version of Hero Jenkins' new book
A story of Nat and Danby, best friends, who join together for exciting adventures that end in a quest to win the hand of the princess.
They ran away from home, but home won't let go. Third and final novel in the award-winning Hive Queen Saga.
A novel about a "transplant tourism" director named 
New York Jack and the global black market for organs.
A novel set under the night sky weaves the mythical tale of a celestial constellation with a family saga of love, loss and liberation.
They say you shouldn't judge a book by its cover, but a strong book cover speaks wordlessly of the story within.
Announcing the launch of Sordelet Ink! Rick Sordelet is teaming with author David Blixt to promote the first of many scripts and books!
A full cast audiobook production to premier Gail Carriger's new Y.A. science fiction adventure, Crudrat.
After a year in digital format, Nightflower is now available in print. My goal is to get 100 print copies for local distribution.
The journal of a guy who goes into the woods to rename the birds: full of illustrations, whimsy and birds.
A boy who periodically develops abilities akin to an RPG character for no apparent reason. He then proceeds to influence world events.
Twelve episodes of a story to arrive each week through the summer. Using story elements from supporters, I weave a fun cautionary tale.
If I get a mere $500, everyone everywhere gets access to a 5,000 word short story.
Eduli Springs is an affluent suburb of Atlanta, GA  along the Chattahoochee River, home to All-American families ... and vampires.
A good-hearted drifter in a kooky subterranean future must enter a battle tournament based on the rules of chess to save his family.
This year, I plan to WIN the 3-Day Novel Writing Contest, which takes place over Labor Day Weekend (Sept 3-5, 2011).
Memoirist Ariel Gore is exploring beauty, '70s pop culture, '80s love, & first cigarettes with a novella illustrated by Summer Pierre.
Here are 49 brilliant little stories darting among the feet of publishing's dinosaurs. Can you stand to let them be squashed?
Inspired by the images of Brom and RK Post, this Dark Fantasy novel travels the erotic labyrinths of netherworld fantasy.
Project to produce a special limited edition paperback of the art-noir novel Mickey The Mimic by Kirk Lake.
A supernatural political book series layered in its many mysteries. We apologize in advance for the many oddities readers will unravel.
Doctor Daedalus and the Devil's Army, is my first (Fantasy) Steampunk novel to be self-published in December of 2012.
Little Deadly Things is a sci-fi thriller for people who don't read thrillers. And for those who do.
Writing a wonderful little book is only half the story. Bringing it to print completes the work and puts it in the hands of favored readers, like you!
100 stories for 100 fans. $10 = 1 story. $1 = read ALL the stories. Book sales support the author.
Help the world discover them.They are on line, I want to get them into the stores.Funds will go to publishing, distributing & promoting
One man's search for happiness in the "happiest" country in the world
A guide to the vampires, fairies, witches, & the spirit world of European Folklore for writers and dreamers.
A short story featuring Tank from the DEATHLESS universe!
Story about a girl who lives on the roof of a castle – help me give it cover art!
Zombies mean what they moan. Do you know what they're moaning about? We do, so we're writing the BIG book of zombie-speak.
Help us provide FREE copies of KEAGON to libraries and readers in your community!!  Want a free book?  Let us know!
Graphic artists, comic book illustrators, and fantasy map makers create a full-color book of inspiration for young adults.
Send us to Emerald City Comic Con so that our character BLACK IRISH can be discovered by a large fan base
Discover a rich fantasy world of heroism and honor! Help publish the third novel in the Erdemen Honor series.
Join a battle across the centuries against the immortal evil of.. Dracula! 1st book in a new action packed sci-fi & horror series.
Convert my horror novel "Mask of the Other" to an audiobook.
A Novel Examining the True Cost of Unbridled Ambition. Inspired by a Real-Life Story of Secrets, Sex, Lies, and Political Corruption.
My debut novel about family and faith. To quote one of my students, "This novel is To Kill A Mockingbird meets Harry Potter."
Historical gothic romance serials every two weeks in your inbox. Welcome to Sorrowmoor.
I wrote a book. I'm raising money to get my draft professionally edited. #Hippodrome The Nika Riots
I have written my first novel, and I am preparing for my book launch!
History for those disliking history. Combat for those not liking war stories. Unlikely heroes. And its true--or could be.
Four commonplace events are connected by an unnoticed and sinister thread.  Fund it and I'll release it under a Creative Commons license.
A novel several years in the making, Fishbones is a story about growing up, friendship, and sometimes the mob.
Bram Stoker Award-nominated author Jeremy C. Shipp is hard at work on a new horror book called ATTIC CLOWNS, and he needs your support.
One reviewer wrote about Casey Barnes, and I quote, "Casey is my favorite main character of all time."
Game of Thrones goes to high school in this new fantasy novel series!
I’m raising funds to self-publish my urban fantasy/horror novel, The Zombie Axiom. Any help would be greatly appreciated.
Angels. Spaceships. Love. Battles. Redemption. Betrayal. A galaxy at war — and the fascinating characters within — awaits you.
My very first book is getting published! I am raising funds for my artist and advertisement fees. I will match the amount we raise.
With a grant from the Elizabeth George Foundation I've completed a literary novel.  Will you help me get it published?
Anthology of ten short stories. Intended to provoke smiles and hmms. Antidote to previous collection (They All Die At The End).
Unlock the door. Wake up the world.
Book 1 of three Finn learns her normal life has been built on a bed of Supernatural lies she has only begun to uncover
A fully illustrated book about a sailor on a wild journey to the edge of the known world. A tale for the curious explorer in everyone!
An impetuous young mage named Kalara angers a local necromancer, then hires a devil to help take him out.
Help Mike E. G. publish his cyberpunk novel with original soundtrack and illustrations!
Nicholas Nicastro goes inside the story of America's first serial killers, the "family" that terrorized travelers in 1870's Kansas.
"Utter Nonsense; Tales from the Other Side," is an 80,000 word collection consisting of 16 short stories by Timothy Blutstein.
Sonder is the realization everyone around you has their own life. Clara realizes this at a young age, and it stays with her forever.
A chapbook/mixtape/audiobook for the lost-in-the-world "young adult" in you.
Editing & cover fundrasier for Damian's Immortal, the third book in the War of Gods series. Campaign includes exclusive rewards.
If I get $1000, I release a 9500 word novella about cannibalism, kung fu, and poor choices on New Years' Eve to everyone, for free.
Let's stop Amazon's Audiobook Monopoly. We're building an Online Library with 55K Titles that will be affordable, with 70% Off Retail.
Paying for an editorial review, the first step in the editing process!
This story is about a young man, who by becoming a monster discovers what it means to be human.
Dandruff is a book I wrote over the course of the last two years. It is 67,000 words long. Like most books, it is about problems.
BECAUSE EVERY GREAT WRITER DESERVES TO BE PUBLISHED AND EVERY GREAT BOOK DESERVES TO BE READ!
Help fund production and promotion for the third novel in the Amazon-bestselling Erin Solomon mystery series.
The PENPAL story has received a great deal of attention around the internet. I've revised and expanded it; now I want to publish it.
The ultra-violent detective Reid Hollow is back in the second novel in his series. Donors will get this Kickstarter only cover edition.
A funny, spooky new "Monsters and Other Childish Things" roleplaying game book by Benjamin Baugh, with art by Robert Mansperger. 
Suseya Ediciones presenta: "Cielo de cromo" un librojuego Cyberpunk con tintes noir. "Muerte entre las nubes" una aventura Steampunk.
An unconventional sci-fi thriller to be published for e-readers and paperback!
My novel, The Plotseer, has been through three different phases of scrutiny. Before it's released, I'd like to put it through one more.
When monsters rule the City of Angels, the only human detective in town has a devil of a job to do.
A humorous story about love, lust, religion and tradition as the West seduces the East in desert city, Dubai. Nothing is what it seems!
Contenders or So Much Loneliness and Despair is a novella that is about boxing and also not about boxing.
A Young Adult novel that explores friendship, family, and the nature of abuse. It will be available as an eBook and a print copy.
sometimes the only way to make it, is to make it magical.
I'm writing a book LIVE based in Boise, Idaho... You can be part of it!
Help me publish my first novel! A thrill ride following two young adults as they battle the status quo of the most powerful nation!
Stranded on a foreign space station! Our heroes must take back their stolen FTL drive. Somehow.
Harold was an imp who wanted to become human. He found a way to transform himself and join humanity. Humanity however came with a price
An erotic SF novel-in-stories. In the midst of interstellar war, life (and sex) continues on the mixed human & alien university planet.
This is a project for anyone that enjoys fantasy novels and yearns to see new, quality writing in a new setting.
100-page short story book. Includes novella "The Vampire & The Gargoyle." Rewards from Brett Weldele, Nate Powell & Mike Watt!
Join Gerald, a knight in training, on his adventure across the world of Ateon.
I'm working on getting my 3rd novel published. It is the third in my "Comic Books, Heavy Metal, & Video Games" trilogy. Now Video Games
Keely Allison wants to prove the existence of ghosts, demons, & other bumps in the night, but everyone and everything wants to stop her
When a father finally gets his young son out, the Newman Home will do anything to reclaim the boy and complete their experiment.
A taxi driver with a family legacy to fulfil, is propelled into a world of drugs, addicts and crime lords. Will he win, or lose it all?
This is the books first review, I will let it speak for the book:

"Kenn Baker's Endless Night is not the average vampire book. This is
All My Friends are Zombies is an illustrated guide to the human side of the living dead.
The Declaration shows you the Revolution through the eyes of a South Carolina tobacco farmer and his family.
Follow Cameron, a young girl fresh out of high school as she begins her journey. Not understanding the rush in being decisive at 18, sh
A prince and a peasant switched at birth, an evil sorcerer, a curse, and a pretty girl - what more could you need in a book?
Publish The Hunted, The Dame and The Interloper in one volume.
My goal is to raise $300 to have 50 copies of my book printed for those people who don't have e-readers. Won't you help?
An unsure hero is thrown into a life he isn't prepared for and must race against time to save his mother's life.
Desert High is a novel about high school football, test flight and time travel. The main character goes back in time to correct a game.
Temptation and war guide three brothers and their relationships with each other.
A spirited collection of humorous and often poignant Flash Fiction stories on life, love, divorce, and dating.
As a Civil War author of the Renegade Series, I would like to capture the Gettysburg 150th Anniversary for a book trailer.
A politically charged comedy novel by J Kent Preyer about gay marriage in the unique city of Nashville, Tennessee.
"Crescendo!" - a novel which through two diverse interlocked men, challenges the way we play with the fire that is the paranormal.
Small Things is my dark urban fantasy novel set in the small town of Carthage, Illinois, circa 1975. Help me publish it!
A near-completed novel about art, music, literature, television, sex, alcohol, therapy, and loss. And it's full of swear words!
A collection of fantastical short stories about coffee (and tea!), short enough to read on your coffee break.
Addictarium is the heroin abuse & recovery memoir written about the time author Nicole D'settēmi, spent in a therapeutic community.
Have you ever wondered why you dream? 

Follow Ben as he works with his Seraph (guardian angel) in circumstances never seen before.
This book has helped me creatively express the negative emotions I've dealt with after going through a devastating experience in 2010.
Get a short story of your very own...starring you! Or be a character in my new Steampunk Romance novel! Great rewards for your pledge.
Rising Sun is the first book in a three-part fiction series about the incredible true story of Pompey the Great (ages 16 through 26).
A smart tale about a young woman's stormy life, legendary legs and mother's illness with illustrations by Philly artist Monique Ligons
Help HILOBROW.COM serialize THE BALLAD OF COCKY THE FOX, a brilliant novel-in-progress by JAMES PARKER. It's about a dissolute fox's adventures.
I was fired for writing this novel about the extravagant and challenging lifestyle of Westerners living in Moscow, Russia.
Ken writes six science fiction / fantasy stories for publication.  YOU know his secrets.  YOU have Clearance.  And maybe YOU are In Control
I will be selling t-shirts at the 2012 TFEIC Author Meet & Greet in Chicago next month. Sign up for yours.
The sound & music for this audio book project, which began over 1 year ago, is ready to commit to CD. Please visit www.AlysaBooks.com/audio_book.htm.
Psst, buddy, wanna buy a novel? It's got space aliens, mayhem, destruction, and one poor schlub just trying to make a buck.
My epoch-making book of 4 zombie novellas plus my iTunes zombie lectures needs to be done for Walker Stalker Convention November 1-3!
Help me to get the book, and the dream, of a close friend off the ground.
The Tenants is my first novel. A dark comedy, about a Landlord slowly being driven to distraction by his bizarre tenants.
Laguna, a narco-zombie slaved by mexican drug cartels and the dead man, an evil spirit, aspire to turn  the masses into zombies.
A modern fantasy about untold dangers, what they mean for two seemingly normal people forced together & what they must do to survive.
A new novel for youth and young adults (and all ages) about a teen in 2011 who befriends an unexpected and amazing creature
Forevermore ( Memoirs of The Grim Reaper ) is a story that has waited 20 years to be told.
This project uses science fiction as a vehicle to address the future of identity and the role that science plays in shaping who we are.
The sequel to Marie Brennan's 2012 urban fantasy novel Lies and Prophecy.
A young adult novel about a teenage human-angel hybrid out to right the wrongs that caused God to abandon the Universe.
People chose "Still looking for a great thriller heroine" in a recent poll. Let's bring them one.
Reggie has a dream of love, laughter, and life in the Farmer's house. But how can a little pig ever hope to be clean enough to get in?
Civil war in modern America. Terrorism. Romance. The sequel to the bestselling novel Republic.
A collaborative novel project where you decide the story!
Creating book two (The Quest for Rividia) of my fantasy-genre series of interactive role-playing game books with professional artwork!
This is a collection of short stories that take place in the Upper Peninsula of Michigan. Beautiful artwork is included throughout.
Blackmail, sabotage and deceit destroy Madeline Ridley’s perfect world, but who’s behind it?
War of the Seasons, a fantasy trilogy with a strong young female protagonist and minimal sparkling! A book for youth and adults.
A book of fairy tales to trouble and soothe the grown-up mind.  Beautiful stories combine with breathtaking art.
In "Pantheon", the ancient Greek gods return and attempt to re-establish their worship on earth by destroying all religions.
An adventure full of mischievous faerie fun, betrayal, and dark secrets! First 3 Ch. available for review on my blog!
A farcical tale that blends tongue-in-cheek satire, hallucinatory horror, and adolescent fantasies like no novel has before.
Help THE2NDHAND bring out Peck's first novel, a meta-noir of at once page-turning suspense and multi-layered complexity.
The Plastic Bathtub Soapdish combines epic adventure, amusing characters, and history all in a steampunk powered romp through time!
Their teacher challenged them to write a book. What they created left him speechless.
1858-1872: A white man is murdered; a black man blamed, a  family torn apart; color lines blurred & lives risked for justice & family.
A murder mystery and supernatural melodrama featuring Houdini, Arthur Conan Doyle, Jack the Ripper, Cthulhu, & the Cottingley Fairies!
A revelation of God's divine humor.
The Great Detective and his supporting characters as you've never seen them before! A gas-lamp Victorian Vampire romp! Oh My!
Let's publish electronic and print editions of Shattering Glass, and give it a spectacular debut in Chicago and Flint.
A young private detective is caught by surprise when a case ends up looking into her own past.
The indie small press Crossed Genres wants to publish at least 6 titles through 2013 - let's make it happen!
Darlene McCullough is writing a fantasy novel and using Kickstarter to gauge interest and pre-sell copies of the book.
An A-Z of Unpopular Culture.
A novel about Michael, a thief who's been sentenced to have his mind rewritten, and the boy whose memories he'll be forced to take.
We reached our KS goal!! A few hours left to get your copy.
Only $20 for a signed softback, an incredible value! Thank you!
After many years of hard work, the book, "Telling it to the Moon: Faerie Tales and Fantastical Journeys" is ready to go!
Fantasy Saga M is a story about a young knight named Seren who turns against his not quite evil, but conflicted master, the Sword Lord.
Tamzin and the Viper was published as an e-book in July last year. This project aims to fund print editions in paperback and hardback.
A modern coming of age story of a young dragon, who learns that just being who you are, is more important than color or size.
Frank McPatrick's weekend was looking good, until he woke up in a coffin and was told his son was kidnapped.
Seventh Night is a Romantic, Comic, Action, Adventure Fantasy novel that should appeal to fans of Ivanhoe and The Princess Bride...
The Alchemist meets Eat Pray Love with a little more more grit and a touch of magic
I am writing four stories and I am looking for backers to help me finish one of them.
The Germhacht Episode is a pulp adventure story about a unique family of archeologists and their friends. Help put this book in print!
Rival airship captains stranded by their mutinous crew!
In 1865, Alice went on an adventure to Wonderland. Today, four modern authors follow her down the rabbit hole...
Hollywood Failure is the first novel by writer/comedian Will Phillips. It's done. It needs to be edited. Then we'll print some books!!!
Jo Bowen has earned her knighthood, and gained so much more along the way. Join the Gallant Company as they take the show on the road!
A collection of short stories inspired by hair metal songs from today's hottest, most innovative writers of short fiction.
Seven days locked in a room with nothing but the blank page. Watch the madness set it and read the whole thing unfold.
A Science-Fiction/Fantasy cross over novel. Think spaceships and wizards with some Dune-like politics thrown in and you get the idea.
A paranormal teen mystery with an unbelievable twist. It's my first enovel, & I want to see I'm On Fire set fire to tablets everywhere.
I've got a new Pax Imperium Serial story. It needs a great cover. Andree Wallin's art is perfect. Help me purchase it.
Help create a second volume of this shared world anthology series with our team of award-winning authors and artists.
A fantastic world pulls two crass young men into its realm. Fantasy, memoir, and pop culture collide in rich, dream-like escapades.
My book about true love is written, but it needs one last edit to be complete. Fund my love!
Hairdresser On Fire is a collection of fiction and non-fiction examining the predatory nature of the Beauty Industry.
Angels! Demons! Explosions! Romance! Betrayal! Grilled cheese sandwiches! It's the Mercury book you didn't know you were waiting for!
My first novel, The Book of Cyrus is almost ready, but I need your help!
Fiction Magazine 10,000 TONS OF BLACK INK is currently assembling its second "Best of" print edition, and needs to cover printing costs
The zombie defense lawyer is heading back to the courtroom, and we want to roll him out in style.
Haunted by Shadows is the 1st novel in the Trilogy of Syn. A fast paced novel set in the far future following Earth's destruction.
Fund final editing and cover art for a pulp science fiction anthology. It's Ellroy meets Bradbury with a splash of Project Blue Book!
The world as they know it is ending. The streets are empty. There are only a few people alive.

What do they do? What would you do?
Help me finish the Audible audiobooks for The Husband Maker Series--three contemporary romance/women's fiction novels.
I'm collaborating with an illustrator, Sam Balling, in an effort to publish a fantasy novel, the first installment of a trilogy.
We're crowdfunding the publication of Chasity Edens' novel, Beauty IN the Beast! Join us in supporting this author & many more!
I'm chronicling a brutal zombie attack on the State of Illinois.  I need your help to raise this book from the dead!
I've been writing books for three years. Now it's time to release them into the wild...
"Hidden Wheel" is the debut novel by author/rock critic Michael T. Fournier. Help fund a national spring book tour!
Scheherazade's Facade is a fantasy anthology, containing a dozen original stories which explore gender through myth, legend and magic.
Ester Vasquez defends the world against demons and monsters from the seat of her wheelchair.
Funds will cover printing, design, publicity, and marketing costs for the release of our first two printed titles.
2011 MIDWEST EXEMPLARY FLASH EDUCATION AND SUPERMOJOMANIA FREAKOUT TOUR AND COUNTRY EXPO
The Dragonswarm is book two in the fantasy epic Dragonprince Trilogy, which started with with the bestselling Taming Fire.
A young elf crosses the land of Fayen to save it from enslavement by one of her own kind, and to discover herself along the journey.
Shamus O'Connor was a Private Detective. Not exactly a choir boy, he's paying the price in the afterlife. Meet your new boss: Lucifer.
After a failed suicide attempt, Melissa Adams attempts to rebuild her life - but will her new relationship destroy it all?
An entirely new and original collection of fairy tales and fables. Imaginative, exciting, with beautiful illustrations for all ages.
A childhood adventure into an abandoned asylum leads five teens on a ghost hunting expedition into a world of horror.
Between the two extremes lies the middle. Between two boys lies a girl.
Seeking Destiny is a fast paced epic fantasy rife with valor, sacrifice, and complex characters that pull you into their stories.
Ex-soldier turned play-actor Kit Tyburn is tangled in a deadly conspiracy when he intercepts a coded letter from a hidden Jesuit priest
I am aiming to self publish my chick lit novel Short Encounters to celebrate the end of my university degree!
Robot and Fox is the story of Roland and his epic journey with his buddy, Fox, as they search to find Roland's ship and get him home.
Mrs. Shushman has long avoided death. One night during the Morton Downey Jr Show, however, she finds Death rummaging in her closet.
An anthology of original Christian fiction, which concentrates on renewal or birth of faith.
"Write about life as if it were science fiction."
Three transreal SF novels. And one Kerouac scroll.
Two new worlds, one strange alien race...and a woman trapped in a war she despises. Can the Daughter Star see her through?
I need startup money to get print copies of my novel to sell. :)
DT: Special Delivery is a choice book where a Postal Inspector struggles for survival in zombie infested city.
"My Cloven Feet" is a collection of five short stories written 2004-2009 by Chris Jay, totaling around 70 pages.  
Blade Runner meets The Maltese Falcon - an explosive love story and thriller set in 1919, weaving real-life and fictional characters.
The debut collection of short fictions and confections by PodCastle's former Co-Editor and Host Dave Thompson
Mary's father crawls from his grave the day of his funeral. Imagine her reaction when she realizes she is the only one who saw...
Bram Stoker Award nominee Jeremy C. Shipp is hard at work on a new horror series called Monstrosities, and he needs your support.
Brass Legionnaire is a Roman Steampunk Young Adult Novel set in the mid 1850s. Help me publish my first novel!
The story follows two unlikely protagonists on a lifelong journey of surf, sex, drugs, the dark side of Asia and life out of balance
Imagine if Atlantis had survived, but underwater. Acclaimed novelist's new fantasy sci-fi book. Can a mermaid and a human find love?
I'm writing a book of short stories and I've been accepted to a residency at the Vermont Studio Center. Please help me get there!
Written by actress/multi-media artist Suzie Plakson, this picaresque tale is a mythic journey with a renaissance spirit.
Trilogy that crosses genres. Sci fi, humor, drama, aimed at young adult audience.  M.A. in Creative Writing, and book 1 is complete.
I've written my own novel, and I've gotten tons of rejections, now it's time to take matters into my own hands and publish it myself!
Margins is a new publication of short fiction by the Morphe Writers' Collective.
Publishing my book. A collection of humorous & odd short stories. Guaranteed to offend tea party members & and the PC alike.
Meet Ernest, a captive born elephant and the friends he makes along the way who teach him what it means to be an elephant.
Help publish the third book in the international best-selling post-apocalyptic survival story, The Survivors!
Thanks to your support, Magic The Crest and the sequel will reach thousands of young readers!
If you've ever read a book and wished you could tell the author what they should have done, then this is for you.
A fantasy adventure for all ages! Destiny, redemption, honor and love in a beautiful, first edition hardback just for you.
A new dictionary of nonsense words that don't exist yet.
Contemporary social satire through the private eye of a wizard from Victorian England
Help fund research for the follow-up novel to Jim Provenzano's Lambda Literary Award finalist 'Every Time I Think of You.'
'Thieves at Heart,' the first book in the fantasy series The Valley of Ten Crescents.  Scoundrels, secret societies, and yes, elves.
Kentucky writer Ed McClanahan Reads His Favorite Stories on Limited Release CDs. Kickstarter exclusive! Not commercially available.
All new illustrations for the story of one woman's journey from slave to starship ensign.
It's written, rested and ready! Help publish the debut novel by Quebec humorist Ross Murray. It has beavers!
The secret of COBALT may end up killing her...that or her addiction to Twinkies."
The Ma'Ati is a new digital storytelling platform featuring an interactive travel webzine and an epic adventure narrative.
Inspire people to a healthier lifestyle through the power of an adventurous, original, fun & profoundly healing story by Michael Bedar.
This is the story of the Queen of Hearts...how she became the woman she became, what shaped her, and what happened after Alice left.
YOUR inserts with consistency editing and chapter by chapter updates to be built, narrated, and illustrated based on your story design.
The turmoil of being in the middle of an unknown zombie pandemic with your closest friends, and the life-changing events that follow.
Ever Eternal is a fantasy novel, the first part of a trilogy, that follows an angelic being fighting to save the last Eternal.
Help increase early publicity and sales for an indie author's fantasy adventure novel by participating in a "Get 1/Give 1" campaign.
Marc has freckles.
Sir Christian Arundel must fend off invaders from the sky to protect his homeland, while facing questions of duty, loyalty, and honor.
Mike knows from the get-go that it’s a stupid idea. He doesn’t know if that makes it better or worse.
Two business travelers meet by chance and experience a little erotic adventure.  Support me as I chronicle their experience that night.
Fifty Shades opened your mind ...  Pandora unleashes your body ...  
And PANDORA'S BOX OF LOVE is the book that teaches you how!
A beautiful, limited edition book featuring authors Stephen King, Alice Munro, Peter S. Beagle, Charles de Lint, Lynn Coady and others.
My name is Petunia Pap-Smear and this book is my story as a gay Mormon boy living in a farming town in Utah who blossomed into a queen.
When mercenaries attack a Steamflight training field, a flying ace and a Skylark agent team up to bring the attackers to justice.
Thirty original cyberpunk flash fiction stories in electronic format for just one buck!
The Geonarrative Project combines the art of storytelling with the technology of geocaching: fiction as supercool treasure hunt!
Maledicus is my self-published novel of horror, love, and redemption. Please help with promotional, printing and publishing costs.
I'm publishing a small notebook, suitable for note taking but with an original joke on each page. 32 pages, 500 copies printed.
For over 10 yrs I saved emailed stories & jokes, now its time to publish them & keep the laughs alive.  Over 300 pages of funny stuff.
The popular furry romance novel is now ready to become an audiobook. But we need YOUR help to make it happen!
An erotic lesbian love story. Two writers meet and delve into the shadows to find expression and resolution in their own lives.
'Drie Schelpen' gaat over grenzeloze liefdes: passievol, verdrietig en verboden.
Help me get to Fayetteville Comicon in return for a new, exclusive Zombie Killers novella!
"Forsaken", the thrilling start to a new series! Angels, forbidden pasts, and a love with the devil himself. What can go wrong?
2012 TFEiC Author Meet & Greet in Chicago, IL: Pre-order Autographed Special Editions of Seduced in the Dark by CJ Roberts.
The Time Active, Clockwork, Dark High Fantasy Novel Series
This year I wrote a collection of short stories that I need your help to publish by Summer 2016. Any amount helps! My goal is $500.
Tell-all in which main character regales her numerous and humerous encounters with some of Bostons wealthiest, most influential men.
I'm a blind author, reaching out to the community to make my books available in audiobook format.
Help provide my upcoming supernatural thriller, Grave Suspicion, with a solid marketing budget and a real chance at success!
A quarterly book subscription box for science fiction and fantasy book lovers, delivering a unique reading experience.
"Dragonborn" is an adventure/fantasy novel about an epic journey full of danger, magic and dragons.
Selling my characters! I need to raise $40,000 for life-saving medical treatment for Late Stage Lyme Disease. I'm offering my books.
Choose a genre, be part of the story with your name and vote for the title: I'll take care of the rest! Not enough? Keep reading... ;)
This project is for one short story. If it gets funded, I'll write the story. If you fund it, you'll get the story.
I am finally done with my book and it is time to publish it! Beyond the Hurt will be available Summer 2016...with your help.
The prequel follow-up to The Farts Awakens: A Star Wars Parody, this is an independent parody book of Rogue One: A Star Wars Story.
A novel of historical fantasy with a touch of romance. For lovers of King Arthur and readers of George R. R. Martin.
The journey of an average teenager whose whole world is completely flipped and destroyed by a terrible nightmare come true.
Chummer Mag is a comic book-sized digest of Bizarro, New Weird, Strange, Short Fiction and Gaming. ALL THE GOOD JUNK!
Gutter Punks, dropouts, and street poets find a college where the 1% learn magic. They steal spells & take them online wikileaks style
Three New York artists look to make their dreams reality. What they find is far more.
This is a collection of surprising, very short stories and very large illustrations. Made-up myths and folk tales.
The Zeta sisters are back and ready to kick massive butt in books 2 and 3 of the unexpected comic sensation, Zoey Zeta & The Sisters of Powers. 
"In this veil of tears we must take what we're sent, feathery, leathery, lovely or bent."
-Pish, Posh, Said Hieronymus Bosch
I wrote a YA science fiction book to help kids dream of space exploration again. I need a bit of your help to finish it up.
Book #3 in the Southside Hooker crime series. This will fill out the first year of publishing with these three books. I—Kill; U—Read.
Romans in space.  Need I say more?
Every year, faeries steal a human woman to be their Queen. This year, they pick the wrong one. Inc. hand-bound hardback editions.
A nifty little romantic comedy novel, set in a world full of superheroes.
An animal epic about polar bears, science, faith and Man, set in the wilds of the arctic. Can Uteq save the planet with his black paw?
The first of many stories about a teenage girl who can travel to other worlds with the help of a mystical pendant.
A tale emboldened by esoteric knowledge of our past as we learn exactly what Dolphins communicate. A war of many minds and worlds ensue
A new illustrated novel of oceanic terror written by author Andrew E.C. Gaska about one of the world's most beloved animals... sharks!
Moderately important fables for a moderately important generation.
Story. Wonder. They're Back! Science Fiction and Fantasy publisher Panverse is about discovering new writers and bringing wonder back into the genre.
Frank Cho and Bill Willingham team up to write and illustrate an adventure novel!
An anthology of cross-genre fiction with a touch of darkness.
Angels and Automatons is a steampunk anthology that chronicles the rise and fiery destruction of a town on New Zealand's West Coast.
A sci-fi/fantasy series about the seven deadly sins.
A rock n roll novel about a young woman's journey to owning her own club in Nashville and her plethora of adventures with friends.
Sci-fi epic, The Ter'roc: Evolution - an ancient alien species which seeded the Earth with humans tens of thousands of years ago
I UNLOVE YOU is a New Adult Novel about Love & Broken Hearts. OH, and it's FREE... FOREVER!
Almost Super is a book about unlikely superheroes. The book is finished, and I'm looking for funds to print it and send it to anyone who wants a copy.
Propel the next generation of Canadian SF talent to the heights they deserve. We have the passion, the know-how and, with your help, the wherewithal.
A story of a Muslim-American--Fighting stereotypes, supporting human rights and finding the courage to be true to who you are!
Comical culinary Italian saga where each recipe comes alive with a funny story about the Vendetti crime family and the Italian culture.
Mike Baron’s outrageous rock ’n’ roll horror novel in signed HC & e-book: Cover by E. M. Gist with Interior Art by Jordi Armengol.
Publishing a beautiful annotated print edition of Moby-Dick, based on the popular PowerMobyDick.com website.
A modern, magical fairytale and epic, girl-power adventure! To find her mother, Julia must embrace a world of magic.
New Novel featuring artwork by BRIAN EWING of Darkhorse Comics and DC Comics fame! 
GlyphX learns that Evil exists as sorcerers & demons.  He has the Power to stop them..if he believes.  He is the URBAN MAGE!
An illustrated collection of short stories, tweets and extras from the world of @AwfulFantasy.
A one-day festival dedicated to all things Chick Lit. Join major authors of the genre for talks, readings, signings and cupcakes.
Either by design or accident, some day you will probably be thrust back in time. Be prepared! Help me complete The Time Travel Survival Guide.
Book two of The Ronin Saga, an epic fantasy series, follows Gray as he discovers his powers and the origin of the Ronin...
A lovingly skewed look at the history, people, culture, and craziness behind "Doctor Who!" By the writer of the hit WHOFAX comedy blog.
Brothers Aeris and Turiel  must fight in a sorcerous cold war against an elusive enemy bent on destroying the Callendian Kingdoms.
Cast into The Great Game, can a dapper young fox protect an archeological artifact, safeguard his honour and solve a family mystery?
"Made Handsome" is a book of artists & writers curated by Ferocious Qrtly. All the work will be inspired by real life news headlines.
3 days, 1 train, 1 novel: Watch an award winning writer go from a bare story idea to a completed novel - live!
Tom Derringer is following in his father's footsteps - he's an adventurer.  In 1882, he goes in pursuit of a mysterious airship...
An unabridged reading of Friedrich Nietzsche's philosophical novel Thus Spoke Zarathustra, translated by Adrian Del Caro.
A Seattle psychologist and a homicide cop must overcome their distrust of each other to stop a serial killer before he kills again.
Fear and Loathing in Middle Earth but without drugs or hobbits. This is fantasy fiction that rides on a fun edge.
The Dark Eve is an action packed pirate adventure, a 4 books series, full of supernatural monsters, led by an infamous female Captain.
The story of Final Fantasy VII, brought to life in the form of a novel
The World's First Real-Time Fantasy Blog. What happens when the world's most notorious murderer unexpectedly returns from exile?
Science fiction & fantasy books, collectibles, graphic novels... and a bar! A geek's dream hangout operated by true fans for all fans.
Dan's descent into holiday insanity is interrupted when a sick uncle requests his presence at bedside in the California desert.
In the not so distant future, a beautiful young medic is dragged into a war over genetic engineering. A thriller with sci-fi elements.
The story of black, queer, magical girls who save the world with the power of friendship, glitter, and fantastic hair.
I want to create print copies of my new zombie horror series - Chromozone and distribute them both online and locally. :D
The frighteningly funny adventures of a guy, his baseball bat and things that go bump in the night.
NAZI VS AMERICAN NUCLEAR PHYSICISTS , A HEROIC SECRETARY VS A NAZI SPY.... THE GREATEST RACE AND ESPIONAGE THRILLER OF WORLD WAR II
Temple of the Four Elements is a fantasy eBook, a coming-of-age adventure in the mysterious medieval world of Arkonia
Virus is the a story of an outbreak in the UK turning everyone into flesh eating savages. can the survivors find a cure?
Get ready for the Galaxy's first authoritative English-language anthology of Israeli Fantasy & Science Fiction
3 Days of intense writing + 2 Serious Writers on a mission = 1 grueling writing contest AND 2 new novels written in just 3 days.
Old words, new books. 

Specialising in science fiction and curating lost classics with contemporary illustration and writing.
In a race to find a magical clock and reset time, a young man's perception of reality and dreams blur into a bizarre fantasy world.
Since 2010, Hypertext has published fiction, essays, and interviews. Help us produce our first print journal & pay contributors.
A fiction novel with a collage of crazy rolled up in a quirky, rural southern town.
"The irony of all wars is that you learn the truth of the fallen heroes solely from the lies of cowards that survived." W.Wilovski
We are seeking to do a limited print run of our epic new queer fantasy novel in both hardback and paperback!
A full-length novel based on the brilliantly funny story Austen wrote as a teenager—by the author of BITCH IN A BONNET.
Darton Champions - fantasy trilogy
Edit & publish "The Codex Lacrimae" fantasy trilogy: high adventure, medieval romance, Norse mythology, cosmic peril, & Arthurian lore!
Edit & print "The Codex Lacrimae," a literary fantasy of high adventure, medieval romance, Norse myths, cosmic peril, & Arthurian lore!
Help us bring this children's historical fiction, Trapped on the Titanic, to life as a dramatized audio book for people with dyslexia.
STAFF PICK!! Deals with the Devil are now made in proxy with a man who is more akin to a used-car salesman than a scaly demon.
Collection of Fear is a collection of 13 short horror stories, being written, and self published for Release on Fri 13 Feb 2015.
INSIDER'S GAME is allowing you - the backer - an opportunity to step right into a fresh story created for the graduates of YA fiction.
Die zweite Auflage des Beststellers: Druckstaueffekt von der Berliner Autorin Sabine Wirsching - nur für dich!
A young woman, Natalie Leighton is now awake to a new reality that no one else can imagine. Seeing in others what they don't want seen.
The Shkode fantasy series is about dragons, wizards, lost magic, and the connections that define us. Vegan, gender, LGBT themes/heroes.
Tales of the Wilderwood is a collection of beautifully illustrated fairy tales for adults and teens.
An English translation of a powerfully transformational novel of how to rewrite your life as you enjoy the magic of changing the world.
I would like to buy back the rights for my debut novel, Celebration House, and republish it with Baskethound Books.
A sci-fi novel with mass appeal that has been rated four out of five stars and described as "fast paced and engrossing" by reviewers.
We are making "Hardcover" versions of The Dragoneer Saga, The Wardstone Trilogy, and The Butcher's Boy. Ten books in all.
“Saga of Bazor: The Hunt” is an adventure into an espionage game from another world come to ours.
Help me get my story to the English reading audience
Redemption has a price
After Life is a completed novel and is currently available as an ebook. I would like to get it into print to reach a larger audience.
As I finish the final pages of my very long novel I realize as I research the costs to have it edited and marketed I will need help.
Ancient rituals and radiant zombies will leave you breathless. Will you survive The House with the Red Door?
 "The Yellow Trolley" is a story about Josephine, an emotionally  fragile artist who periodically flashbacks to her encounters with a bus driver.
A new novel with Warriors Sorcerers and Monks and an Academy(magical school) that teaches the arts to the gifted.
It's the tale of an alternative America, where all narcotics were legalized 15 years ago;the US remains split on this decision.
Informed by my personal experience and knowledge, it will be highly relatable for senior transgender people.  No prurient content.
Six Pack is a collection of short stories to be self-published for e-books. The shorts are some of my favorites from the last year
Take a break from reading a thousand page novel and try reading this fast paced and action packed movie script.
Building an extensive crime/thriller book series all linking to one epic conclusion. Estimated to be 11 books in total.
A unique look at the beginning of a zombie apocalypse. Taken from the viewpoint of a small town nobody. Change with the times or die.
One man tired of innocence abused like the laws wrote to protect it will stop at nothing to see justice upheld and the innocent saved.
Indie writer looking to get published. I don't want my story hacked to death by an editor and this publishing house is it.
Bring the third book in the Tales of Fairies series to life. The Tale of Darvin the Nerd needs to be edited and the interior laid out.
Slave Time is a fictional novel about American slavery based on true stories orginally told by the former slaves.
A book about the love, struggles and triumphs of new ideas from the prehistory forging of copper to the free energy world of tomorrow
The Girl I Used To Be is a five book series about a girl's journey through hell: anorexia, depression, and the loss of her mother.
A boy raised in Canada learns he is Hitler's son; his life's experiences teach him that he has Choices and is not a slave to Destiny
A light-hearted sci-fi / fantasy novel, where main characters are sociopaths from other planes of existence.
Up and coming author wants to spread the love of reading, literacy, and publishing to the world and needs the money to do it
A YA novel for grown-ups, with 6 exclusive illustrations by X-Files/Doctor Who artist Matthew Dow Smith. Fast-paced sci-fi/action!
Second in a Fantasy series set in Ireland where nothing is as it seems, underground cities abide, snake people prowl, and goblins await
Young Writer's first novel; with 5 page teaser!
Broken is a coming of age book that following a young girl through her journey from broken to forgiven.
Blade Runner meets The Maltese Falcon - an explosive love story and thriller set in 1919, weaving real-life and fictional characters.
River City is a fiction novel set in Baton Rouge. The story begins with a therapist who gets involved with a serial killer.
A suspense/fiction novel that will inspire you to take heart and to cling to your courage, even when you doubt yourself.
"REM" is the story of seventeen-year-old Bradalynn Collier who is used to seeing everyone’s dreams, apart from her own.
You're the star of the story! Choose from 42 impossible endings! An adventure with ghosts, aliens, street-fighting alligators and more!
Cadet Diana finds herself in a desperate battle against an unstoppable enemy. Will she rise to the challenge? Or die trying.
A U-2 Spy Plane is shot down discovering Iran is mining the Strait of Hormuz.  Events lead to  US and Iran on a precipitous path to war
The consciousness of a comatose man in a purgatory-like realm who wants a second chance at life.
A number of people, stranded in a Hotel they can't leave, threatened by a deadly virus,will they pull together or turn on each other?
Born Of Fire is the Fantasy lovers dream, with fire wielding heroes, encroaching armies, and love found in the darkest of places.
Vampires, Werewolves, and Ghosts are all dead, but the Supe' world still thrives, an unconventional story for the modern reader!
A boy learns about his magic and family dragon. Book 1 (pic'd) got 5-Star Review. Now Book 2 is ready to be published. For 8-13yr olds.
"The last sight before Cam slipped into unconsciousness was the brilliance of those eyes, burning with twin caged vengeful intensity."
Accused of being a witch and of murdering the girl he loves, a naïve young farmer faces the terrible cost of his gift for magic.
This novel is about human resilience, hope, and love. It looks at what it takes a person to heal from the traumatic events.
A Grim Gothic Tale without a Happy Ending, written by steampunk author Jonathan Green and illustrated by gothic artist Tom Brown.
What would happen if a President declared martial law under FEMA?  This is one possibility.
One of the most well-known books in the world told from an angel's point of view in a light-hearted, action-packed fantasy series
A Navajo and a Texan team up to go prospecting in space. What the reluctant heroes discover on Mars, changes history forever.
Project Fabula is an anthology mash up of a graphic novel & illustrated prose featuring anthology stories from fantasy & sci-fi writers
To get the book out the door, it's needs a cover. Everybody says the cover makes the difference. Help this book get noticed!
Re-write a comedy piece of fantasy fiction I first wrote whilst back in college, back to the classics for my first full novel.
What did the Kirkus Review say about my first book? 'He also brings sexy humor to a genre that sometimes takes itself too seriously.'
With all the zombie novels running rampant as the zombies themselves, how are we to choose? Here's my own rendition of a zombie novel.
I'm writing a five-book series. It's a classic tale of good versus evil, with a twist. Think "Harry Potter" meets "Underworld".
'You were created, not born.' You can help fund an editor for my new fantasy novel. Five strangers brought together to save all.
Two fantasy novels about surviving in strange lands and against all odds.  If you like action, adventure and fantasy you'll love these.
A thrilling story from the point of view of a after highschool student, relatable experiences to use as a guide to finding ourselves.
This project is for securing enough funding to publish my written manuscript of the second mystery novel in the Sheriff Gus series.
A novel of mystery, murder and betrayal ending with a surprise showdown at an abandoned air force base on a vacant island off Texas.
My first work of fiction about a Tarot Card reader and the impact her readings have on her client's lives - all I need is $ to print!
In order to create their perfect child a group of wealthy and independent women participate in a secret programm.
The quintessence, beings from the beginnings of all time have during times of immanent destruction of a species stood silent until now.
I am 27 years old and am ready to start my life already. I have a crazy, insane, my mother will kill me just for thinking of it plan.
Don't play with matter's of the heart. Love is nigh, please choose wisely. A blend of ways in which to deal with pain and forgiveness.
7 demi-gods with deadly sins are crusading: protect paradise, find a lover & get some hot and heavy sex. Publish with graphic images.
"I enjoy my friends now. They're smug too. Them, me, George Orwell: we're all hater's. But it takes a lot of love to hate like we hate." –Jonas
1916 in a small Tennessee town, a traveling circus hung to death, their elephant infront of a crowd. Help me tell its story.
Limbo of the fathers is my first book I am currently writing and I basically need a little help on my first step of self-publishing.
A novel - In 2088, off-road rally drivers, billionaires and volcanologists converge for the First Annual Race Around Mars.
The  world of the future Greek Gods is under attack. Cronus the King will do everything in his power to save his people or die trying.
Eternal Chance is a story about a high school student who suddenly finds herself entrenched in the mysteries of the paranormal.
The Mass Effect Endings Project is an experiment in collaborative writing based on Bioware's awesome series.
In need of a professional graphic designer's touch: a 2nd edition of the novel "Life Descending" by fantasy author John Hennessy
Vi gør det muligt igen at få den prisbelønnede serie på tryk. LHO signerer de første 10 eksemplarer af hver bind.
Meet LeeAnn 8 years old and looking for her mother in a bleek and dangerous world.
A collection of short, very dark horror stories. To be published in three volumes electronically and then finally... to print we go!
Raising money to publish my first novel "Affliction".
Roshomon and the MAG Elite try to end the feud between the Dominium Empire and the Great Bestial Nations, restoring peace to Mysterium.
Doctor Daedalus and the Devil's Army, is my first (Fantasy) Steampunk novel to be self-published in December of 2012.
This project combines the excitement of receiving a thoughtful letter in the mail with the love of original storytelling.
I am looking for funds to expand my sales revenue .
anti conservative piece of propaganda.  What happens if the republican party wins?  A boot, stomping on a human head forever.  300 page
Next Chapters empowers authors to team together to collaborate and write novels online. We publish and compensate authors for sales!
Just decades after the Greatest Generation built the first World Superpower the Baby Boomers have turned the tide. They're The Worst.
A novel about a man who thinks he's addicted to water and a robot that can't stop cutting down trees. The rest is just fluff.
Gabby runs away from any emotions that aren't safe.  Is she willing to move beyond her past to once again experience love? Run or Try?
Can this man along with two of the most unlikely friends stop the most catastrophic terror attack ever attempted on the United States?
Paul cleaned for a living now he cleans to Death.The Janitor
Hive minds, rogue planets, and the robot apocalypse. Help fund a science fiction anthology by flash fiction writer J.D. Rice.
The Mystic Novel Beyond Time and Space
A mechanic and her nightmare fight to save Dreamland from a rogue dreamspinner whose soul is a deadly virus.
The Dwarf Detective of Chicago is back. Fans have asked, and now, it's time for fans to act.
This is the first of what is hoped to be a trilogy. Book 2 is penned. Plan is to use book one to fund book 2.
One of two mind bending and gripping Psychological Thrillers that explore the secret world of government experimentation.
We are trying to craft a new world with this amazing novel! This project is funding the publication of Gaia Trinity.
A man gets a second chance to live his life.
This project is a novel I've been working on called The Story of Orkav Deathheart.
Magic exists in our world, but maybe not for much longer. One man is going to destroy it no matter the cost.
They didn't see it coming! Their lives will be changed forever! This story is about love, friendship, loyalty, and redemption.
Earth:2143. Exiled, A lone individual will overcome a life of viral domination, against the undead and even himself.
Join the journey of an outcast named Rose in this rich modern day fairy tale. Find out what happens after "Once upon a time."
A meek rabbit with a cursed eye is all that stands in the way of endless waking nightmares for all who dare dream.
Strange things are happening to Grace Gainer. . . and it involves an ancient, flesh-eating evil with scales, claws and a venomous bite.
A tale of war and love. If you love vampires and witches then you will love this book.
Ashley O'Donnell is no ordinary teenager. Her life is destined to be intertwined in mystery and magic. When she learns of her grandmoth
How do you pick up the pieces of a broken life?  One woman's heart stopping journey to rebuild her life and put the past behind her
HAILEY’S PITCH is a hard-hitting baseball novel featuring a teen protagonist who makes up in heart for what she lacks in extremities.
An exploration of the dark underbelly of high school
Garage Sale Mania is a humorous, fun-filled book about the wonderful world of garage saling.  There is always something for everyone!
Scion tells of a young man whose new found powers give him the chance to step forward and save the world from a unforeseen darkness.
Fund this book publishing project: A United Wasteland : working title
A supernatural mystery/drama novel. Funding will go towards production, including proofreading and finding a publisher.
Anakeen Marko : Le livre sur le monde Fantastique des Autistes Aspergers. (Fantastic book about Aspies)
What if life after death was as sure as tomorrow’s sunrise? A story of how life may exist after death could change the world.
I need help to fund Bluebell Cottage 2nd edition as my publisher has now ceased trading and there are too few left in circulation.
A Christian fantasy novel that will give you goosebumps, make you cry and at the same time increase your faith in God.
a novel of martial art and adventure to prevent the rise of evil
All children can perform magic for one month as they enter puberty. But with a monstrous catch. The magic must be unique. Or they die.
The University Letters is Part 1 of a novel, the prequel to Coast to Coast in the Angela and Min series.
Mountain Brook Ink delights in publishing debut authors, but we are new. Providing quality covers will jumpstart their success.
Darkghost Assignments is my first book I am trying to get published. You can help fulfill a dream!
This book is dedicated to the fighting men and women of our armed forces and also to the safe return of my brother, Raul.
A short tale of dark fiction, set in a fantasy world amidst its renaissance, taking its first steps into an industrial revolution.
A man experiences both the best and worst points of peoples lives as he passes them on a bus while living out his best & worst himself.
A tale of adventure and romance on the fringes of an interstellar empire that has forgotten its holiest legend: the story of Earth.
The most horrible piece of crap you will ever read. This is not a memoir, it's a highly exaggerated biography, at best.
Anonymous but dedicated writers self-published a new book. Now WE need HELP in funding a National Book PR Campaign with a NYC PR firm.
What if we could ALL choose our own story??
What happens when a hunter gets bored? What does he hunt next?
Jeremy Chin has loved video games all his life, but will they be enough to save it?
KILL CITY: The first new Sonja Blue novel in ten years. Sonja searches for a young girl kidnapped by vampires. No sparkling allowed.
Funding the printing of my Free Sampler book and maybe picking up a few character names along the way!
Black Lord of Eagles is volume one of a Fantasy series in which invaders come to an empire which thought it was alone in the world.
Is a 200 page book about Samantha Greenwood. An animal rights activist, who fell in love with a Bullfighter.
This is a proposed crime novel set in the San Francisco Bay Area in the late 1990s.
A fast-paced Thriller full of adventure, love, and mystery. Print publication due in August, but I want to record/narrate the audiobook
The Spice of Life (or TSOL, to fans) follows Jake Furie Lapin, a 37-year-old sexaholic and loving Dom.
I'm going to self-publish my first completed novel and every pledge is like a pre-order for the book!
A modern, illustrated, young adult continuation of a classic tale about youth and love, Peter Pan, told from Wendy’s perspective
Fantasy book series for young readers. Covers to be completed, print copies for marketing, finish website.
I'm writing a book, a bit steampunky, a bit historical about a princess, an mercenary and a war. Part of the Lucacia series.
I didn't want to write a book at first, but I accidentally found my story when she ran out of gas on the side of the highway one night.
Stripped of his powers, ex-superhero Virgil decides to become his city's lone vigilante after saving the life of a young girl.
The Undead Diaries is a series of novellas based around zombies telling their stories on how they struggle to survive.
Beginning to End; Tells the story about six young women who change their lives after learning the death of a beloved friend.
The Chance is my first real novel. It is a fiction fantasy novel that has received good reviews but needs professional editing.
A lost soul finds hope, love and excitement during the zombie apocalypse. Unfortunately, flesh eaters are the least of her worries.
A new pathogen that is baffling scientists and threatening to wipe- off the human race is discovered in South Africa.
This Graphic Novel will showcase Heaven, Hades and the struggle against angels and demons in this fiction book about spiritual warfare
A dark adventure about a boy trying to escape his problems by venturing to a fantasy world only to realize his problems have followed.
A fictional book of seventeen letters from a father to his family detailing the sights, sounds and adventures of Heaven per the Bible.
Some loves are so perfect, so beautiful; one will believe against all reason that they are destined to return even if it takes forever.
I am in the process of creating a crazy persons guide to Essex, UK. Its the towns and people seen through a crazy mans eyes.
A royal marriage between two prominent kingdoms is about to take place. The continent of Ersellis braces for the coming shift in the...
Historic Fiction, My Brothers Books published in print form. My brother is retired and has discovered his love of writing late in life
I have a collection of short supernatural stories that some are true and never been in print, others i've collected and wrote myself.
The search for the third Symbol takes the Alliance to an island in the South Indian Ocean in the year 1650 AD, a very dangerous place.
Faineth is a young Guardian whose dream is to be the best rider possible, little did she know she would have to save her home instead.
Lucy Dakota's expanding her horizons! If you loved her adventures in Rocky Mountain Beginnings, you'll have even more fun with J2N!
Casting Calling is a Psychological Horror Novel.  A story so captivating readers just can’t get enough.
Help us fund this Douglas Adams meets Star Wars style book, about a girl, a frog and some giant Amazonian Women.
If the story of creation went a little differently...

Think; an ancient roman dystopia, magic, molten rivers, fiery skies and demons.
A Seuss-inspired mockumentary children's book series for adults.  Let's make story telling great again!
Young woman purchases an old encrusted object a talisman an amulet created by Gorman the Magnificent. On cleaning the object, it.
I've written a novel about a struggling small town sheriff who makes a discovery that could change his life and the world.
Mythica is a Young Adult fantasy novel written to inspire people to preserve the Arts. Next step, feature film.
Ignoring religion, but embracing spiritualism, this story tells what is about to happen on earth between '12 and '20, the Apocalypes.
Waiting to Exhale on Steroids!
Beyond this point is a magical world full of shadows, Twiskers, Brittlewambers, fallen stars, captive kingdoms and dreadful darkness.
In a world with no privacy, and even AI on our door step, where are we headed? Is this what Agent Smith foreknew in the Matrix?
A chance friendship struck by a young Scot and German in 1935 survives war, distance and time to reveal one of WW2's biggest mysteries.
"Beware of Flying Gnomes" is a murder mystery set in a town on the shores of Lake Erie. The book mixes a whodunit, humor & family life.
A Novel. An ordinary man, from an ordinary suburb, with an extraordinary past. Do we really know our neighbors?
A powerful story of one man's journey to forgiveness and discovering God’s never ending grace.
A Sci-Fi Novel - After an encounter with alien beings Daniel is changed and his journey begins. He risks everything to save mankind.
I have a story rolling around my head and the unruly characters it involves won't let me sleep until I tell that story to the world!
Christ's wisdom, plus insights from Ghandi and the Dalai Lama, are fused in this fast-paced story about love and forgiveness.
A novel about how a writer's fervent relationship with his best friend turned into a failed marriage retold from digital history.
Two books by a startup, the fiancée who supports his dream, and a can-do attitude.
A clever, pseudo autobiographical novel examining the life and times of a morally corrupt twenty something.
This book is about the fall of man from the realm of light into the physical realm and how he came to conquer his surroundings.
The second book of a Young Adult trilogy that blends fantasy & romance with dystopian elements.
Write without giving up your day job and read without using up all of your free time!
Enter Una's world: two cities at war and her allegiance wavering. 
I have an outline and story waiting to be continued. Now I need you.
"Listen; this story opens with an explosion, and ends with a bang." An experience of traveling to war and returning to "home".
Jeff's First book, "Knights of Gaia", a story of a boy named Claint Saggitachi in the Kingdom of Gaia. This is his coming-of-age story.
An English major turned bartender... a billionaire ex Navy Seal and MMA fighter... a huge tangle of lies...
Simply pre-ordering one or both of my books is the fastest way to get me on track to becoming a self-sustaining novelist!
The Future Of American Space Travel Is Seen Through The Eyes Of A Young Solider.
The end of the cold war was near.  Was another waiting to take its place? It's 1989 and Epidamnus is in motion in Hong Kong.
My novel in progress is a science fiction world never before seen, Aakcirteyvia will will surprise and delight you in a whole new way
A sci-fi novel about a man searching of his daughter in the winter. But the snow eats people
Sometimes breaking the rules and letting go are part of growing up and making the unthinkable choice...BETWEEN, a novel.
Cress Steward is a biracial girl who discovers her destiny while living in Victorian New England.
This project is to get my novel Hellrider ready for publication. Funds will be used to offset editing, promotional, and cover art fees.
"Eternity's Ending" is the story of a reincarnated man in search of forgiveness from the lover he left behind.
Xipilik Hunters is a dark fantasy interactive ebook full of mystery, adventure, and demons!
The creation of a new work of fiction. Title and description to be released on completion. My dream of being an author can wait no more
"Halima", a novel set in Nigeria, West Africa, is global in connectivity, exploring culture,life. A move towards African development.
Want to make extra money? The fastest way is to teach what you already know. I'll show you how.
deux phases pour éditer ma Fame à Naura

acquitter le loyer de l'appart ou j'ai tout écrit
avoir un fond pour le graphisme
Donations appreciated to help me complete my novel, a laugh-out-loud comedy that follows the life of "A Savior Down Under".
Sky Ocean, a sci-fi adventure story where the ocean resides high above a floating landmass.
A fiction book about the adventures of Colby, as he moves through a written land of magic, fantasy, and danger.
Pulp serials and dime novels have died out as has the American Cowboy. Help me bring it all back by donating your hard earned chink.
Reprogramming and relaunch of Bardic Web for writers, roleplayers and world builders.
"We hurtled towards the surface in twin pillars of fire, our contrails writhing like snakes in the screaming winds..."
I am writing a detective novel based in Durham City, UK and I am looking for backers that may want to appear in the novel as well.
"Elf Tears" is a clean fantasy novel about a captured princess yearning for freedom while her twin sister rallies an army to save her.
I'm teaming with author James DeSantis to turn his novel, Sparks, into an Audioboook.
Bring Mary McDonough, "Erin Walton", to Atlanta, Georgia as part of her book signing tour in support of her latest release "One Year"
Using a paranormal manifestation method, a misfit clan of wounded souls redefine their dreams & find love.
FMFFIHS Novel; is the creative non-fiction adventure and coming of age story of Max Sinclair that leads to the next novel "Lost Sheep"
After many years of writting I finally took the plunge and sent my novel out to several publishers and got a contract with one
A story about a fallen Angel, cursed by the Devil with The Chelsea Grin that causes him to feel the pain of others by tenfold.
"2501" a sci-fi novella has been selling well on the Amazon Kindle for almost a year. Demand for a printed 'paperback' version is now extremely high!
In this book, global warming brings more than melting glaciers, & heat waves; dragons return as they existed in Medieval Times.
Raising money for proof-reading of my current series of books currently 3 books long as still growing
A Book Blog Tour for Mourning Sun will help get the word out about my book and reach potential readers.
Family man Matthew dogged down by the rat race, decides to make a change with sometimes heartbreaking sometimes hilarious consequences.
A new kind of story which shows the truth hidden from mortals,at their own peril. as monsters show you how to live life  properly.
An illustrated novella that follows the adventures of a group of teenage girls who happen to be werewolves.
The Family of Man receives a message from an unknown ship somewhere in the galaxy, leading Earth into a battle for it's own existence.
A strong willed medieval heroine faces deception, uncertainty and betrayal in search of a way to save her father... and herself.
This book can change the lives of young people everywhere.
This is a Science Fiction Novel, that explores the whole Universe.
I have published four non-fiction books.  Streets of Blame is my first novel.  It is a mystery/thriller set in Seattle.
Help get book two of a 12 book sci-fi/fantasy series into print!
Heya! So I'm a writer and I'm working on a book series called Lunessa. Book 1 is finished and book 2 on the way to be published.
A homecoming novel  for publication, already under contract with a major publisher, needs to be professionally edited before release
Stories where the beginning, middle and ending are by three different writers. Start a story and look forward to reading how it ends.
Former government agent Sean Wyatt is plunged deeper into a search for an ancient treasure with a mysterious history.
RAVENQUEST is my fantasy fiction series with a message to our world on living in peace & harmony with all creatures.
There are some pathways that lead to adventures you never expect... Expanding the first book of Dal Ryeas with an audio edition & more.
Pre-order "Luna, the Lone Wolf". A deep, action-packed story about wolves, told BY wolves. Exclusive content available for pre-orders.
An emotional mystery for young people will be a trilogy when finally published
Publishing a novel about high school, Hollywood and extreme carbon cutting, along with its geek-heaven web site.
I've self published a book and need funding to print copies. I've worked on this project for 3 years and it's ready to print.
When it's after the end of the world, there are a few things that you need to survive from; other survivors, mutants, and Mason Argenta
Thriller histórico / ficticio sobre las investigaciones de Nikola Tesla.
A Cyberpunk Scifi Novel.
The second story arc in the fantasy/sci-fi series started in "Realm Hunter: Pursuit of the Silver Dirk" and "Trail of the Elder Gods."
"Game Face" is the first installment of the Baller Boyz series of books that chronicles the lives of 3 friends during a football season
The Cliffshore - A story of war, survival, airships and the search for the truth behind it all. Help fund my first novel!
What hurts the most is pretending nothing happened. A romantic thriller about a woman who must find the courage to save her future.
Leaving her family for war, an AF Sergeant and her K-9 join a team of Green Berets to capture or kill a Taliban bomb maker from hell.
When Helel and his wicked angels are cast out of Heaven the war begins and the angelic warriors on earth must be awakened for battle.
Please don't let me down!  I really need you.
An action thriller novel that explores the insanity of an ex-cop as he dispenses vigilante justice on the streets.
I'm currently in the process of writing my first novel, Seamus Barlow; or, I would be... if my horrible kitten hadn't BROKEN MY LAPTOP.
Translation:  "Through Trial to Triumph"; A story about overcoming obstacles, working through losses, and helping friends and family.
I am writing my first full-length novel and I am trying to self-publish it. It is a horror/ mystery novel called Puzzles.
Indefensible explores the consequences of micro-drones paired with embedded terrorists.  Next step is creation of the Audio Book.
Researching her dad's manuscript chronicling alcoholism in Native American culture, Zella uncovers evidence that he was murdered.
Frank Kearse, an intrepid, young FBI agent leads an experimental task force in aggressively investigating and apprehending sexually violent criminals.
Are you ready for the next epic fantasy novel?  Help get the first book in my fantasy series published!
This 296 page book is the fictional life of a Civil War scout. We self-published and need marketing money to get it off the ground!
‘Seasons of Hope,’ brings to the light that which we have left lurking in the shadows far too long;
The U.S. faces annihilation and a popular President is given god-like powers in a desperate attempt to save the nation.
In the distant future Earth has hit a tipping point and become a wasteland.
The Vicar's Deadly Sin is a delightful and witty Regency romance mystery about two friends and their love for solving crimes.
All 37 of Shakespeare's Plays Shortened to 30-45 minute performance length (each) for amateur production and study. Published..
For the past seven years, bending spoons has been an almost exclusively online venture that the staff would like to take to print.
Adira tries to right the wrong of destroying her city. Torin fights to survive drug addiction in a city that has long been descrated.
Darmok (Season 5
Episode 2 of Star Trek the Next Generation).  The Tamarian Language needs to be defined just like Klingon has been.
Help get Hidden in Glass, a self-published fantasy young adult novel, reviewed!
A concept of two trilogies, a shape-shifter, two unicorns, and one BIG plot...
LIBERTY IS GONE, BUT TRUTH REMAINS. The Truth Saga tells of Kade Truth's super-powered battle against the growing forces of evil.
I have developed this story as an 233 page e-book, and now hope to publish it as a hard cover book; with full illustrations.
A collection of excellent short stories from student writers. The book is finished - we just need funds to publicise it!
I am an 18-year old aspiring author who is looking to write a novel based on my creative ideas and would love your support!
In 2003 at 19 years old, Matthew was in a bad motorcycle wreck. Our Book, "The Testing", is based on a true story.
I write novels to explore big questions through expansive characters. The POWER is a paradigm-shift in progress. You want to read it.
Earth is the only planet, which can help save a dying alien planet. A scout ship is sent. The commander doesn't go for help.
Masquerade by Cambria Hebert: a Young Adult Fiction novel about a young girl, Heven, whose life is forever changed by a killer's spell.
Calling all fantasy lovers! With your help we can turn the USA TODAY bestselling fantasy series into audio books. Six books total.
Does the hedonistic past of a group of now powerful & respected individuals hold the key to the murder of an unnamed, naked corpse?
This contemporary thriller, steeped in history, is a roller coaster ride, with a romance that struggles, a murderer who means business.
What Henry Miller would’ve written if he’d been a 90′s grunge kid trying to write Naked Lunch. Fight Club meets Green Eggs & Ham.
In a carnivorous forest on a dark moon, a rite of passage intended for sons is changed forever when the King has a daughter.
A detailed fantasy story based on my Huntsman comic book
A full audio recording of the fictionalised account of the true life tale of a murderous teenage vampire cult.
I summed up my courage and took a leap in writing my first fictional novel on the ultimate freshman college experience!
This book is the first part of an epic sci-fi trilogy which i have intricately planned and am 1/4 through the first book.
I've found the perfect professional voice actor to read my series, Dreamwood Tales.
The mist of San Francisco are concealing more than just buildings. Join author Alicia "Kat" Dillman in launching her debut novel.
The Zombie in Me is my first novel - it's a self-published book about a girl who turns into a zombie at night. New backer rewards added
Pharmacist Alex Benedict races to solve the clues to a formula's riddle that will change world forever. We need $ to print and market.
Historical fiction about former slaves reuniting with after the Emancipation. My novel will explore stories of families rebuilding.
Help an aspiring author earn a place on the bookshelves of major booksellers across the nation
If you love Twilight, you'll hate this book.
Open your mind to Critical Thinking while reading short stories about an astonishing group of heroes who try to save Earth’s humanity.
A brand new book series about magicians, family secrets and adventure.  It's Harry Potter meets The Da Vinci Code by way of Nancy Drew!
Follow Jacob as he figures his way through an advanced yet dying world in this novel full of mystery, intrigue, and adventure.
Who doesn’t like to dream about Time Travel or conspiracy stories? Well I have them both in my new book Nazi Time Machine.
Back us to help young genius to build their career in literature industry worldwide! Let us convert our Bangla magazine into bilingual!
This small volume contains stories and poetry about and from the Central South from history and life in this area.
TO BE A KING is the gripping Detroit-based Mafia saga of Omnio "King" Falcone, written by a man serving time in a state prison.
Help me to finish my novel. Free short story based on the novel here. please read and let me know what you think.
In the eyes of its creator, planet Earth has become incredibly boring. Instead of starting over, he simply changes the rules.
Sitting with friends and deciding I should create a book of all of us and our immortal friendship. I make the story about Vampires.
A steampunkische adventure set in the mid-1800s in Berlin, Germany, featuring Gustav Magnus’ fictitious son, Henry, for ages 12+
A collection of the scariest short stories from undiscovered talent around the world.
The historical/fantasy/romance novel is set in the Viking era during the prophesied 3-yr. winter before Ragnarok;the end of Midgard.
Join Marcus Jones and his team members as they train to become world class adventurers and go on grand adventures in a world of danger
What if everything we know about history is wrong? what if the church knew it, and hid the information?
Martius Catalyst - Where the Unknown Becomes Truth (A collaborative steampunk fiction series), powered by imagination & love.
An epic fantasy adventure in which mystical creatures are the unlikely heroes and humans are the enemy.
Putting out a first rate print version of Cho Kokujin, to have, and to hold. This will alllow familiy and friends to enjoy this work.
The aim: writing enough short humour stories, and avoiding publishing them for long enough to be able to do 100,000+ words in one book
A short story of sex, abuse, violence, murder and casual, indifferent assistance from a mysterious man, a Bow Hunter. (A pilot project)
"Raised in Brooklyn" needs to be professionally edited and slightly rewritten before it can go public.  All our friends love it.
15 years ago the bombs fell leaving the world in ruins and spreading a disease that changed humanity forever.
Life is not always pretty, but the ugliness of it, is called truth and is shunned by the shiny, happy people of the world.
Coral is a mermaid trying to get her dreams to come true! With her brains and beauty she will put everything on the line.
Laughing Fire Press is an independent publisher of socially-relevant fiction, poetry, and plays
Jamie awoke from a nightmare - her husband was killed in an accident. But Jamie's dreams were never just dreams...can she save him?
Last of their kind; the Original Six, last of the immortal clans. Now Vampire royalty the war has just begun, which family will rise?
Ever wonder what a perfect life is like?
It isn't what it seems, leaving you to question the reality & the mirage of the perfect life.
My collection of short stories in growing, so I have decided to independently publish them.
Raise awareness that my novel, Submerging Inferno, part of the Men of Myth series, exists by placing an ad in a national magazine.
Defenders of the Scroll, the first in a series, is a multiple award winning, young adult/fantasy novel.
COVERT DEMOCRACY is a new Novel based on Nostradamus Prophecies of the 3rd. Anti-Christ rising to power,creating a Dystopian America
Short story about the rise and fall of a great, but flawed city leader. This has a lot of Breaking Bad mixed with real life instances.
What happens when a powerful woman looses control? When Summer Frost nearly loses her life she discovers her power to astral project...
A Young Adult Science Fiction trilogy about a scavenger who falls for a girl, worlds apart. In space, love has boundaries.
Be part of the team that helps build the Bridge to Heaven
Imagine not knowing who you are, until you see yourself in a statue 800 miles from home. 
Themes: Faith/Family/Choosing Life/Love
Nocturnal is a wild ride with demons and angels. The character is developed through trials in his high school years.
Read the book for free. If you like it pay what it is worth. A powerful story of the search for happiness, truth, and fulfillment.
If Aphrodite walked today, who would she be and what would she teach? Lets find out!
2Empires is a full length novel and work of literary fiction from author K.L.O.
I have written my first novel. It is ready for a professional editing and a professional cover. Then publishing.
Wat bezielt een vrouw op haar zestigste verjaardag voor een jaar met de rugzak op missie te vertrekken en een eenmansactie aan te vatt
"Blackstoke Manor has been empty for years which has been great fodder for urban legend." A chilling novel devised from a stage play.
The story of three women who celebrate the Divine feminine in this story of friendships and restoration.
We're getting married August 11th, and I want to surprise Mandy with the novel I dedicated to her.
A romantic novel using the tragedies and triumphs of my life for inspiration.
You can submit suggestions for characters, settings, title, ect., to be included in a self-published short story collection!
'Psychosis' and its continuations have reached audiences across the Internet. Help me finish this haunting epic of horror fiction.
Make an audio recording of 21 Games for The Mind that Won't Shut the @#&* Up! and submit the book and audio to the Nautilus Book Awards competition.
I Awoke Alone is a short novel based on the survival of one man, the last man on Earth. No bodies, no evidence, only a vanishing.
Wizards & Warlocks is Harry Potter for Adults. Kids Strictly not allowed. An Action packed blood soaked magical experience.
I want to create a book that is developed by you. Not the story but everything else. i.e. characters, backstory, and art.
Help decode the newly discovered Alien Diaries artifacts.  We'll give you the clues, you give us the story.  The best get published.
In the wake of his late father's footsteps, follow Troy as he faces the many trials and tribulations of being in the Canadian military.
Mike Strong is at it again. Solving crime, getting into trouble and battling the supernatural. This is only the beginning. Keep an eye out.
The first book in a series of four that follows an out-of-luck writer through Hell to make good on an offer he didn't know he made.
Florida swamp noir adventure that turns project backers into characters and historical figures.
Support an Australian horror writer, with a huge catalogue of releases coming in 2015 help make this indie author a household name.
It has always been my dream to write a great mainstream american gay based novel by being allowed the time to complete.
A story about a young boy dealing with the phenomenon of where imagination meets reality & how to deal with bringing the two together.
A forensic murder mystery series with a different approach to supernatural creatures. A rollercoaster ride of smart humor and horror.
Mye, a young girl with secrets, witnesses a crime.  Gena is a young teacher reaching out to Mye while keeping secrets of her own.
Garig goes to rescue his grandfather, a druid Priest and Healer, that his Dadda says does not need rescuing at all.
The Regulators Agenda, a two month promotion for the re-launch of the revised edition of the 2 part novel The Regulators: Hell On Earth
Mark learns why being a hero...is a mistake. A new sci-fi young adult adventure novel.
The inhabitants of Mars have found a way to bring life back to their desolate planet, but many of them are very resistant to change.
Novel contains scathing wit and eloquent outrage.  The author propels the story with philosophical convictions.
Bring the macabre Kindle collection of poems and stories to life in all of its blood red gory..I mean, glory in an illustrated edition.
I want to give the world book number two of a fiction series starring fictional psychic female teen Peace Eden.
I started going to L.a. Co. Jail in 1989 at 19 yrs. old. The most violent crime era in Los Angeles history.
Be sure to support this LGBT novel for the masses. It's a campaign to fund a stellar cover photo shoot & employ new creative types.
Lucifer incites God to destroy man proposing a contest pitting himself against the Archangel Michael.
A world reliant on nanotechnology is destroyed by one man; in the aftermath, one woman is determined to hunt him down for revenge.
Sci-fi, mystery, romance, suspense, a little drama, everything a good book needs. Check it out, you might like it!
Why is the apocalypse overdue?Because the created have been stalling.Angels,demons and man have been working together to stop Gods plan
A parody set in the League of Legends universe before Summoners Rift. Adventure and strange encounters for two friends on a quest.
This is an original epic fantasy novel, the first in a projected nine volume series.  Need funding to market and distribute it.
A story of abandonment & survival. A family saga mixed with the almost forgotten history of a vital community in the Nation's Capital.
The story follows a high school senior football player through a year of highs and lows. He uses his Christian faith to see him succeed
Help publishing my stories to reach the world.
One series is a mixture of superheroes and urban fantasy, the other is a pro wrestling action/adventure tale. Help make them a reality!
Hello Kickstarter Universe! Help me complete my first novel in one month.  Its a story that will make you laugh, cry & feel triumph!
Hurt Locker author Mike Ryan invites you to appear in his new action packed Vietnam War novel which is sure to become a movie.
A Dutch fictional book about organised crime. Betrayal, greed, money and love will create shifts in the struggle for power and money.
Beyond The Logos is a Sci-Fi series beginning with its first installment with you, the reader as the hero!
This project is to create a best selling series from my as yet undiscovered but wonderfully reviewed Dark Canvas Series.
Follow Sasa as she lives the events that rocked her nation while I uncover hidden mysteries, a plot of genocide against the Cherokee.
Autobiography of an alien from this planet: in effect, the world's longest love note from the first genetically-engineered planimal
A psychological novel with themes of survival horror and middle-aged fantasy. explore dysfunction with deep lore and rich characters.
To produce an AUDIOBOOK of my new novel in verse ––THE WATER MAGE'S DAUGHTER––with my original MUSIC and STORYTELLING NARRATIONS
This money is to get my adventure novel off the ground, based on war time stories told by my Nonna about how she ended up in Canada
Bring "The Coven Wars" to life; A world full of Witches, Vampires, Werewolves, and Shape-shifters. Bring the Anomalies out of darkness.
What would you do if The End really was near and there was nothing you, the government or science could do to prevent it?
An educational novel that includes various psychological factors on how to raise your child to prepare its life on planet earth.
Samantha learns to let love in after a car accident takes her mother and her left leg.
The  "Astro Academy" series is the next Harry Potter or Twilight.  This is going to be huge.
An Urban Fantasy Trilogy about two immortal brothers facing their mistakes made decades ago. Now they must fight those seeking revenge.
This project will cover the editing and publishing costs for my second novel. I finished writing the novel and am ready to edit/publish
Historical fiction series, based on the adventures of teen Fred Ballard in the mountain community near Granite Falls, WA in the 1930s
Recipe for a YA Thriller:  Take a legend, mix in a 200 year old curse and add a deadline.  Serves up one heck of a senior year.
This is a fantasy Novel about a young man who has his youth stolen from him, and then goes on to become a mythical "Time Lord"
This young adult super hero origins novel, written by a brother sister duo, follows four special teens and a figure from their past.
Heart pounding, eye catching, breath taking, sitting on the edge of your seat... I NEED MORE!!! Yes, this book is that good.
The next best selling magical fantasy book novel trilogy like Harry Potter and Percy Jackson. Magic,Wizards,Sorcerers, and Princes
After three years of work, it's time to release my stories into the wild...
Two sci-fi novellas to be published in one book. This will be my first self-published book, and will be used to query publishers.
a story i have started which is currently 10 pages, its a story of a universe were different colonies of zorgonites live
Help me begin my writing career!
An Anthology of Future Wars is the perfect gift for the armchair general or sci-fi fan.
Caught on fire and thrown from an oilrig, homeless and divorced to the New York Stock Exchange is the story of Kyle Turney.
Kickstarter is a great way to make dreams a reality. This is my first of many with the help of Kickstarter.
The dead are being murdered. Join two detectives as they try and find the mystery behind the recent serial killings of necrosapiens.
If Wes Anderson directed a pulp hero movie with a screenplay by Jonathan Letham, it might look something like this. Or not. 
It's 1931 New York City and Aldric Cronique, an extra-terrestrial, is locked in a 2,000 year-old race against the Devil, trying to save humanity.
Coming soon the 2nd and 3rd installment of "My Future Mother" apocalyptic science fiction trilogy: "Land of Light" & "Final Renovation"
A novel based on the cult video game of the same name.

A killer is on the loose and its only a matter of time before he strikes again.
The flames of passion will rage as you are unable to turn the pages fast enough to douse the explosion of emotions generated within.
With action and romance, this fantasy novel is about a man being hunted by a legion of soldiers, assassins, and mythical creatures.
An amazing adventure full of colorful fun, betrayal, & dark secrets! Read more about Ava here -----> http://faebled.wordpress.com
"The Seventh Sin" is the story of a man, his sins, his triumphs, his failures, and his quest for ultimate redemption.
Vomit ist schonungslos ehrlich, tiefgründig aber humorvoll erzählt. Überraschender Schluss, Tragikomisches und Victorias Geheimnis.
"He Said," She Wrote, an anthology of short stories of men in the midst of a personal crisis or awakening, written by women.
A novel about believing, it is full of ghosts, people who love, people who hate and the unique fantasy that transpires.
"The Invisible Boy and Other Short Stories", by JD Collins is a collection of powerfully emotive speculative fiction short stories.
I am looking to self publish hard copies of the Shadow Rider for public sales and free distribution to public & school libraries.
The Prophet of L'rylieh -- what if Snow White's Evil Queen was completely insane?
When loss brings about new beginnings, it proves the Red Thread of Destiny legend rings true.
Do you DARE to begin this quest? Author went from near suicide to Amazon top 100 and now needs your help to go the distance!
"When all else fails, what would you do?"
Rainbow of life; A story about choices-Based on real events; 2004 Tsunami-5 different scenarios play out just before the Wave hits!
Help me with finishing funds for the next hot psychological mystery where no one's innocent!
Graphic Illustrations combine with real actors and models to tell the tale of various myths. A graphic novel for the iPad generation!
It's the story of an angel named Jayson who travel's in time to rectify history and stop demon plots. The first book of a trilogy!
Gangsters, cops, and a serial killer. Help me get through the 2nd draft of The Groundskeeper, and get it published on October 31th!
A sign language interpreter seeks solace on a new assignment only to be met with murder, malice and an unexpected romance.
Adam The Forsaken Tales of Extraordinary Beings Book 1 was a success in being made. Now I want to make the last 3 installments.
Welcome to 2142!  2142 will tell the story of the First Interplanetary War, between Mars and Earth.  What's more, YOU can join up!
Launch novel on return of Voltaire's Candide by literary novelist whose debut book is voted among "Best Books of Decade" by Goodreads .
This is a dark fantasy novella that mixes military action with fantasy.
A young Dream Walker becomes a monster in a far away world, where he has to hunt down a dragon to find his way home.
This would potentially be book one, of a six-book series.

It is pure Satire. 

This one's title would be "Two Sides Of The Same Coin."
The first West African young adult super hero fantasy story. Creating a paperback edition for sale and schools.
I have self published 3 books. I need funds to buy books and pay for festival venues to sell my books.I need 300 books @$1200 + venue $
A distopian novel about a world on the brink of war--where one young woman is the only person who can stop it.
Singularity: The CEO in the CIA is a fictional novel about Joshua Zielinski's involvement in a CEO Training Program run by the CIA.
A magical metamorphic tale of family, adventure, and friendship.
I am a high school science teacher and a science fiction writer on the side with one book already published.
Rebirth, Discovery, Revolution. A novel about a woman's journey to reinvent herself and her struggle.
"Mile Marker Zero," a Hurricane Ike mystery, hopes to be to Galveston what "Midnight in the Garden of Good & Evil" is to Savannah.
A simple and powerful work based on the idea God wants all his children to share the resources of the world and to be happy.
The Hub­ble Star Card play­ing card game pro­vides a fun and excit­ing way to explore the uni­verse using imagery from the orbit­ing tele­scope.
A compelling Dark Urban Fantasy tale accompanied by a series of stunning Fine Art Photographs raising awareness of Mental Health Issues
 My project intel's all aspects of self publication including Copyediting services 
Creation of the cover Marketing and Distrubition.
A young writer's first novel, which is centered around angels and the afterlife. Funds are needed for publishing costs.
“The Rain” is a novel by radio newsman Adam Kirk about a world where the sound of thunder in the distance sparks panic.
I released this book a year ago.  However, shortly after its release, I realized it needed to be re-edited.
Rayna is a girl who has escaped the the dark side of Rangoon City.  Follow her as she takes revenge on those that hurt her.
Promote YA time travel series about teens creatively addressing serious issues of today & in the past with postive teen role models.
Please help me put images to this story!
I am writing a new science-fiction book/series that needs professionally editing before it can move on to the next step in publishing.
A werewolf loses control of the wolf-magic, kills his neighbors and family and goes in search of magicians to save him from himself.
Novel short stories are a compilation of short stories whose essence is captured in just 100 words. Genre known as “flash fiction .
Love has it's reasons, of which reason knows nothing-Pascal.  Help me craft a beautiful story about love, dreams, the sea and flowers.
Humanity 2029 is a science fiction novel in the cyberpunk vein of William Gibson.
Can true grace and love narrow the rift between midwestern conservatism and the LGBT community? I believe so. Help me spread the word.
The Titanic was doomed to sink-iceberg, or not.  It was merely one of many pieces falling into place leading up to The Great War...
In the mid-22nd Century, seven people band together to tweak the collective noses of a corrupt world government.
The story of Jaxon Grey, an ordinary man whose life is turned upside down when he mysteriously awakes on the savage planet of Tatora.
Lake City’s underground is emerging;  the actual truth of a city’s glory awakes; unconfined through a series of imprecise events.
Coaches are dying - and not by accident!   

Crime Fiction meets Christian Values with a side of Supernatural Intrigue.
This book is based in the near future in a utopia of plentiful employment but where corruption exists at the top.
First novel in a series of 4.5. Set in a dream-world high school called Scapemaker. Readers love it, but it needs pro edit & cover art.
The Scribe usually writes the history, but can he MAKE history too? Help fund the publishing of The Scribe Saga and find out!
I'd like to complete and traditionally publish my second book of horror stories.  This time, I want YOU to help me write it!
When our world is taken by surprise attack from creatures beyond our understanding, what happens? Can we survive, overcome and win?
Writing a bestselling book, a murder-mystery.
What's in your DNA? What if it could save the world?
Pain, Strength, and Loyalty. These are what makes up an Amazon nation!
The underground of the city is like what's underground in people. Beneath the surface, it's boiling with monsters. -Guillermo del Toro
The Milky Way and Andromeda galaxies are destined to collide, but no one yet has figured out what that will mean to humanity until now.
This canceled
A story about parents, children, peacekeepers, lawbreakers, tyrants, heroes, collapsed cities, and life after the end of the world.
Dragon Fried Cheese is the third book in the humorous fantasy series, The Dragon Tax Saga.
The most secret and effective strategic intelligence unit in America's military history and the fascinating exploits of one Commando.
This project is to print and send 500 copies of the Bearth Trilogy to 500 American libraries to get full library distribution.
Wrap yourself in the nightmares as you pick which horror story to read next. Are you brave enough to read them in the dark?
I am writing a multi-pov crime/mystery novel about revenge, redemption, and remorse.
The good, the bad, and those in between.
A novel of observation.
How far would you go to seek revenge on your son's killer? This mom will stop at nothing to avenge her son's death.
The Deception of Surfaces: a visually rich, illustrated book about an actress in the year 2020. Part novel, part play, part graphic novel.
A YA novel with a sassy Hispanic Gypsy protagonist on a adventure filled with magic.
I wish to take a year-long writing sabbatical to complete my novel Aphrodite's Stand, have it professionally edited and published.
Our book is about bible stories you won't often hear about in Sunday School. We expose the more sinister verses with original artwork.
To print and market the finished book. A topical adventure thriller about environmental issues the world faces and political apathy.
A Book/T.V series released October 1st episode 1 and 2 are published. Episode 3 is scheduled to release Christmas Day.
#TURFPublishing
QUIET ENJOYMENT is a moving funny novel of one friend's attempts to help another deal with AIDS in Baltimore and rural Pennsylvania.
Epic dark fantasy adventure about self discovery, and the fate of the world challenged by demons.
Gritty, Searing New Thriller Details Gang Violence and Street Justice in Pacoima,California.
Action/Thriller series following a family torn apart by war and espionage in the Alaska wild.
Books, Audiobooks, and Documentary Film
1 story. 2 covers. 2 points of view. A tale of a relationship going from attraction to aversion, hearts to poison, flowers to knives.
Sherlock Holmes/James Bond style story line following a main character's life in work, family and love as he fights against a cartel.
PUBLISHING a Paranormal Crime NOVEL - Part 1: COVER ART - Drawn by Milda Jokubaityte of www.illustratormilda.com
The story of Ester, a young woman who protects the unaware masses against demons and monsters from the seat of her wheelchair.
How do two ordinary young women go from giggling teenagers to twenty something assassins?  Can they survive The Zombie Horde? Find out!
I am going to create personalized storybooks for children. I want to inspire young kids by providing books that fit their interests.
Book about an orphaned/abandoned young boy who doesn't want to be unknown.
Tales of exile, art, beauty, & courage
leah koss is a novelist & event planner. her project is the perfect marriage of these two loves. enjoy wit, wine, music, food, photos, coffee, dessert
Dragon Keepers IV is a continuation of Bruce Goldwell's Dragon Keepers series. The Adventure Continues! You can be a part of the Magic!
Paper bound book project for "The Giant Alien Women of Planet Zur."
The Final Adventure Of The Legendary Boy That Never Grew Up!
WHAT IF the 'Legends of Old' were the 'Puzzle Pieces' of a 'Greater Story' ???
Found Manuscript explains the nature of 2012 Mayan Apocalypse.  

Spoiler: Quetzalcoatl is real and the dinosaurs didn't go extinct.
Transforming the LostParallax story into a screenplay. The finished work will contain dialog, actions, and scene details.
A band of societal misfits attempts to take down a radical Christian government that has taken over America.
With a clear focus on the beauty of books, this project will reimagine the cover design of a classic novel: Jane Eyre
An exhilarating tale of dark fiction that blurs the lines between good and evil!
In the future a father teaches history about ancient Earth where gods, dragons, and the emergence of scientific thought evolve.
I'm looking for funding to publish and promote my book. It's been approved, now I just need the financial backing!
Book 1 follows Mishka and Yuri who discover Magic, Friends, Enemies, Love, Trust and Betrayal while fighting an evil King and his army.
A women's contemporary fiction novel project about overcoming the loss, hardship, and grief of a miscarriage.
A marketing entrepreneur and a professional hockey player in love -  two ambitious men caught between personal and professional goals.
This will show you a whole new world. This will introduce you to Hope's world of Angels and demons. Let's get down to earth with him.
A young woman's search for her father in the Philippines leads to a journey of discovery and acceptance of her family heritage.
This project is for the Novel series in the Project Sol core project.
Shorts. A group of creatives looking to release a book of short stories written by unpublished creative writers.
The Epic Story of a Creative Girl
A moving story of a recently divorced mother of three who takes a leap of faith in order to begin a new chapter in her life.
A city ravished by suicide bombers, an EMP attack, and radiation; Francis Romero stands tall and guides his Colony to a bright future.
I'm a writer looking to raise money for a year's worth of vets, kibble and catnip for my cat Piersich while I write my novel.
A lowly-rated sports talk station goes topsy-turvy when the new owner decides to launch a radical new radio format - Arts Talk!
A family moves to a new house only to find out that the previous owner built this home for one specific purpose. And it is not good!
sort of 'Time Bandits' plus 'the Lord of the Rings' times 'star wars' divided by 'Harry Potter'... (using PEMDAS of course.)
Dusty pages
That still arrive
Fly in Flutie's "55!"
Fade away & aviate!
Fade away, & aviate!
...-
...~
bit.ly/1F1uC98
Surveying all types of women, Sex! kept coming up.  Regina had a tormenting double life. She would have to face her sexual demons!!!
This is for my book called Levels To My Insanity. It is dark, psychological thriller that about a young woman devastated by tragedy.
Set in a future where society is controlled by a central processing unit, one man must restore balance before time runs out.
If the Angels could tell us their story, what would they say?
My handicapped younger brother, Tannen Dane, having never spoken a word, finds his voice as the inspiration for my main character.
We are seeking to throw a major one time book signing event in the heart of the Sun City for authors Matthew and Nina Mitchell.
The first of its kind fiction; bringing together diverse streams of ancient spiritual wisdom within the pages of a captivating story.
Everybody deserves to be loved. Even sentient weapons of mass destruction. Who says you can't hug someone with nuclear arms?
A series of four books centering around a life-time revolutionary. Inaia Doix'la, IRA member then American Revolutionary.
The sequel to A Time to Hustle which is available at http://www.amazon.com/Time-Hustle-George-Shepherd-III/dp/1468177877
Strong independent woman PROCULA, enjoys sainthood but very little is known of her, could she have STOPPED the Crucifixion?
Warning: may contain Romance, Spirituality, Drugs and Social Activism. Imagine if Quentin Tarantino remade Romeo & Juliet?
Kaira Munroe discovers something in her family history that changes everything she ever thought about ancient times and texts.
Life in a small town can be hard, but for Clark - a trans youth - it is hell. Will his new friend Tony help or make things worse?
The Nazis have brought the war to us, not only taking the land, but the stars! We must defeat them now, the future is our! Defeat them!
I am trying to fund my first novel, Forever Driftwood a story set around the Falkland's war.  A story which shows life for what it is!!
The struggle of humans in a war started by godlike beings for dominion of the Balance of Nature: the War of the False Gods
A drama/comedy novel that follows the Stahl's to their grandparent's for Christmas, where Jen has an emotional reunion with her father.
ST.FRANCIS, MOHAMMED and THE NIGHTINGALE an epic, romantic adventure. Novel in progress. Research needed in Italy.
A cataclysmic story arc that encompasses the beginning of time and the end of Earth.
From enigmatic spirits to time loops and romance.
A science fiction novel about Benjamin Fisher, his secrets, and the evil Uncle Warren who hunts him to unleash the true reality.
Based on a true story, Jack is a gruesome tale of a family torn apart by the bloody massacre on which its youngest member endeavors.
Publishing a book (editor, artwork, publisher, etc.): fiction manuscript, Alchemy of A Shadow Dance.
Descriptive Horror that you won't be able to put down.
"it's like we are two pieces of perfect trash thrown into the ocean and somehow the tides keep bringing us together."
Danny Dierks is my Harry Potter. I've written book #1 of 3. Plotted book #2. Want to take it all to the next level.
2 years in the making, a girl, a witch and a herd of cats come together in a remarkable village to solve a mystery
Aleksandra is a Hunter living in a world where vampires are not only legal citizens but also prominent corporate and political figures.
A maverick cop, a gonzo journalist, and a covert unit code-named GREEN MAJIK confront the mack daddy of all US Gov cover-ups: MAJESTIC.
A user submitted based book of creepy tales.
A young boy working in his father's tavern is compelled by the traditions of his village to embark on a life-altering journey.
Chimera-Con is a convention where I plan to sell my books and hopefully introducing a sixth title.
My semi-autobiographical novel - a semi-true story of a boy, his genetics, life, love, drugs addiction, recovery and redemption.
A psychological, post-apocalyptic journey into the surreal.
Story about a teen aged Somali girl's epic journey across the Sahara desert and the Mediterranean sea on her way to Europe and safety
A tale set in the 1990‘s a guile teen looking for love is betrayed; inspired by flash backs as an abused child Chena takes vengeance
Incredible unknown writer needs PROFESSIONAL COVER DESIGNS, and to launch an aggressive SOCIAL MEDIA CAMPAIGN to create exposure!
A Christian thriller about one woman, twelve tribes, and a faith that brings the world to the brink of war.
Our goal is to preserve the legacy of an entire class of American literature and make it accessible to the mobile generation.
Two powerful Norse vampires fight for possession of a magical amulet and, ultimately, for a beautiful human woman's very soul.
In this alt-history novel, Soviet Communists time travel to 1899 to end war forever. But can they avoid repeating history's mistakes?
A collection of short-short stories to be read on the go or at your leisure
I'm starting my dream of becoming a writer with my first book, "Sunshine in the Rain",  and I want you to help me!
Preserving an era and altering attitudes about deafness and uniqueness through the use of dramatic literary fiction.
Investigative reporter Dominique seeks answers to the riddle of plunging birth rates and finds a ring of ruthless criminals.
Remedium is a post-apocalyptic story of greed, war, and famine that  examines the actions of men when there are no repercussions.
Facebook Live events, podcasts, crowd-funded audience gathering (we share our results!) and more from the huge world of "The Return".
The Geek Heroes are looking to do a 60 city tour to promote their first book. 5 character mascots touring city to city in the geek van.
Let us tell you about an amazing book yet to be discovered. We want to open the cage door and make the e-book version free.
The Quantum Mechanic books are a successful series of science fiction novels with 5 star reviews at every major ebook retailer
The eBook is out and doing well, averaging over 4 stars in reviews. It's time to take it to print and record it!
Empath, fugitive, far from home, on the run, trying to hide, trying not to lose herself.
Experimental Fiction about a Blue Rainbow Sprinkle who falls into a Black Hole that looks like a pizza, and he feels deep depression.
The Immortals continue their personal wars while the humans suffer through an abnormally harsh winter during a second Dark Age.
My End of Times is a pre-apocalyptic story that goes back to the dark middle ages and ends in the future. Is it the irreversible truth?
The conclusion to Griffin Ranger!  Against impossible odds, the griffins fight for their lives... and their very world.
The Adventure of Twins of Apollo separated at birth must fight against all odds to save the world as they know it.
Photojournalist Eve Pemberton is thrown into a mystery of stolen gold, lakes running red, and the fleecing of a once proud People
A project to help me complete my novel, live my dream and be home to raise my child at the same time!
Story line is started; looking for help to continue project.  I'm an indie author, published 7 works, and do not have a publisher
Step into this well crafted story of surreal beauty, love, adventure, curiosity, mystery and intrigue. I offer the best rewards!
A Full Length Science Fiction/Fantasy Novel
La esencia de la misión: Los comienzos es la primera parte de la tetralogía de ficción. Me gustaría autoeditarlo y traducirlo.
"I was turning 50, wondering if I had missed the boat. My written reflections unlocked the door to longheld dreams coming true".
An epic novel follows the perilous journey of an affluent and troubled man as he sets out to save both a long lost love and his soul
The Project is inspired by true stories on of an immigration lawyer who deals with all issues related to immigration.
$1 AND $100: A Novel tracks the unlikely protagonists - a $1 and a $100 bill - through different people's hands, eras, and locations.
A Horror epic that spans from a little girls tragedy that may ignite the end of the world.
Part one of a trilogy, that follows the lives of the parents of an orphan who survives the 1970s genocide in Bangladesh.
My first science fiction novel.College researchers looking for answers to save the planet discover mysterious and sinister creatures
Damocles explores a reality where a thwarted Japanese mission was actually successful, and the U.S. loses possession of an Atomic Bomb.
We want to adapt Terry Bisson's hilarious Little Billy stories into a professional audiobook, read by Terry Bisson!
I'm wanting to publish a fantasy series in the UK in paperback and hardback as it is currently only available in paperback from the USA
Artist Jason Woodside & gypsy Amy Woodside join forces to bring you Memoirs du Franc (epic publication)& Boat to Nowhere(t-shirts born from the story)
A satirical novel based on the (mostly) true, final, absurd months of Warren G. Harding's life, the most ridiculous US President ever.
Tessa is 19, trapped in the UK, brutally transformed, and struggling to find herself in a dark, new world. A Dark Urban Fantasy Series.
On a murderous rampage, both honorable and wicked, the man endeavors to repair the world one useless object at a time.
That itching burden to see and do everything you encounter. That desire for experience and knowledge. That Wanderlust.
Taria of the Dead is a unique, original story about an ordinary Black female who, through tragedy, becomes extraordinary.
A modern day novel with a twist that will keep you biting your nails , ...Will you survive the first volume?...Let's find out
On the run, Mia has always been an outcast. When she is captured by a bounty hunter, a sensual and deadly world unfolds.
The second exciting book in the  dark Atlanta series, the secret realm is the much anticipated follow up story in the series.
Putting books in print is costly and arduous. Help raise funding for an initial print run and help out a struggling young pulp author!
A book project which will offer a collection of nearly 30 folktales, newly translated, extensive introduction, commentary and illust.
My Name is Michael Robinson, a single dad. Help me publish and promote, my book (Dark Grimoires, The Adventures of Saka & Thundar.
Help me get a novel (not my first) that I've been working on for three years off the ground, and be part of a unique creative project.
Based on a true unsolved murder, who can you trust in a small town when even the elected officials are suspects?
The story of a flight from Seattle to Boston that changes the lives of everyone onboard, as well as their loved ones on the ground.
When chaos threatens a shattered society, a lawman walks out of the ashes.  A Marshal who's gun is law.
My first edited novel inspired by life's twisted humor; a darker side to ambition in today's young adults amidst life's uncertainties.
Give us the opportunity to put your books in a brick and mortar store. You will rent space while retaining 100% of your book profits.
Sleeping Dogs - a thriller written with guidance from Grisham. A page turner illuminating the shocking truth of lost nukes in the US.
Portraying the life and times of that everyday man, Neurotic Man in book and various merchandise form.
Lewis Carroll's original story re written. If you like adventure stories and ROBOTS and everything geeky you'll like this version.
A new twist on a literary classic: when it comes to the influence of the State, be careful what you wish for.
Tim dreams of promoting his self published book in the vast media world and paying to have it formally reviewed. I will name donors.
Step into total darkness. # Hold on to your emotions.
I have started writing an short story anthology where all the stories are connected by theme and setting. The theme is sci fi-horror.
Born to a white witch and a sorcerer, Mariella spends her life both burdened and blessed with the supernatural gifts bestowed upon her.
Help fund the release of the sequel to a highly rated fantasy novel and get some cool stuff!
If you want a hard copy of my novel, and you want to pay less so I can get more, order it here.
Fear. Secrets. The Rage. Mostly the rage. Alexandria is told it is bi-polar disorder, she calls it "The Rage".
"The Barbeque:Fireworks Spark", is an amazing twist of events, spiraling emotions, action & drama gripping your heart, mind and soul!
I'm editing my first novel. I have a rough draft with about 163,000 words.  I plan to publish the book either myself or with a company.
Support a human rights fiction about gender inequality and hyper sexualization of teens to be publish in more languages and formats.
The first book is distributed by Amazon in italian and needs the help of an English professional translator for further distribution
Turkish and English shortlisted fiction story set in Istanbul with writing inspirations. Read it, be inspired, get writing!
My blogging project. I like to mix Existential and Buddhist themes into prose.
An epic Sci-Fi adventure. The first book follows Kirk Chambers a 14 year old boy, thrown out in to a world harried by war.
The mind shattering conclusion to the Cor Chronicles.  Can Lord Dahken Cor Pelson save himself and those he loves?
An English major turned bartender... a billionaire ex Navy Seal and MMA fighter...  a huge tangle of lies...
En bok för dig som älskar en spännande fantasyhistoria och vill kasta dig in i en ny värld av faror, oväntad vänskap och sena ankomster
Stories are powerful things, they're tools for life...and they're fun, too! Discover a whole new world right in your own - Light of Ar!
A fictional book about the struggle of a middle class American who has been cast out of society and resorts to extreme tactics.
A 453 page novel about two boys growing up in abusive households
Aquakinetic + Pyrokinetic = Boiling Point because superheroes need love too. A paranormal romance that kicks ass & falls in love.
You know all is not well when Hell resorts to outsourcing to close deals made with the Devil. Or in this case, a guy named Stan.
A new novel for youth and young adults about a group of teens who goes on a quest that could restore balance to the world or destroy it
What if mankind did not start on earth, but came to earth?
Join me in a what-if story on mankind from the first planet to earth.
What thoughts would you be consumed by if you knew you were slowly turning into a zombie?
The World Walkers is a series of 3 novels, with the accompanying Aftermath series that follows the events of World Walkers.
Lauren Frost has a choice to make: die, or save a foreign world to win her life back.
This humorous/romantic novel is my mother's legacy to us and her 7 grandchildren and will be her final stand against Alzheimer's.
I have been working on a novel for 8 years. It is something I would like to finish. I work a full time job and try to make time to ...
Zombiology is the medical science based account of zombiism, written by an M.D., and based on illegal human experiments from the 1930s.
David "madman"? Rogan travels to Peru, ingests the visionary plant medicine ayahuasca, and discovers the secrets to evolution and life.
The War of Men is a three-part, prehistoric dark-fantasy tale, which involves two warlords who fight for control over mankind.
A therapist in Purgatory, trying to help people move on, comes across a crystal that helps change the fate of his despairing clients!
Out of the Storm is a powerful novel about betrayal, midlife transformation, and forgiveness.
Be careful what you wish for.
A tale began years ago with toys instead of text.  It parodies fantasy clichés, particularly those related to myths, legends and RPGs
In a Dystopian United States, a few young Americans ignite a Revolution and find themselves leading a fight to take back their country.
A collection of Grateful Dead inspired, linked short stories
One day the moon explodes. Three years later, a young Orbital Marine returns to earth to find answers to a post-apocalyptic mystery.
Auggie discovers he can heal the sick, follow his misadventures as others try to convince him he's the new messiah...which he's not.
The action adventure, sure to be a Christmas classic, story of the origins of Santa, St Nicholas of Myra, and many holiday tradititions
The funniest novel the NY Times has never heard of.  Similar to Alice In Wonderland for the South Park/Family Guy generation
A suspense novel about an ex con who spends four years planning a heist and has Twenty One Days to execute it.
An homage to the novels of Michael Crichton
Three Moons Realm Publishing presents a new horror/dark comedy novel in the same spirit as Cabin in the Woods
Bigger, Bloodier and Bolder...Describes the latest illustrated anthology in the "Ing the Viking" series!
Unearth the mystical substance that influenced The Greek Gods, The Roman Empire and The Everlasting Christian Faith.
A sniper, torn unjustly from his post. A fugitive, accused of false crimes. A vigilante---the only damn one who won't watch Civil burn.
A fantasy infused re-imagining of Jack London's classic 'Call of the Wild' novella in the style of 'Pride, Prejudice, and Zombies'
This tragic horror novel is the perfect storm of natural and supernatural disaster. It needs help to cover editing costs.
One man believes he is the key to humanity's technological advancement.  Neither ethics nor assassins will deter him.
First novel written and ready to be published! Publisher is interested! Lets get my book on the shelves!
My goal is to write a novel that takes a unique look at the zombie genre, as a dark comedy.
School supernatural Magic Fiction
Leah is married into a Mob family on her 16th birthday. After the death of her Boss husband, she is thrown into the power of the police
Story of xmas characters being infected by the zombie disease and spreading the disease through presents. A special cure is found.
Hey guys, I want to be a self-published writer. I have all this creativity inside me and I started my very first book …
Action-Adventure novels reflective on how this hard world turns good people bad. 2 books available already! Check out what I've created
When Stella hears the vision whisper 'gather the women', she has no idea she's part of a destiny 2,000 years in the making.
Alex is excited about his senior year. Is he the one mentioned in old books to return magic to the world or will dragons break it first
I have a solid fan base, several works in progress, an amazing cover artist, and an editor willing to give me a discount.
Mike's childhood friend goes missing leaving only a few clues that he can follow, testing his spinning moral compass at every turn.
The firefight that soldiers endure in combat and their personal lives.
This is the story of a mother's quest to find her missing daughter. And the quest of a daughter to escape her crazed captor.
New Fantasy Novel -The Weapon Bearer- Coming of age story, featuring Magic, Betrayal, and Epic battle for Humanity.
Human augmentation. Corporate takeovers. Computer hackers, spies, and professional assassins. Oh, and a plot to take over the world.
All hell breaks loose when scientists find the secret to saving humanity from itself. (50 Paperbacks and Marketing Materials)
An engaging, humorous tale of a Jewish UK language student's adventures, studying in Italy with tension, fun, football & love affairs.
What The Dark Brings is a collection of almost thirty dark and scary tales.
To ignite the release of a book that rings as clear as a bell, take hold of my hands, they are warm, and I have stories to tell . . .
The collective adventuring novel, Chronica Casus, details an adventuring party's trials & tribulations in the quest for gold & honor.
2 neurotic pharmacists meet in a federal prison camp, convicted of conspiracy, recruited by the DEA to capture a Mexican drug lord.
After spending the majority of her teen years being a wallflower, Chelsea finds herself being blasted into new and unknown territories.
The Wound Healer is a book of fiction, that is based on reality and it is dedicated to all us that are or  ever have been afflicted.
Quince wakes up to a world where everyone seems to have disappeared, so she does the only thing she can; she begins to search.
Carved Along the Seam is a detective novel, revolving around a serial killer preforming ritualistic murders.
Fictional account of powerful and vindictive men in and out of government who plot to overthrow President Kennedy in a murderous coup
The 3rd installment of my Young Adult Paranormal Series wherein the characters must save the boys of their town from the sirens' call.
A book detailing one man's reaction to mass immigration. The effects on his life, outlook and what he intends to do to change things.
Join the groups of survivors in this uncommon tale of survival where hope, judgement and evolution conform human identity through life.
Listen through the events of John C.’s enlightenment. A provoking thriller where John finds himself investigating mankind’s swan song.
As a life-threatening, contagious disease sweeps the UK, British Government responds with the Containment Act. Help publish this novel!
What happens when an Archangel and a succubus end up having a child? Find out the adventures of her and her companions.
Need to fund the publication etc of my book trilogy Sisters Of Destiny. Sample chapters will be up soon. I am 75% done with book 1.
Luthor is a quiet and typical teenager. On Luthor's 18th birthday, his life changes more than he will know.
Uplifting the world with a new fictional book called No Time To Die
She wouldn't be in danger if it wasn't for him. He wouldn't be vulnerable if it wasn't for her.

Fall In Love With DEATH.
I am writing a paranormal science fiction novel where the Anunnaki are behind world events in a believable manner.
Psychological horror that will make you think twice before starting a diary.
Pithy modernity in romantic agony. Melville and Kafka parked outside a 7/11; H. Miller busts in to start ranting about the internet.
In a world on the brink of societal collapse, Asher Radezlav, a mentally ill, drug addict believes he is witnessing the end.
Help us reprint the  Christian fantasy/sci-fi novel Rise of the Magi to reach new readers.
Politician bribes an oracle to declare that the teen he's targeted is a Goddess descended from the heavens to endorse him.
The Memo is a short novel about the choices in life that shape who we are.  It's also an experiment in community driven design.
Paying for cover art and copy editing for a self published novel by first time author, to be distributed in electronic format.
This book follows the events before and after May 23, 2017.  That is the day the world is begins to die at the hands of men.
An epic historical novel of 19th century royal love, crown politics, intrrigue, war and empire. (1840-1888)
A novel about a man who ends up in another world and fights to free the people of Haven after learning of the city's dark truth.
I'm crowdfunding an advance to help me write the next Tyler Cunningham Adirondack Mystery novel.
Society is devoured by the chaos of desperation.
Come follow David Cameron as he tries to survive the chaos of this new hell.
I'm e-publishing my first novel and need funds for a professional editor, e-formatting, and a professional book cover!
Christopher Hatchet a spy for hire during the early 1700's, is up against a Caribbean pirate cartel.
A poignant story–Gold Rush madam sells brothel, leaves lover for a new life where her secret heartache is unexpectedly revealed.
Join us as we continue to preserve Boy Scout fiction originally published between 1910 and 1935 and make it available to modern scouts.
How do you wake someone from a bad dream if it has become their only reality?  In this novel, one woman finds out.
This story follows the life of a girls turmoil from rape and drug abuse and her turning her life over to God.
New York, NY - 2008

 Street Crime Meets Science - Fiction
When Life starts to come apart, John Allgood must try to see through the deceptions that shroud his life.  Christian view.
Hank Carson, a former LAPD detective, now a freelance writer with two assignments, he encounters two love interests, and two deaths.
Imaginative coherent story about a group of strangers that awake in a  mystical world where magic abounds and thoughts become real.
A game book with style "choose your own adventure" .A new creation inspired in the normandy´s landing, D-day. Don´t imagine it, live it
EVIL IS ALWAYS HUMAN was my first novel. This sequel follows the narrator of that book through his adulthood and his life of crime.
The story of the Magi as never before; three men on a quest to find their destiny in the form of the newborn King of Kings.
Conspiracy's Doorstep is a novel years in the works. I have an editor/marketer waiting to be paid to work.
The inhabitants of Mars have found a way to bring life back to their desolate planet, but many of them are very resistant to change.
Young man turns his mentor's gang into America's first and most powerful black crime organization of the 60s and 70s.
A controversial political thriller about a fatal disease that only afflicts Black people
Discover who Howard Watson is in my new book The Drag. What surprises will Howard face and will he solve the case.
I use to love writing in high school and now it is all I have left, please help.
This kickstarter is so that I can publish my book, Nuclear Tea.
A YA fantasy book featuring a teenage girl who is thrust into a world where magic and mythology are very real.
Indiana Jones meets Back to the Future in an eBook that takes you to the story's rich landscapes through embedded 360° imagery.
Kickstarter to help fund the editing & publication of an action novel, 16Sunsets.
Can one evil be truly greater than another? Two serial killers. One target. MINE! THE psychological, suspense, thriller.
I am currently writing a five book series based on a family.  It is fiction and four of the five books are at least half written.
Fast paced follow-up thriller to “Peaceful Endings”. A time traveler recording historical events is trapped in this century.
Help me made this serie of book worth reading. i have spend ten years working on it and is far from over...i promise and epic adventure
A horror police drama based on the life of Detective Jonathan Harper.  A anime art filled tour de force of horror suspense!
A zombie story that will leave you on the edge of your seat. This is filled with gore, zombies, love, and government coverups!!
Hello! I am working on publishing my first book. It's already written and I have a wonderful editor but I need just a bit more support.
A young adult fantasy series about a 17 year old girl who must carry the heavy burden of protecting the world.
A musician is victim of a vicious crime. The book documents her healing process and the saving relationships she makes along the way.
Full length science fiction saga of the planet of Bazor. First of an action packed trilogy of this planet across the galaxy.
Cubicide is a dark comedy novel by former L.A. Times writer and professional comedian, Katie Love. Funding will be used to promote/advertise Cubicide.
A Texas Catholic Widow that lived very humble in the barrio with her chickens and gave millions to charities!
A tale as tight as a Cheerio! Sapphire Bloom redefines pulp fiction by creating novel-length erotica, combining it with suspense.
Eradication is about the Grim Reaper and his attempt to establish peace by manipulating two boys against each other.
I am writing a fictionalized account of the very real gangland warfare and drug related homicides in Jacksonville, Florida 2007\2012
Dragonstone Chronicles is an epic story of adventure imagined by a young prodigy and written with help from her father and family.
To encourage everyone to get tested HIV/AIDS is a silent killer.Say no to unprotected sex,  one night stand,carry a condom at all time.
Science versus Magic, and a new take on the Greek Zodiac. This is Claw Keeper.
An energetic fantasy story full of quirky adventurers & strong female characters that deals with realizing ones dreams & potential.
Everything in Oz is going to kill him. Well everything in Camp Bundai, which is why he has to figure out how to escape the inescapable.
I'm currently a college student trying to get published. I need money for supplies and my bills while I attempt to find an agent.
A science and fantasy adventure. A random accident puts a young man and his friends in the middle of a war where reality is at stake.
College student Marlene Jones had been dumped by her boyfriend. She is so hurt by the breakup that she is determined to win him back.
I wrote several short stories about life in New Orleans now I need help getting them typed edit printed and published.
Promoting "Everything and Anything You Want Nothing to Be," book written by me, and published through Author House.
The Pink Sneakers Club is a fast paced story with rich characters and witty dialogue. Each chapter narrated in the voice of each girl.
A poor guy gets lassoed into a crazy adventure when an old boyfriend of his beautiful girlfriend tries force his way back in.
The Supposed So Trilogy/A Pair Of Honest Men is a project to release three novellas and an accompanying music album.
When the devil and the Angel of Destruction join forces to destroy fate itself, the hope of man becomes 5 strangers and a lone demon.
I don't want to give out too much of the story, or there won't be a reason to read the book...i just need you to trust me its epic.
Fantasy horror trilogy. One dragon vows revenge for his race, massacred by the evil ruler of Traum while a prince avenges his mother.
A little Devil girl just wants to be good. Given a powerful wand, she decides to become a superhero. Adventures and hilarity ensue.
Dystopia about the evolution of sex, sexuality, social cracks. SF, action and thriller all in one.
A  novel about a young girl named Wendi Rainwater, who is suddenly thrown into a new world where the old Greek gods rule like kings.
The debut novel from Shaun Carter. 
It has fear, loss, heartbreak, despair... And aliens.
You're not going to want to miss this.
"In the Absence of the Sun" is a spiritual love story. A passionate journey from love to the awakening of eternity. Leading to "The Space Within"
This project is for the editing, covers, and formatting for the second, third, and fourth books in the Sword of Nalin series.
Dale Abbot is pushed to his limits by the unforeseen consequences of the long and lonely deep space mission he is employed on.
When evolution becomes a war, intelligence is the deadliest weapon.
AT LAST! Hilarious Observations for everyday every situations concerning race, religion, gender, class, creed and sex!
Port Lycos, Indiana is a project that is underway to create the first 'soap-appera'.
Desperate Shadows:Civilian Liberties is a novel about a divided town where everyone holds a deadly secret and no one can be trusted.
I have written two non-fiction books, including the one pictured above. Now, I'd love to be able to try my hand at fiction.
"Plan 9 From Outer Space" will be published in two parts on Kindle and other eReaders.  Here's your chance to see it in print!
I've written a Civil War spy novel set in my hometown of Lancaster, PA.  I need help getting it printed.
This story will be about a man who lives in isolation. This man will face trials and moral decisions of everyday life and beyond.
The manuscript is ready; book clubs are chomping at the bit, but my pockets are empty. Help publish the last of the Isaac Hunt trilogy.
A steampunk mashup novel written by H.G. Wells and Joseph Bridges. Now there are ROBOTS in this steampunk Victorian world!
With his first novel in “The Alaventae” series, Jeffrey Johnston takes Epic Fantasy story telling to a whole new level.
Don't Stop. Don't Look Back. Just Run ~~ Massacre at Lonesome Ridge, a zombie western. October 2013
A novel covering a vast world telling its story through the eyes of many characters bringing the world to life in this gripping fantasy
Imagine this world fully covered in snow and Ice. This is a story about that and the mission to overcome our eventual fate.
A novel about technology, reality, actualization, ethics, transcendence, and global climate chaos.
Is there a way out of a life of mental illness? Find out the hidden truth in "This EXIT" #book of fiction
Become part of the adventures of Marcus Hunt, hitman turned hero, who's world of conspiracy, revenge, and deception will pull you in
A real-life treasure hunt with clues hidden in a Denver ghost story.
A Sunday matinee shoot’em up with a dash of philosophy and tension as an ancient code deals with an increasingly modern world.
The Seven Stones is a series of books following the fantastical adventures of the unexpected heroes in each land.
A book series based on ancient fragments/writings from 7th Cent BCE - a 'Game of Thrones' style tale of love, lust, murder and betrayal
I wrote two novels in Italian, and I believe that English translation could give them the visibility to the public they deserve.
What was the world of our past?
Atlantis was a kingdom of wealth and riches.
Here is a record of that time and the quest of a woman.
A dark addicting story of a man suffering from PTSD that is attempting to reconnect with his past while maintaining his sanity.
Money for self-publishing of first two books of a new fantasy series.
A serial killer, an accidental death, and a new love, twist Cosette into a person she never wanted to be.
A team of super-powered soldiers begin a city-wide hunt for the deadly mercenary that killed the team's leader.
As a missionary, Adam had a vision of how to build a loving church, but a sudden widower in a foreign country - his soul was lost.
Bringing Paranormal YA and Fantasy books to a surreal new level like never before.
I will be self publishing my debut novel, Too Good to Be True this later year.
This is a fantasy adventure of one heroic cycle. Heroes are born. Destinies fulfilled. Legend and myth come alive in a battle of power.
We have a target budget of $2000.00 that needs to be met to be able to release this book. Thank You for your amazing support!
My new book titled Keep Your Enemies Closer Is Coming to a Bookstore Near You Soon.
An amalgam of Lord of the Rings and Hitchhiker's Guide with a painfully deceptive title.  There is no river
My project is an illuminated historical fantasy novel set in Central America about a thousand years ago.  
Self-published southwest Michigan author S.P. Kaye plans for her public book tour.
Publish my novel and bring fiction to life by placing a real memorial brick in Como Park for a character from the book. 
I would like to self publish Newton Town as it is a project i have had lots of great responce from. I would like to see it in shops
When you were a child, your parents told you there were no such things as monsters. They LIED!!!!!
Join us in publishing The Wailing Waters, by Haisam Elkewidy, the Post-Apocalyptic Sci-Fi novel the world has been waiting for.
A haunting tale of a warrior unicorn tormented by the death of her love. A world of dangerous magic. An ancient war with humanity.
Callum Webber-Moore's initial offering  - A gay erotic four chapter book, introducing you to the promiscuous & geeky life of Jack.
The Rule of Love is an epic novel set in ancient India at the height of the Gupta Empire.  The novel will be available September 2012.
MusicScapes is a four-part thematically linked series of books titled - Embouchure, Gotte Spake Musica, Jazz, East
The Majestic is a new fiction book, ready for publication that helps people discover their true identity and freedom in Christ.
Project: create a hybrid of a young adult full-length action-adventure romance fantasy & a graphic novel using stunning illustrations
Amazon is a World of Witches, & Faeries!  This story, 'the Twelfth Queen' is the first of three stories!
A general fiction work with a science fiction twist. It is multigenre and contains poetry, myth, play script format, and illustrations.
A Fantasy series following Adanin Lodair.  Paladin... Hero... Bringer of change from which the world will never recover.
A start-up, used bookstore, keeping physical books alive in the technology driven age.
I'm writing a fantasy/period fiction piece called "The Southern Queen", and I need help funding my publishing.
"AJAX!" A Steam-Punk Genre trilogy that tells Aaron Jaxler's traumatic story of loss, vengeance, and atonement.
A novel with two pages per day written over 6 months that you can read as it's created! Receive 14 pages a week in the mail!
A Duplicate Moon: may your dreams become your reality.
A chilling novel about the corruption surrounding medical malpractice cases. Based on a true story.
Publisher of Willesden Herald new short stories, the best new short fiction from home and abroad.  This year's judge is Roddy Doyle.
The Godlike is the first of a three book series following main characters college student Matthew and Mugen the immortal.
Ariana is about to start college in California! Life is about to get really exciting but perhaps not in the way she originally thought!
A collection of contemporary Spec Fic short stories and art BY Indigenous writers/artists OR relating to the Indigenous experience.
A story of two childhood friends Vincent & Frankie who grew up in Hollywood/Los Angeles in the 1960s. They both had dreams of...
Ian must venture on a quest to fight the Femtheists, an extremist group of brutal females who have managed to seize North America
A children's book for any age in the spirit of "The Little Prince", "Where the Wild Things Are, and the Narnia books.
Be a part of literary history by making this powerful story about an impoverished girl from Louisiana a best seller
An exciting new fantasy novel, set in a dangerous world that connects every city on the planet.
Amnesiac, Ethian, has given up on finding his past, but the reappearance of the Nasots forces him to uncover the link between the two.
Some kind of monster is a collection of poems and short stories inspired by desperation and events around portland oregon.
This is a self-published book that is currently available. My goal is to get enough money to improve the book with the aid of editors.
Eden Relics is a fast-paced, acton-packed adventure story based in the UK. Number 8 in Amazon Action/Adventure Nov 2012.
Thomas Hugo is a man out for revenge. He's a hunter...a vampire hunter.
A novel about three generations of women and how depression has impacted their lives.  Set against the backdrop of a quirky small town.
What happens when the Archangel of Justice starts doubting the Creator and falls? A whole lot of adventure.
A young adult LGBTQ novel by award-winning author Amber Lehman. A boy's story about bullying, redemption, courage and self-acceptance.
if someone told us to describe our project in one tweet we'd say "what's a tweet" and then we'd say "sexting in calibri is book about a
I'm a stay-at-home mom of four children raising funds to publish my first book Dryad's Touch, an introduction to the Void Waker series.
A project with a broad narrative, Omnitect focuses on those who sacrifice everything in a universe that isn't fair. Ignorance is bliss.
5-Book Fiction/Sci-fi/Paranormal Series Promotes Faith Regardless of Religion
This project has been tipped as the next fantasy blockbuster to hit shelves and screens by independent and credible sources.
The demoness Lillith forges a friendship with a down-on-his-luck man as they dodge an atheist priest with a super-soaker of holy water.
Help me take time off to write a novel about the Iraq war. I will draw on my own experiences in Iraq to create an original novel
When the zombie apocalypse hits it's up to  a couple of geeks to save themselves from the undead masses...and themselves.
"Harley C.I." tells the story of an ex-con turned confidential informant as he helps a team of detectives take down a gang of thieves.
Launching a serialization of newest Tom McKenna thriller: The Ransom. Heart pounding novel guaranteed to grab readers and not let go.
Monopoly is an original story by Smashwords author Steve Kenny. It is dystopian social science fiction, set in the near future.
I want to go to a self publishing conference/ expo in N.Y.C. in November and promote the 4 titles in my catalog
Urban Fiction, book, Ghetto, Love, Drama, Murder
In Extremis: Chasing Shadows is a book set in a new fantasy universe steeped in lore and made complete by a soundtrack and art.
One should never eat White Castles alone. Now you won't have to with 30 short, short stories about those delicious sliders.
A series of three fiction "chronicles" (novellas) depicting the struggles that gay African American men face living here in America.
Two Arizona Cow Girls in Vegas wondered into a situation and are tide-up with the Triad Association, running for their lives.
A science fiction novel set in our future world.
Where mankind is dismally enslaved and liberation appears out of reach. Until....
By day, Abby is what the world tells her to be. By night, alone with her imagination, she is who she wants to be...
Interested in globalization, sustainability and change? Kickstart stories focused on current cultural and environmental themes. 
Your Fiction Here! is looking to publish your fiction in an anthology to be published as an E-Book.
An urban fantasy discarding the usual tropes in favor of ancient gods and the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse.
First Draft of a story exploring what Housewives and Prisoners will get upto in the future (but not necessarily together).
This is a novel I'm working on, and I need your help to get it to market.
In one single day a man recalls his journeys through lust, laughter, love, hatred, family, death and more sex.
"Human" is an anthology featuring different genres and pieces representing the many different moods and viewpoints of...well...a human.
Ripping Publishing launches once more with the number one SF bestseller and cult classic. First of the Dyason series.
This project is to raise money to help get the publicity needed to make John Russo's latest novel DEALEY PLAZA into a movie.
My real name is Mary Shelley Williams. I am in the process of writing my second book, but need funding to copyright and publish them.
This fiction is an original idea written about the fallen angels in the pre flood days of scripture.
The second book of a new YA fantasy series introducing Neiko a Native American warrior. Neiko must escape from Egypt and Ramesses II
Truman Kills Twice is a modern warrior who rose above challenges and pain to become a billionaire and lead his tribe to success.
I am looking to raise funds to publish my first novel Bloodlines - Book One of the Chiroptera Chronicles.
This project is for one short story. If it gets funded, I'll write the story. If you fund it, you'll get the story.
motived by the love of a man, a concern for her children, will create a world in the 18th century that depict sacrifice and endurance
Kindle platform ebook (for now) of how Bilbo's sword, Sting, got its magical powers and some additional unknown tricks it contains.
A story of two people falling in love again through thousands of emails fifty years after they were separated by a long distance move.
 Driven Away, a story about human nature, our ability to forgive (or not), and how we pick up the pieces when our lives are shattered.
The side splitting romcom of a hapless libido, think '50 shades' meets 'Men Behaving Badly' and 'Monty Python'. A new take on the genre
Story of one brother going against the odds to save his younger brother from teenage drug dealers.
A fiction novel about the power of the internet, addiction, love and loss.  Help me publish my first novel, and get some sweet rewards!
A new cover, a few interior illustrations, and a small print run for my self-published anthropomorphic sci-fi novel.
The first installment of The Naiad Chronicles quartet is ready for print in collectible hardback editions!
"This is the second installment to the first book that everyone who loves drama will not be able to put down"
Colorful Narrative about a teenager who constantly gets kicked out of her abusive mothers house, then has the epiphany to stay gone...
A Book about an odd young woman named Carey O'Neil who works a regular day job & a unusual night job seeking soul mate w/ no luck...yet
The first book in a planned 6 book saga dealing with the reincarnation of the Star Goddess Mina and awakening the spirits of Vali.
A novel inspired by true events, a career woman loses it all to a stroke, but rebuilds her life beyond her greatest expectations.
Lands of brave warriors, fair maidens and magic. Welcome to the world of Duradin.
A thrilling tale of love, war, intrigue, and the lengths people will go to live together in peace. [ 321 pages / 90,000 words. ]
A magical adventure book for 9-90 years, it's being published anyway but you could be on the dedication page in the FRONT of the book!
He set out to prove a theory. Now he’s racing to save the galaxy from his mistake. An action-packed adventure into the unknown.
Four books--top notch editing, easy to read formatting, amazing covers. I need you to get them on the shelf (or the e-reader)!
Science has been replaced by dark, supernatural forces controlling the world. But the resistance fights back in this 4-part series.
Creating an opportunity to put an excellent print book into your hands
Looking to publish two under 200-page books. We need more "dime-paperback" type books that are complete and not multi-volume.
Following an extraordinary chain of events, a young couple embarks on a life-changing mission with unexpected consequences.
Out of work father trying to get 2nd book published - self publishing  difficult. First book good reviews. Inner voice is singing.
This project is to raise funds for my Fantasy Novel The Prophecy of Kalodorim, Revelations. 
Eine Geschichte über die zerrüttete Gesellschaft der Menschen nach dem 3. Weltkrieg... geteilt in 3 Fraktionen.
Establishing a reasonably affordable publishing company, which offers entrepreneurial mentorship services to clientele
I'm an aspiring writer looking to take my book (currently on the market) to the next level.
I'm sick of life, school and distractions. Need help so I can focus on writing and publishing my trilogy. More to come after these.
A dark novel that leads you down a series of rabbit holes, and at the end sends you through multiple loops, just to blow your mind.
Don't let the title fool you--this is not a how-to-book.  It's a suspense thriller and I need a little help with promotion.
A little boy's dream playing in the NFL, through life's lessons, becomes a man's achievement of being the oldest rookie to ever play.
A colorful picture book about walking mushrooms! Mushroom art isn’t just for the 70’s anymore, get kids excited to get outside again!
The Harmony Hills series is about a group of twenty-somethings trying to discover who they are and find their way in the world.
Serial novel about the Hilton Siamese Twins, the most famous sideshow and vaudeville freaks in history.
Light and dark forces clash in an epic battle over humanity, territory, and the soul and love of one mortal girl.
This novel is a psychological thriller about a post-911 family tragedy. Above all, it deals with the lie of the century.
I have one book fully edited and ready to print and two more that will be ready by the end of November. My dream is almost my reality!
Who would you become after eight months with no sun in the coldest place on earth?
So, I'm walking down the yellow brick road, so called because some of the guys who are heavy drinkers don't always make it to the latri
An original, fast-paced action/adventure novel packed with humor, wit and a host of twists–all wrapped in a deeply philosophical theme.
This 3rd novel is a Christian Fiction/Fantasy novel as part of a 4-novel series. It is about overcoming adversity & finding oneself.
A book that will have you loving every moment of it,
Action packed yet a mystery at the same.....A true original never before seen.
...ABORTION DEBATE SOLVED!...
So the world thought, not until a decade or so later.......
A Priest, and Irishman, and a Pirate walk into a pub. Sail along for the adventure in this historical fiction prequel of, Captain Hook.
Nick Shaw, private eye, is hired by a Hollywood theater producer to find a missing actress.
A fictional tale that turns the standard vampire and werewolf mythos upside down.
The earth is dying, as is the fae world, and the fae will stop at nothing to save them. Including the destruction of mankind.
Gary Reilly left behind 25 novels when he died in 2011. 5 published to date, all hits. Seeking to keep Gary Reilly's legacy alive.
I'm writing a book about good and evil.  It takes myths and legends, using real places and events in history to teach and entertain.
Thanks to all the supporters !!  Please keep in touch via email : maiddubai@yahoo.com or facebook: Maid inDubai.
Believed to be dead, Misha returns to a home she never knew existed and the man who killed her mother returns for the girl he missed
Just like fire and ice conflict, so do Michael Greggor's memories of his life. He now  fights for reality.
Matthew Ashford has starred for two decades on the Emmy Winning Series, "DAYS OF OUR LIVES". Now he wants to bring a new story to life!
An anthology of stories, all with a twist ending, that will thrill and chill you by the fireside.
An imaginative tale of the first woman, vampire and demon in modern times.
The diary of Jim, a 52 year old businessman who suddenly finds himself single and goes Internet Dating for the first time in his life.
Two twin sisters dressed in Purple in a Mysterious Purple Chauffeured Limousine take you on one of the wildest rides of your life.
A Tonge in Cheek, but practical book about the do's and don'ts of every day life.
Join the crew to publish a middle-grade novel set aboard USS Constitution during the opening weeks of the War of 1812.
I want to have a short story pubished in paperback format as I feel this is a more equal and accessible format.
L3 Media triumphs in its publishing debut with the highly entertaining & smartly paced thriller, From The Waist Up by Lawson Brooks.
A beloved king is dead. A dark force has covered the land. A lost scroll holds the key to restoration. The truth must save them all...
Set in Guatemala, Petals is a psychological thriller about a girl caught between a painful past and an unwelcome future.
In short, the protagonist, Christian Daye must bring about Judgement Day before Lucifer can bring about Armageddon.
Publish 'Fingerprint of Christ' to paper form.
I wrote a comedy, won an award, self-published, and now need the benefit of a professional book editor.
What's in your DNA? How far would you go to change it? How far would you go to save the world... or end it?
A four novel arc set in the world of harness racing featuring a colorful set of characters whose predilections tend toward unsavory.
Farenia is an odd world filled with some odd people. Somehow Jayrith and his friends always cross paths with them...Adventure awaits!
Funds to publish a literary novel about the journey of a young Puerto Rican woman desperate to unravel the mystery surrounding her absent father~
Son of lost Vietnam POW & drug addict mom battles through difficult upbringing after meeting a fellow inmate and turning to basketball
Could you be a sociopath? Follow one woman's journey into the depths of despair, having lost her identity, only to find a new one.
A professional magazine of Science Fiction & Fantasy for emerging authors.
An advertisement campaign to get my novel, The Valorus Chronicles: Schism in the hands of readers and on the shelves of book retailers.
Unpredictable, arousing, horrific & humorous journey of a sex therapist/lingerie shop owner dedicated to the calamity of our sex lives
"The CitySpire is such a terrifying place precisely because we can't compare it to anything that we know" - K3books.com, Gothic Sci-fi
Apocalyptic Fiction with 383 pages of unadulterated, blood, guts, and all glory bad ass novel. (Reader's discretion advised!)
Mars Series Books portray a future in which corporations control everything. Scout Ellison and his group rebel and start over on Mars.
I'm looking for funding to have the completed manuscript professionally edited to and self published to be sold in book stores.
Where do you turn when “I’m sorry” isn’t enough?
A life's work into a novel with the feel of a classic. The journey of a man through calamity, reality, and desire to find his home.
Choose your tribe.  Answer your call.

The powerful coming-of-age story of a young woman face to face with a deadly enemy.
A teenage boy from the South Boston projects has come as the true Utopian Messiah, or the Comforter, as foretold in The New Testament.
Jean Archer and her teenage P.A.S.S. team are about to begin the most explosive paranormal investigation of their lives.
The love-child of Monty Python and Edgar Allen Poe is writing a hilarious book to be illustrated by Michaelangelo's half-brother Dave.
One game, one story, one community. The Legend of Dragoon is the hub of it all. The years pass, but the legend isn't forgotten.
How much is Geddis willing to lose to regain the life her father relinquished?
7 Deadly Women is about 7 women of varying ages living in the 1900's, who infiltrate a London's gentlemen's club with various motives.
A story of discovery, obsession, deception, and betrayal and how three very different people struggle to cope with their demons.
A darkly humorous future autobiography of one man's odyssey to become Emperor of Earth
Climbing Olympus is a novel about man's quest for perfection, and his ultimate and inevitable achievement thereof.
The misadventures of stripper-turned-vampire Audra Perez continue in this second installment of hilarious hijinks & sizzling drama!
The novel TimeArc is a climate tale of glacial warming, a cautionary tale of disruptive technology, with a multi-media appendix.
Four teenagers find themselves hopping between different worlds, each with their own threats and dangers, to defeat a great evil.
Lies, Betrayal, Manipulation, the only actions in the world after the Attack. Can Tyler find a way to fix it? Otherwise theres No Hope.
A story written through the world of a young girl who was born blind. She lives in a world of vibrations, hearing sounds we cannot.
A novel about changing the planet by bringing more spiritual energy to bear using group participation to create Critical Mass.
Years after an uprising of the Undead, a drifter discovers a community of people surviving in an old movie theatre.
A marketing entrepreneur and a professional hockey player in love - two ambitious men caught between personal and professional goals.
Bi-Curious George is SOLD OUT! Help print more copies and also convert the illustrations so we can start merchandising!
A science fiction adventure novel from Stephen Knight, author of THE GATHERING DEAD and CITY OF THE DAMNED
This project's goal is to professionally edit and market a Messiah-Bride Chick-lit, "The Double Rose" by Lynne Erickson Valle.
Full-length novel about a woman's quest to avenge her sister, main character: female prison guard in a unique position to seek revenge.
Simply put, I'm trying to get my passion project novel into the public eye, but I just want compelling illustrations to accompany it.
A soft sci-fi story featuring an African American protagonist who is transported to a seemingly perfect world yet ominous world.
A collection of odd tales by Michael Picco
An Italian Toronto immigrant gains paranormal Mafia initiation from mental illness, tale starts by revealing La Cosa Nostra's origins.
An Expose of Vampires Existing In Modern Day America: How And Where They Live, Their Culture, Their Rituals, Their Blood Lust...
A young-adult novel set in an alternate world where supernatural beings are considered "normal" and mortals are considered outcasts.
FantastiCon is a quirky novel about a fan girl going to the best con, and having the worst time. Now it needs the care of an editor.
A poor guy gets lassoed into a crazy adventure when an old boyfriend of his beautiful girlfriend tries force his way back in.
Aegri Somnia Vana is a book title for a work aimed to assist those suffering from mental illness by following real life stories.
A Sci-Fi/Horror book about a potentially deadly man-made nano virus. I need your help to cover proof reading and editing.
An homage to the classic book 'Flowers for Algernon;, this is a unique twist on the generic zombie mythos.  Coming soon to retailers and to you!
A trek through the afterlife where all gods, myths and legends come together as one to tell you their stories.
Looking to turn this illustrated script-novel into an exciting audio book. Anyone who donates will receive a free digital copy.
A Book About The Destruction Of Earth By An Atlantian Whose Soul Is Dead Like Her Heart!  Nubara A 3 Book Series...Coming Soon!
There's more to vampires than fangs and shiny sparkles... Join Ethan as he pursues the deadly truth behind these cold-blood killers.
What started as a FanFic [Twilight inspired] became a story of intrigue, frustration, admiration and most certainly love.
A techno-thriller novel that pits a band of renegades against the National Security Agency and their plans for a surveillance state.
The second installment of the Empire of Blood series plus a Kickstarter exclusive signed hardcover novella.
YOU can contribute to my novel SCRAP METAL drive!
HI I'm writing a book about these three teens and their journey through high school I'm practically done all I need is the funding
Six years of research into movie story to create a teenage action romance novel, whose fans help create a Hollywood movie.
Raising the funds to complete and self-publish my novel. Potentially the next "great book series"....fingers crossed.
I plan to publish Peter Watts Blindsight like unique edition with one illustration after at least every twentieth page
A novel written by Sarah Schwartz about a fantasy world in the age of steam, to be published as her legacy.
Heaven doesn’t like demons. And Hell doesn’t like angels. That creates a problem in the life of Keaira Murphy, a succubus/angel hybrid.
This is the start of a new fantasy series ready to grow and expand. It is a wonderfully story that a reader can be be immersed.
A Chick-lit about a woman who has lots in life- except friends, and her path to finding them, leading to some funny encounters
Both website and novel, Ten Crowns is the gateway to imagination. It is fiction on a grand scale, and it is only just beginning.
I have set up Disbray Media Publishing and want to fund the project so that I can Publish Independent Authors and Musicians
A  musical, psychiatric story told by a narrator with obsessive-compulsive disorder, a big mouth and voices in her head.
A comedy-drama novel set around a family of Gypsies in the English countryside.
Forces, a novel I wrote. It showcases and apocalyptic world full of giant monsters, mecha, and the supernatural. A real fight or flight
I will write a serial fiction for a year, post it to my website as it is written, and then self publish it once it is complete.
Parody of Fifty Shades of Grey. “What is the appropriate response to finding out a potential lover is a complete sasquatch?"
A series of adult exploitation genre novellas.

Each book telling an original stand alone story in the style of exploitation cinema.
Best short crime novel about a law enforcement officer and his plan to revenge his partners death
A space opera for a new generation, darker, faster, and scarier then any space opera before. Our history meets our future.
Self-publish my new novel Amends, a present day thriller. Project includes steps to create a trade paperback version and an e-book.
The story follows an ex-cop living in Staten Island, who is launched on a perilous quest to save his family & others from Sandy's fury.
Editor/Cover Artist Funding Project for my Fantasy Novel "Chess With Agatha" which I'm hoping to Self Publish in Dec, 2012-Jan, 2013.
Like so many Authors, brainstorming a story into a masterpiece takes efforts and dedication. To get it into the world takes a lot more!
The inhabitants of Mars have found a way to bring life back to their desolate planet, but many of them are very resistant to change.
Jonathon Kage is Jack of Shadows; he who can step into a shadow & out of any other shadow in the world. Evil stalks him.
Hood, Inc. will chronicle the story of the US military's first female gang leader. She was the wake up call the US military needed....
A science-fiction novel about thoughts on God and how society and individuals are affected when a God actually appears on earth.
This is a story of two brothers who take on the world and the law along side notorious gangsters.
Robert Russo finds himself incarcerated after his uncompromising abhorrence for a materialistic society tests his convictions.
An adventure for the whole family. A story filled with action, dragons, wizards, and the destiny of a young man who will be king.
A successful misguided family man must protect his daughter after she murders his mistress.
A fantasy story about a young man's desperate fight to save his home and his family from an old and relentless enemy
We want to create the most unique literary experience that you will ever have!  Explore us.
I am completing a novel that follows one mans conflict between his faith and modern life
writing a book to be published
There are few novels written that capture the imagination and takes you on a suspenseful and thrilling ride like Level Of Conspiracy!
The first book in a planned series (at least 3). Demons, possession, love, loss and battling destiny.
An erotic tale of secrets, lies, and deception.
First book in a series of three. Two are complete. Great review from editor and publisher.
Book subscription box that donates to a different charity each month. Spoil yourself and make a difference at the same time.
I aim to bring a novel written in my youth to press and commit to writing a Sci-Fi novel for the sponsors of this project in 2013.
A lonely man struggles with his own demons to find out why the girl he loved died. Please, help "Poetic" see print!
A novel about a young man, Zach, with a schizoaffective mental disability who goes on a road trip with the Monkey God.
Funding required to do research and aquire contacts in Haida Gwaii, British Columbia to support the writing of a children's novel.
A girl from the South going through a transitional phase in her life falls into an interracial relationship with a rich, damaged, man.
"To Hell In A Handbasket" is a paranormal novel to be published April 2012 as part of the "Halos & Horns" fantasy saga.
Hello World 5000 is a mashup of frontier life and a digital age where tribes of children start a new world, and rediscover the old one.
In 2050, Robin Hood fights Social V3 Elites for freedom over our online communities and entertainment.
A book signing and live music tour of the southeastern USA states with in-home private performance parties including readings & songs.
Carpe diem. A young man dies, an old man lives. Two stubborn lives converge in a tale of regret and misery--but hope is ever present.
The first book in a series of six techno fantasy novels and the introduction to a new and fantastic world.
The existence of both Heaven & Hell depend on the slave labor of the souls of Purgatory, who toil in service to the 2 realms.
The Bourne Series Meets The Book of Eli.
Compelling and inspirational fiction about real life Christians facing real world problems that do not satirize the church.
Hunger Games meets Bourne Legacy meets Atlas Shrugged meets Web 3.0 = Big-Data Government spawns Machine-to-Machine Intelligent Agents.
Two detectives battle a killer that takes trophies from his kills and taunts the two detectives as they scramble to catch him!
A series of short horror stories based upon local folklore of incidents occurring at and around the Secret Sidewalk in Niles Canyon, CA
Making an audio book of my comedic novel "How to Survive the Apocalypse In Style". Watch the funniest Kickstarter video of all time!
Darren the Cowboy (hereon: DtC) can best be described as a fusion of Harry Potter-style young adult drama and old-west sensibilities
The battle between Angels and Demons rage all around us. What plans do they have for mankind?  The Carabon family is about to find out.
Every decision you have ever made was built on fear.  This riveting tale challenges our personal relationship with fear.
Into The East: The Razing, is a "Star Wars meets 300" Sci-Fi Novel Series, part one of a trilogy.
This is a story of Van Helsing's daughter and her boyfriend (a ghost) who won't stop haunting her.
Countless explores science, psychology and spirituality to present the reader with a deeply disturbing story... 

Could it be true?
The world's first super-hero has discovered that absolute powers corrupts absolutely.  Can he be stopped?
They wanted an adventure.  Little did they know that their adventure would take them to a cave and a search for a hidden medallion.
A fiction novel inviting the reader to courageously dive deep through their fears to share their heart and passions with the world.
An average boy living an average life, or is he? When Kyo is one  day kidnapped, he learns he's pretty special after all, so they say
Help kick start someone's journey to self-transformation.  Back the publishing of this practical self-help book and change lives.
QUIET ENJOYMENT is a moving funny novel of one friend's attempts to help another deal with AIDS in Baltimore and rural Pennsylvania.
Nobility is the legendary tale of a young boy's transformation into a knight, and a hero for the ages.
A New Novel by James "Mac" McCarty-a provocative and gripping new novel played out in the secretive hierarchy of the Vatican!
The War of Antiquities is a four book project consisting of twenty two individual episodes. Prequel to The Eternal Gateway trilogy.
This multi-author collection will be a follow-up to Dybbuk Press' She Nailed a Stake Through His Head: Tales of Biblical Terror.
The dreadful and pretentious scifi adventures of John Rockman written by an author with irrational self-interest and no experience.
A Land Beyond the Rainbows。
One tragic day Amanda Rose's life changes forever. Years later a stranger appears with an offer but is she brave enough to accept it?
This is a tale of my father's service with the 104th Inf Reg during WWII. It is written using his voice. The true view of combat life.
A Christian themed trilogy, set in a sci-fi/fantasy reality, where a teen must deal with personal beliefs that conflict with his duty.
This is a futuristic, fictional book that examines 6 people whose lives intersect at the 20th Anniversary of the 28th Amendment.
The origin story of a genius Mexican mathematician who becomes the prophetess for a new religion that becomes a terrorist organization.
Pamela reveals the enlightenment of discovering one’s true self—how thoughts create reality—while she weaves a tale of intrigue.
A project to fund research, editing, and completion of the remaining two books in the series, set in Kelty Scotland and London England.
What would you do if you woke up in the morning and discovered that the internet was completely gone?
First episode in the series of Cherry's adventures set in the heart of the San Francisco art and cultural renaissance.
The Dragon Sage, Galddor, has been the liaison to the Sovereign Dragons for many years. Now his past may present a dangerous challenge.
"The Facestone" is the first novel in the Misadventures of Mr. Creed Trilogy, a contemporary fantasy tale by M. B. Wright.
A story about love and relationships from a man's perspective
An epic sci-fi adventure across the universe to restore the last creation and stop an evil plot that threatens all of existence.
The imaginative is laid in a blood-feuded historical arena where juggle societal and psychological controversies.
I am pushing towards publishing my first book. It is a mafia romance that is set in the future.
Individuals that has gone through dealing with pain and struggles especially while living in a urban society
Twenty odd tales: Opie encounters a UFO with disastrous results; a physician has "problematic" kids; cruise-ship orgies ... etc.
A chilling who-done-it with a great plot, this still needs a strong cover design & copy editor before it can be successfully published.
Support this book because not everything in life can or should be reduced to tweets. E-mail brancusisupreme@hotmail.com PS: art = > $
A fiction series of heroic proportions with over 667 characters written in Penny Dreadful type issues and split in to seasons
20-year-old college kid has dreams of being a published author - Help make it happen!
The Collective, an exciting Post-Apocalyptic journey thru future America.  Think Mad Max meets Hunger Games.
An evolved human race trapped beneath the deepest place on earth breaks free. Join Victor as he escapes his life and finds purpose
She was raised to hunt faeries; he was raised from the dead. Together, they will confront the greatest enemy they've ever faced.
The Fourth Prometheus is a Steampunk take on the Frankenstein mythology set in Boston and Arizona in the year 1897.
Picaresque retro fiction. Bill Evans-Miles Davis-Kind of Blue-Matisse-RocknRoll-James Joyce. Novel requires art cover & publication.
Pandora's box in book form. Life issues, teen issues and then a little bit of fantasy to spice it up.
The Lab: In this end of the world, out of the world experience, a new light is cast on Earth origins, end of the world, and Aliens.
I'm self-publishing my latest novel, "I, Monster," and I am raising funds for professional editing and a magnificent cover!
I want to be able to finish my vampire fiction book that spans 800 years, hence it is the legend of a vampire clan.
It's death all around and survival is the key, but how far will one go to do so and how long with they last?
My name is Graham Soloman and I am an author looking for funding to get my series of three books published, marketed and sold to shops
Golma is a compilation of stories and art centering on twelve characters and their fight for survival against each other.
A chaotic world threatens nuclear survivors in the apocalyptic Armageddia book series. Fund their shattered future...
Scott is a pop culture fiend, Nana is full of secrets and Maureen is out to destroy them both. Who will get back to the island of gold?
A novel introducing 1,000 inner city teens in Los Angeles to the process of recovery from father absence and parental rejection.
Looking for publishing assistance to get this to market.
I have been working relentlessly on my first novel for a few years now and need the funds to finish it and to help me get it published
This will be books 2 and 3 of my trilogy that I plan to professional edit, buy cases to sell on website, stock in bookstores, and promo
Aggatha's Adventure is an exciting tale of little girl that is about to be thrown in to a rather big adventure
It is the second book of my series it is compltet just want an editer and published.
Sphere of Eternity is a sorcery-fantasy series, planned for a 3-part release
Help me bring my Christmas horror story (fiction) to the English reading audience
A Horror story where a social food trend provides the means for a forgotten evil to reawaken and consume new victims.
A man is traveling to see his father who has only days to live, and he must come to terms with the anger he has towards him.
This novel is set in the 1920's golden age of the carnival. The book is fully written and just needs help reaching that next step.
My project is to host a creative conference for writers where they can assemble, socialize, and participate in fun writing activities.
“Spear of Seth” is my new novel. It will be will be published by Virtual Tales in 2011. 
This book will make you laugh, make you cry and make you fall in love all over again.
No matter how average you think you are, there's always an emotion eating, limb controlling, life destroying druid to change your mind.
Print and digital publication founded upon the idea that great storytelling involves excellent technique and value evaluation.
A humorous, epic and enchanting novel of religious and historical fantasy. For lovers of JK Rowling and J.R.R. Tolkien.
ESKER ~ Is a great suspense horror novel that will leave the reader guessing right up until the very last paragraph.
An original, captivating tale of romance and adventure that unearths an unexplored mystery of Biblical times. First of a triology.
I am a new self published author. I am looking for funds for promoting and editing my series.
People of Color Fantasy and Science Fiction Writing Community. Upload your stories and artwork for free.
A graphic novel trilogy based on different doctrines, Secret knowledge of the Occult and multiple other mythologies.
Earth without Gravity. Whats left of humanity thrives underground, burrowed from threats known and those yet to be discovered.
Ghosts is a science fiction novel that explores a future world where white people no longer exist, and are known only as "Ghosts."
Create buzz for Secondhand Sight, a supernatural thriller about an ordinary man facing extraordinary circumstances.
I've had a story in my head since i was a kid and i'm now trying to bring it to life. I have many dreams, I'd like to fulfil one
Miyuki was once a slave. Then she met Ana'Ra. They have fallen in love with each other; the coming year will test that love's limits.
I want to write a series of books which will be based on our family's experiences plus fun activities for the children and family.
An end of the world love story. A disease epidemic kills all but a few and survival and love are all that is left. Love conquers all.
My novel Closure is a satirical comedy. It is humour with a social message. I need funds to print copies to start promoting the novel.
The intense second book in the new series: The S.A.I.N.T.S. Series
FOLLOW A MILITARY TIME-TRAVELER, AN ESCAPEE FROM HELL. MEET MARLENE, A RESEARCH SCIENTIST RESPONSIBLE FOR GUARDING HUMANITY. CROSSROADS
I've set a ridiculously ambitious goal of a poem a day, a flash fiction a week, a short story a month, and a full novel in one year.
To self-publish two books, Yonni Hale and the South Wind and The Magical History of Kansas.
hi. I would like to one day be able to finish writing and publish my first book. it takes time and money, both of which I don't have.
The first in a trilogy, "Starjumper Legacy: The Crystal Key" is a middle grade science fiction novel.
A celebration of efficient fiction: 100 Authors. 100 Stories. 1,000 Words Each. All Genres Welcome. No Holds Barred.
Our goal is to provide local writers with the opportunity to get global recognition, earn an income, and inspire others.
In a coma, a man gleans bits from TV, radio and people talking, creating a dream so real, he's obsessed to bring it to a fruition.
Pain R Rising is the God of People on a distant planet called Zagradori. This Fantasy book is completed but needs funds for publishing.
The once happy garden gnomes have been infected by a strange virus which has turned them into flesh eating monsters.
The Devourer and the Space Zombies she creates have destroyed countless worlds. Those worlds didn't have the Black Redneck.
Sci-fi novel based on my theory of how AI conquered and redesigned our solar system. It will be Matrix meets Terminator meets Star Wars
No Brother is a vision of a future where martial arts discipline intersects with power, youth and radical technological change.
Cette histoire est une histoire vraie.

 " Je t'aime, je t'aime plus que je n'ai jamais aimé de toute ma vie. Avec toi je suis nue "
A suspenseful dark comedy about a teenage girl who gets tricked into accepting the job of Chicago's own Grim Reaper.
This is the story of a torn world, and one man's journey to overcome.  I am Bill and I tempt you to follow this thrilling adventure
I want to write a science fiction book series on all the Mythical creatures spanning from Europe to the Orient. will show 1stchapter
An illustrated tale of bright passion, bold duty, and the dark ash such powers can leave behind. One story of The Seven Kings series.
Please help me launch my the beginning of my first series, "How to Win Friends and Influence Magicians", in style this summer!
An organized approach to creating a collaboration novel.
A tale of a man caught up in events beyond his comprehension, and his attempt at maintaining his own sense of self.
The way my friends describe the short story, is that it reminds them of the Tom Clancy novels.
A story with a focus on a fantasy world and characters! Fund an original idea that's a break from mainstream fantasy.
Coming soon, a new science fiction novel about human evolution And sorcery.  In the 23rd century, you are either forced to adapt or die
Self-published novel NightBook is releasing a second edition.  Let's make many so it can be more affordable! www.nightbooknovel.com
Book focuses not just on mystery and espionage, but also on basic languages, world wide cultures, and survival .
"Monsters in the Dark" is the second book in the "Transhuman" series. It's going to get a cover even better than the first.
Something dark is feeding on kids, forcing a gifted youth to enlist the help of a mysterious priest in a war to save their souls .
Prepare for an incredible journey through 18th century Eastern Europe where vampire hysteria is as deadly as the Black Plague.
"Bloodmaiden" was my very first published novel. I want to create a manga version. I have the artist--all I need is YOU!
What decisions would you make to become a hero? Join Kimberly on her quest  to become a legend, and share her story with the world!
"Calgon" moments. Fantasies, not too erotic or violent- just sweet reads that are pages long or can be read in 10 minutes. Escapeworthy
Two NY artists have visions of each other. Their creativity depends on them. Meeting in real life resulted in true and mysterious love.
A Young Adult literary novel set in Cornwall, England. The second full draft of my novel is to be completed by August 2014.
This exciting novel has been accepted by Inkwater Press, but some additional funding is required to bring this mystery to print.
A divorced Cassandra was exiled to Texas. A scholarship took her to Minnesota. Ingvarr’s fiancée left when he was diagnosed with cancer
Project to help me complete, publish and publicise my contemporary fantasy novel duology.
i am writing a fictional book about a zombie apocalypse in my city and i want to make this book both in french and english.
Come Celebrate Chicago's Debuting Author Ena Jones & Poet Georgia Me for the All White Party of the Year!! everydaybutterfly.com 4info
What if someone nuked your favorite playground? If you like to read sophisticated thrillers, pull up a chair ... let's gossip.
An herbalist and his schoolteacher bride move to the wilderness & discover that Nature provides in a way beyond their wildest dreams
The lives of the famous, seven, multiracial,adopted adult siblings ;Jimmy Jan, Julianne, Josey, Jaqui, Junior, and Jeremy are profiled.
Desperate to save her unborn child, a mother chooses fetal adoption & struggles with her new role between her infertile friend.
Two collections of thoughtful flash fiction stories.
The 3 words game, it's simple. Add three words after the last entry provided. Every backer participates to create a published product.
A parable about the limits of greed, stuffed with a simple love story, without spaceships, and much more.
Funding needed to start book called Gothitik eSSentials "Vampire Edition"The novelzine will start with the origin of vampires.
After the story of the recent comic series, Jack finally succeeds in besting Aku, only to be flung into another odyssey through time.
"Fat Trapped" is a horror novella from writer Richard Ewell.  "Fat Trapped" is full of gore, suspense, and horror!
What happens when two 30ish professionals with opposite personalities meet? Sometimes appearances may allow for unexpected tragedy.
Life with Daniel is a book on After Adoption in digital format already online and I would like to make it hardcopy in the stores
Marvin se réveil d'un coma après un accident! Le monde a changé...L'époque a changé...Et sa vie changera à tout jamais!
Paranormal Romance. Between Light and Dark, Ember finds a world where truth and knowledge are power and no one can be trusted.
Grifter Nolan Baxter is given control of the cold case files of the interstellar mega-corporation Nebulonix. What will he do with it?
The key to unlock a witch's true power is a human whose living energy is a match for hers. But love comes at a steep price...
Traveling through the chaotic remnants of the United States, all John Ferris wants is his family. Instead, he finds tragedy...and glory
Anne Rice meets J.R. Ward in this exciting new series.
Promote to bookstores and public an indie SFF novel that is written, published as Ebook, and as a trade paperback. V-log of author's promo efforts.
How would an immortal deal with the End Times? Come listen as we tell you tales of What Follows...
Help the author, D.L. Schindler, publish the novel Aelementals! Just a few copies need to be purchased to get started.
I have self published a few books but I can't afford to buy the ISBN numbers for each edition and I have other books in creations.
Fiction novel about a well educated man who has a life changing experience which involve conspiracy's that test his belief system.
Publishing and Marketing Danger Awaits, a contemporary romantic suspense.
Dreams are alternative timelines; a young teen boy is the genius son of physically abusive parents or he is the master of time...
What if you were offered the chance to live forever? What would you do in return for such a gift? Would you dance with the devil?
Vaeland's tribes have finally been bowed by civilization. But as the druids once said, blood is the beginning of even darker tales.
An epic, Heaven vs. Hell novel that dives deep into mythology. A fun, memorable story that will leave you wanting more.
My 1st novel is a wonderful insight into the life of twin boys, that start life together... and the rest is in the novel.
Be the first to get your hands on Book II of the Tapestry series by author Cady Elizabeth Arnold!
The fictional Kingdom of Elorawiel, is almost like Paradise. However, this kingdom has untold tales, secrets, and scandal!
My Book is about six Detectives on a case to stop a Serial Killer praying on young females, The city becomes terrified. set in Detroit.
A small town comes together to fight dangers from the past and the future while a Boy scout troop is lost in time.
A slave boy without a name encounters the great and noble King Trevion who sets him free and on his life's journey...
A series of short fantasy stories that will draw influence from my own life as well as JRPG games of old to create a new world.
New Orleanian Francesca, a laced chameleon, awaits the launch of a companion book and book tour to make her debut as an amateur sleuth.
As a parody of biblical events it will be full of satire, innuendo and outrageousness This is a book of fiction about a book of fiction
This book/ series is about four best friends from the South side of Chicago as they approach life after high school as individuals.
The Project is for a serialized web novella that is formatted like a tv show. Seasons, Episodes, bit size chucks you read quick.
A murder in Key West leads a vagabond sailor on a chase for fortune and revenge. Bone Cay is my 3rd novel and most ambitious one, yet.
Bursts of Light is an anthology of positive science fiction and fantasy stories chosen from open submissions by editor Jamie Lackey.
Dragon's Myth: Talisman of the Dragons is the first novel in an all-new epic-fantasy series that will leave you breathless!
Ash and the rest of the POISE team are once again thrown into the world of the esoteric, this time investigating a young savant.
A short book that discusses ideas behind how a zombie virus might take form from common diseases and viruses present on Earth.
The book is already written! I wish to get self published in order to help facilitate publishers with my book.
FMF magazine delivers great new short stories with awesome illustrations to your device every month. Discover new authors now!
Graphic novel SF, Ebook format. An intermediary innovating between the classical book, animation, Internet, music and the video game
"The Sister Gospels" depict one eventful year in the lives of four close-knit, African-America sisters and where they stand with God.
I have finished my rough draft of this novel and I'm working on the final draft.  I need help with the publishing and editing costs.
Be 1st among your friends to read “Bone Stalker” where the honeymoon of 2 young lovers goes awry and morphs into a freakish nightmare.
Coming of Age – The Trilogy – “We make readers believers.”  Stories with substance, told in an entertaining fashion.
This is a story of a young professional female who embarks on her quest to find love while discovering her own sexuality and identity.
My project is a sequel novel to the already published; God's Own Work. A story of horror and challege in the 1700s
The goal is simple - one copy of each of my three published novels donated to 25 libraries or colleges within the next 2 months.
Three people from different parts of the world brought together to save the universe, well actually the multiverse. No Pressure...
I need help launching my debut novel "Never Again". I want the world to be introduced to Ronin and Treva. Hot, sexy, story needing you!
An Empowering Urban Novel.....
Il s'agit d'un projet de 5 tomes fantastiques, les deux premiers sont terminés.
Fast-paced, fictional thriller inspired by true events happened in California.
this is the first of three books. this tale blends mythical & supernatural with the modern world, creating a rare twist in our reality.
It's said ones past defines the future. Not for Lizzy.  A chilling story of fate's plan as her innermost fears become her reality.
This book has everything. Battles, love, pain, and a story to surpass all stories.
"Going Up" is a popular romance book on Wattpad.com written by me (Xebbex). I want to make dreams a reality and self publish it!
Fiction: Blend of coming of age stories and historical fiction.  Foer's Everything is Illuminated  & ELIC meets Némirovsky's Suite Française.
This is an attempt to publish an original story.  All funds collected will go towards editing and publishing of "Spirit of the Kings."
A young adult eco mystery integrating QR codes to seamlessly bring video clips into the adventure about a treasure hunt for pearls.
This is a book I wrote, based on true events, as told to me while working in a maximum security prison setting, all based on facts.

A young boy helps other kids grow up by "killing" their Imaginary Friends...
Seneria: In The Beginning, focuses on one of the main characters, Sephorah, as she suffer from the consequences of summoning a Spirit.
Lost in a mysterious darkness, a man seeks answers. In the end, he will discover that the blackest darkness resides in the human soul.
Coconut Joez is an urban fiction novel helping teenagers self reflect on their dealings with dating, spirituality and self esteem.
Woman runs into old admirer then is found dead with a whole host of characters as suspects. Women sleuths work to find out why?
N, a poor young girl walks miles to school in miserable shoes and ragged clothes. She is a child prodigy risking to remain illiterate.
Set in the near future, the New Pandoria series will focus largely on biochemical weapons in the hands or organized crime.
This project is to publish my debut Fantasy novel. The manuscript is complete. Editing and project artwork is underway
Fated Hour spans centuries, and defines love. Book 2 of a time travel series.
"That Cloud Looks Like Jesus"
The Dragon sleeps. The Awakening Stone has been found. Who will believe the story? How long before the Dragon King's power will return?
Become an investor in EMP Publishing & receive VIP status: FREE books & swag from ALL projects over the next 24 months + other Rewards.
A whirlwind book tour for the upcoming book "Barrio Bum" by Bob J. Clark to connect with his future readers.
I would like to raise £400 or more to commission a professional cover artist to design the covers and series icon for my book series.
Birthed by the many cruelties of humanity, the Manifestations are grotesque and lethal predators that hunt Lost Souls through Purgatory
The Carriers is a novel inspired by recent science and the author's family history. Karma, reincarnation, and genetics collide.
The dead can’t be arrested and brought to justice. But what if they could? Every victim deserves justice,regardless.
A fresh new zombie, Hope, tries to get her humanity back in a 'Wizard of Oz' like tale about her journey to meet the Zombie King.
Baelal is a steampunk, fantasy and supernatural yaoi romance series. We are currently trying to get funding for the third book.
Think Edgar Allen Poe, Stephen King, Roger Zelazny and Anne Rice all got together and had a crazy dark literary love child. That pretty
My story as a veteran going from milita to normal society. A very personal and empowering glimpse into the face of PTSD.
A group of humans gain powers given to them by the angels that fell with the Devil. Follow one man as he discovers his new Talent.
You loved the first issue and cuddled with it by the fire...which was weird. You helped me bring you issue 2. Now...why not issue 3? :D
I want to give all of me writing an epic novel about the main story of One Piece, the famous comics. You'll shed tears of joy for it
An illustrated book of short, scary stories accompanied by a narrated audio cd with soundtrack.
Author of "In My Time of Dying", winner of the 2015 Ippy Award for Visionary Fiction, seeks funding for horror short story collection.
A murderous and vengeful spirit, spawned in a moment of weakness and passion, is bent on destroying the last heir of a wealthy family
Historical fiction: A squad of paratroopers' reaction to a new recruit plays out against a background of bitter struggle.
I have a short mystery to release at the Boston Book Festival in October.
A story about a man who gets shot and has vivid dreams that start to blur with his reality. He fights his way through life to be happy.
I'm writing a novel about the billion dollar business of child sex trafficking. The story is fiction, the facts are not. Get the book and artwork!
I'd love to edit/publish my book, Lessons In Being A Flapper, in paperback. It is based on a woman I knew who passed away recently.
A horror novel about an unspeakable evil trapped inside a young boys mind.
A book of fantasy, magic, dragons, love, and desire that will capture your soul and inspire your imagination.
Christ's return occurred in the year 79 AD. An angel who was supposed to destroy the Earth failed to do so. We aren't supposed to exist
Following the life of a protagonist in a sci fi setting who battles personal adversity on an adventure of a lifetime.
We've got it online, now lets get it on bookshelves everywhere.Helping me earns you a free signed copy
A novel about the pursuit of things always out of reach.
Humanity will fall at some point. Dictatorship and discrimination always lead to the same thing war. And sometimes, war brings Oblivion
A story that melds real-world times with fantasy fiction that delivers adventure, drama, romance, and courage.
A novel about an enigmatic young woman who is desperate to change her life and move on from a horrible past in France.
What if God created human life on other planets?  Do they look to the Heavens and wait for us to stare back? This is the plot of Fenar.
Building on the incredible success of the indie-published Dragonprince Trilogy, Aaron Pogue wants to give the trilogy to the world.
A father goes off to war, a son who has been in training since his mother died, Now it is his time to experience the adventure.
I'm publishing a 300+ page novel putting a dark, gothic twist on traditional fairy tails, and puts the characters in an insane asylum.
Atlantis, all that you know is about change in the blink of an eye. Prepare yourself for a retelling of the greatest story never told.
A saga of a girl having to transition in the world around her. All with the help of her spirit guide.
When a religious group threatens to outlaw magic, a three hundred year old mage must stop this religious group at all costs.
New Author needs middle grade book edited. Editors are $. Between bills and the family, I need a little help to finalize the book.
A paranormal romance novel with characters that shake the foundations of what you know about paranormal creatures and real romance.
Heart pounding suspense with unfathomable secrets unlocked
Have the novels done but need help to afford the very expensive editors so I can properly publish, including covers & marketing
Tip of the Spear is about the world after Cyberwar. It's done and complete, with a real agent ready to read it, I need it edited!
An epic trilogy following the exploits of a Dark Elven Prince, Malakai and Orc Shaman, Gar'zul on their world conquering campaign.
Once upon a time, but not so very long ago, in the far away land of Japan there lived a girl named Jude.
Hybris: Gates of Hell ist ein Psychothriller der besonders anderen Art. Eine neue Generation von Schreiben steigt empor.
It takes place in the post-Cleopatra era and might be described as a strong-women book. Or Romeo and Juliet in the Cleopatra era.
CreativeSpace will format and print my book in paperback with an accompanying audio book to be marketed together.
"Solace" a novel from the Maine outdoors written by retired ranger Tim Caverly. Discover the wild Allagash in this real life adventure.
A Southern Plantation that will take your breath away - literally!
Amazing fictional adventure story featuring the fun, and outrageous residents of the Prairie Dog Nation - Need help publishing book.
Annabelle Lee is a '92 Festiva that carries me & a lusty, elderly neighbor on a roadtrip down old Route 66!
Help launch the free serialized novel project City of Bundled Bones by Michael Bagen and receive another of the author's work for your support.
Dylan and the Dream Pirates is about a boy named Dylan who follows the mythical Lost Boys into a world of magic and wonder.
I would like to create two amazing and professionally finished books for you to enjoy, plus they will be the beginnings of new series!
The second entry in the epic fantasy series set in a world where dragons are seen as little more than a fancy kind of livestock.
A merging event fuses billions of realms into one grand, new world full of magick, dragons, angels and demons, and so much more.
Created a self published novel and needing help in being able to afford editing.
The Canvas Sextet is six collections of literary Flash Fiction. Each collection contains 50 engrossing, three-minute stories.
When she learns of her family's twisted past, Emily returns home to investigate the circumstances of her father's death.
A woman VC becomes CEO of Connected.com and chooses between 2 men: Connected’s 29-year-old founder and a bookstore owner from her past.
Join me in printing the World’s Largest Published Novel and set a new Guinness World Record – Let’s make history together!
An investigator uncovers a plot to usurp the Vatican’s power and control the future of the world by cloning Christ.
Fulfilling my dream of being a published author. Traveller is my chosen work to do just that! Thank you!
My second life is just beginning...baring it all, emotionally nude.
Please tell me... will you be able to accept me?  
-Zola Roberts
In 1915, Ottoman Turkey killed 1.5 million Armenians and orphaned 100,000. Follow the Gurgenian family during that fateful time.
The Three Wise Men: who were they? Who knows? Here is a historical fiction that addresses the questions around them.
A new series from a local author. Everyone who contributes will be mentioned in the acknowledgments section.
Thrill as Henderson battles the arcane to save the mundane.
A tale of Magic, Mystery, and Betrayal as today's world hangs in the balance.  Can an old man, his son, a dog and a cook save the day?
Chronicles the life of a pre-destined sword master named Erozan. He is sent to the surface to destroy the demons that plague the world.
The Arabi is a 472 page mystery, adventure novel written by a 12 year old boy, in which a young boy takes an unexpected adventure.
Jeff lands in the Atlanta underground, a sly con man leading him to intrigue, corruption and murder with the sexy FBI agent Nancy.
The biggest threat in any apocalyptic setting is the other survivors.  In the first book of a planned series, Remy meets these threats.
A multi-generational story of family fighting
a two-hundred year old curse.
When the battle rages on, who shall stand victorious and who shall lie slain in the fields. The adventure will begin soon...
A collective body of compelling poetry exploring the joys and adversities of Life, Love, & Liberty.
The end of the human race is caused by a mouse, an Owl Queen, and a war between the animals left behind for domination over the USA.
This is a bromance staring Jesus and Lucifer. Love it. Hate it. It's free to read. Check out the link below. Donations support part II.
A new kind of transmedia fiction experience and alternate reality game (ARG) like none before it that empowers YOU to make history.
When magic re-enters our world, modern day and fantasy collide. The first novel in a series.
Prevarication is a romance/erotic short story about a nursing student who is caught between two worlds...Love and Sexual Pleasure.
Supernatural South is going to be a series of paranormal fiction set in REAL locations in the South.
It is a science fiction book for youth. The protagonist is a young woman named Emily,that after dying in an accident becomes ghost.
A local man in England caught up in an intrigue involving US Airforce, ex Polish Free Army, Russian agents, and mystery Nazi weapons.
The Meek are about to inherit the Earth, but not in a good way. Four Celestial antibodies hurl toward Earth to fulfill bible prophecy
A story of the struggle a young kindergarten teacher experiences as he battles depression and uncomfortable circumstances.
Weirdly wonderful novel about an artist named Leila who receives a set of Thanatos paints that lead her on a dark, magical adventure.
I am wanting to re-release this book. It is a historical fiction novel based in 1420's England.
I am going to take the next 'Tank' novel to print, digital and screenplay formats. It will be available as hardback and paperback.
This terrorist thriller is begging to become a motion picture.  The project will fund adapting the novel and marketing the screenplay.
Martial artist, Brandy AKA "Crystal" finds out her captor is a werewolf when she is captured and forced to fight in a fighting circuit.
Dr. Tom Stephens searches for a cure for an ailment that contributed to his father's death. The cure comes with a price-is it too high?
You're the only person who can save a world overrun by demons. Would you run or fight as a "Solder of Light Against Darkness"?
Chaotic Galaxies tells the story of Colonel Edward Walker as he leads the human race against the species that destroyed the Earth!
A corrupt government. Enraged pirates.
One monk caught in the middle of The Caldarian Conflict. Now in an audiobook--with your help!
Absorbing anecdotes about anthropomorphic animals and their arduous adventures with adult aggrievances.
The story that lay hidden beneath the sands of Egypt for over 3000 years is finally revealed in stunning detail.
Hunters who hunt vampires, werewolves and witches. They use guns and have to be drunk all the time.
When two different realities merge and myths become reality, everything changes. Is it for the better?
My name is Rica, and someone wants me dead.
The first of a seven-part series set in a steampunk-inspired world.
The launch party for Autumn's 5 Seasons: The Men will B a great way 2 meet the men who teach Autumn the truth about seasons! Meet them!
I am a UK-based horror and fantasy author. This year I'm looking to write 1,000,000 words of fiction. I need your help to get them out!
Fictional crime series of 3 books, first one completed. 4 main players - involves blackmail, drug farming, mental illness and revenge.
"THE CRESNIX TWINS" is the first installment of a science-fiction series about conquering all obstacles, with superhuman powers.
I've always wanted to publish one of my stories. With your help I could dedicate more time to writing and sharing them with others
I am Damn'D is a gothic Western--it blends the old west with myth--legends and revenge--a soon to be classic--would make a great movie
Great news, I have the commitment of my first backer to match dollar for dollar all of the contributions I receive to my goal!
A collection of scary short stories, where the people backing this project have a chance to be a character in this unique book.
The power of Darkness has declared war against a coastal, New England town. The order has been given to launch the kill shot.
A fictional novel based on real life events.
After 10 years in prison, Brendon returns home to rebuild his life. He faces difficulty and rejection as well as redemption and love.
Thanks to genetic engineering, animals are more human then ever, a gift or the perfect weapon? Fantasy sci-fi action adventure
"Angels of the Quantum Gate" is my already published science fiction novel. I need funds for marketing, promotion, and a book trailer.
Help me tour with the Highland Home Series
Magdalena, unwittingly, continues to help George and the Dearg-due unleash supernatural forces that threaten to destroy Prague.
My debut book is set in a world with dangers around every turn.
Racial dilemmas ensue in a land where elves are slaves to human will and magic is the chain that binds them. Will they obtain freedom?
A humorous look at divorce from a woman's perspective. Think Zombie apocalypse, except with ex-husbands.
Memoirs is a work of literary fiction tracing the lives of two gay expatriates living in present-day Japan.
A story written by the backers on Kickstarter. Contribute to the first crowd-written story ever and own a piece of internet history.
Tate Melby, 17, is paralyzed in a collision with a drunk. She thinks her life is over until she learns to build & fly an ultralight.
A paranormal/sci-fi novel series explores the impact of gentrification and a privately-owned research facility on a futuristic NYC.
With the help of many contributors, we're building a world where every person's fear becomes a monster to confront and befriend.
A semi-autographical, fiction novel about one man's travails and travels in New York city with 40-50 female roommates.
Jesus’ Island of Dreams is a story of the efforts to follow instructions from Jesus, by Thomas, a great grandson of Apostle Thomas.
a night-shift d.j. with a high-tech plan. can he get away with it? heard by a lucky few that "Night Shift" is my best writing to date!.
This is a story of two childhood friends Vincent & Frankie who are growing up in Hollywood in the 1960s.
They both have dreams
Poo Bah is a fantasy adventure about an Imaginary Friend who goes on a Big Adventure.  With your help I can free up time to finish and edit the novel.
a graphic novel my first.Its about love loss inter-dimensional travel and zombies.simple right.
About a preacher, his family & how they were involved in money laudering for drug dealers, prostitution, & murder.
Help me complete this fast-paced sci-fi/fantasy novel in which the protagonist quickens evolution and an interplanetary galactic event.
A story truly inspired by the zany & twisted genius of Tom Robbins, Kurt Vonnegut, Tom Clancy, Quentin Tarantino, and a bit of NPR.
A boy and his canine companion journey into the Firefly Forest only to meet great peril along the way.
Lincoln tells his life story in first person, from boyhood to his final hour. A novel by Bestselling author DL Fowler.
The Keeper, watching from Heaven, falls into darkness.  Will he switch sides forever, or gain a new perspective on humanity?
The Final battle between Good and Evil has begun....
Turn my novella, "The Saltness of Time," into a hard-back, printed book using Kansas City letterpress and local bindery.
Best-selling steam fantasy - remade as a professional audiobook!
Join author Joe Nassise in a collaborative process to write his next book, an urban fantasy entitled The Mirror's Road.
Una epopeya de aventuras y ciencia ficción, con toques de fantasía y misterio, que narra la lenta invasión de un mundo.
America brought to her knees. Public religion outlawed. Churches, mosques, synagogues empty & locked. Two men experience the aftermath.
Sean can't marry Alexis until he gets Summer out of his system.  "Winter's Summer" a novel.
In this sci-fi saga, a celebrity is sent to another solar system to rescue his lover and save that society from impending holocaust.
A paranormal action story set in the '80s, written in a "choose your own adventure" format. (Ages 13 & up.)
Stanley Sprocket’s “101 Great ways to sneak into Glastonbury Festival” takes off where Hunter S.Thompson left us.
Publisher dedicated to its writers & readers first. Every great writer deserves to be published & every great book deserves to be read.
Enchanted Stories is an idea where you actually are able to "tell" the story in your own way.
In a way you take control as the writer.
ALL WALTONS FANS in the "Buckeye State", now is YOUR chance to bring Mary McDonough "Erin Walton" to Columbus & Cleveland, Ohio!
So I have been writing fiction (both short stories and novels) for a while now, and think it's time to take the plunge and publish!
A short sci-fi novel set in a post-apocalyptic world caused by a  mutagen from space, however this is just the first wave of trouble
My novel, Currency, deals with the overwhelming debt of the United States in an entertaining way.  I need to fund the PR campaign.
Two disillusioned zealots plot to end the world's violence once and for all ... and render America powerless, and perhaps lifeless.
Ever wondered what the world would be like without nuclear weapons? If so, this book is for you. Action takes place in Hawaii!
Brothers and Sisters is a humorous fiction novel about a guy and girl living parallel lives both hopelessly looking for love.
A hardboiled detective novel set in lower Alabama, New Orleans, and the mean streets of Birmingham.
Help me buy an e-book cover, like the one shown above, for my new science fiction military novel Roaches In The Attic 2.
Aspiring author creating a cozy mystery series set in the Bridges of Madison County, Iowa, area seeks backers for research support.
A fictional marriage of historically strong vikings to old norse mythology. Battle of a Viking god to prevent a war between 9 worlds.
This is a sequel to my first book, "Night of the Tiger", which had no advertising. I would like the chance to advertise this book.
Burnt is a story of the delusional reality that exists when society no longer does. The flames of isolation burn bright.
An epic fantasy series about Randy Morden, an American sailor who finds himself in Fovea, where magic is real
Have you met a blonde white man with blue eyes and a funny Indian accent? If not, meet Gopal Bhutra, as he clicks a selfie in Seattle!
Divergence Point: Book 1 of the Kavadra Chronicles. The story of Galdorian and his journey to find who he is and who he is meant to be.
This project is for one short story. If it gets funded, I'll write the story. If you fund it, you'll get the story.
Olivia's destiny is unfolding as she falls in love with Scott, a 5th generation wizard with a battle to win.
Hello I'm Jessie and I am a writer/poet/ short story novelist and I need your help to get my fiction novel published. It's dark an wild
A paranormal romance about a man devoted to his wife even after her death.
Solutionaries is about an evil and good alien race that use humans to fight wars for the by giving them elemental and telekinetic power
Independent Maine author Scott M. Folsom launches his first Shades of Samsara science fiction fantasy series novel: Titan 3030!
One of the greatest books of all times.
A spellbinding story through ancient Egypt, BC and AD Jerusalem and modern war torn Somalia, seeking the world's most valuable artifact
Help me bring my fictional christmas horror story to the english reading audience
A steampunk adventure like none other. Explore the history that never happened and how it shaped the world we don't live in today.
Self-publishing a story about two civilizations, of which, one is vibrant and of an eminence, while the other is despaired and fallen.
Creating an eBook called ''David and Noura'' : a fictional short story combining words, music and visual arts. A multimedia experience.
Self Publishing and expanding the story Chained Reality: The Observer. Looking to distribute nationally.
Fulfill my writing passion!  I want to turn my stories into an e-book.  More than ten stories already written.
A thrilling new adventure novel by travel writer James Ullrich. Danger, mystery, and suspense in the heart of the Amazon.
This is a story set in a future where children can inherit memories of the parents up to conception, both academic and emotional.
Two men and a woman have six hours to incite a riot, vandalize an art gallery, and torch a tree. But why?
Introducing a whole new spin the age old superhero story telling...an origin story so unique it will leave you wanting more.
The next best selling women's fiction novel is coming to life. Find out jsut what happened at 38 Willow Road.
Surviving Dead is a story of survivors on the run from zombie hordes. A story with gore, unique situations and interesting twists!
Fund the release of a 4,000 word comic science fiction story. It's about cross-species exploitation and the last survivor of a proud warrior race.
The story of a teenage girl whose high school relationship with a singer profoundly affects her life and family.
With the return of the symbol of her horrific childhood, Chantelle White struggles to find peace in a dangerously hostile world.
A book Saga that takes Vampires,Werewolves,Witches,Warlocks,Demons,Elders,Dark Elders,Mutants,creates a world constantly in change.
Writing a novel takes up a whole era in a writer's life, and when the labor is done she no longer is the person she was at the start.
Book one of three. Stolen children are sold as slaves and are helped to escape, they try to go home with two Empires hunting for them.
A book about baseball. And robots. And you pick what happens. A CYOA graphic novel written by a collection of great sportswriters.
Applying computer generated "writeprints" to other authors, the influence of the Bard of Avon can be measured for each author.
I've excelled in digital versions of my work - there's a strong demand for print copies. I believe in my potential. I hope you do, too.
Chance O'Connor is becoming a globally know golf prodigy. Chance is the man Dermot Lloyd's Insurance calls on to retrieve stolen art.
A Horror epic that begins the tragedy of a little girl that may ignite the end of the world.
Set in New York City, this re-telling of the life of St. Francis of Assisi aims to update his story for a modern audience.
A fiction novel based on the life of a teenager born with a supernatural ability.  Peace Eden is Sookie Stackhouse mixed with Jean Grey
Lynn has come home from serving her country. So has Carter, her ex-fiance. Things ended badly, but can they find their way back again?
Let me transport you to my world...
A junkie with a murdered wife reinvents himself to become a fictitius "DON" with the help of a real Mob Boss to exact his revenge
22+ years ago, I became a single parent and put aside my writing to devote myself to raising my son. I am ready to return to my dream.
A gripping SciFi saga presented in an episodic format. Follow the trials of teenage criminal Trey Hill as he develops abnormal powers.
A story about the resistance movement to the most totalitarian future dictatorship in the United States.
Science and Nature combine in a way no one even thought was possible. My first Novel introducing recurring characters.
I have been writing a sci-fi/adventure book and I am very excited about it. I want to make it available to the public but I need help.
The drums of war beat loud. Only Peter Pomperfield has the ability to stop them.
We're a Michigan-based independent press ready to launch our first two books: "Unreliable" and "Easter Ann Peters' Operation Cool."
This project is designed to garner the needed funds to promote my first published novel; The Lost Road to Hope.
A project to fund a research trip to Rouen in France and to highlight the historic nature of Anti Semitism.
Luke is a man haunted by the abuse and betrayal endured by his family. After six years of solitude, he sets out to right the wrongs.
I want to publish my book, it is based in Morris, IL and follows a family fighting to survive the Sleepers and the Dead.
This book is meant for those who understand how one feels to be rejected and abused even by the ones that are suppose to love them.
A comic novel of the 60s, by someone who was there.
It's 24 hours later. The group has what they came for. Which means they'll die tomorrow. Get your popcorn ready.
After Linda’s husband leaves her pregnant and homeless with a 2 year old, she reclaims her life while learning not to seek revenge.
Writing a story about an agency specializing in undercover vigilante justice. Taking it to the crime the old fashioned way!
The Mohandas: a novel that takes the reader on an adrenaline filled journey into the heart of the Middle East conflict.
A Para-Sci-Fi, Rock-n-Roll, Multimedia Trilogy. 
"One sound man, a touring rock band, scores of ghosts, and a whole lot of adventure."
Other-worldly Adventure. Breathtaking Romance. Treachery and Betrayal.  Time is not what you think...Sons of Caasi.
Aspiring new Author Andrew Crossland brings you his first novel Best Served Cold: The Five Doors. A story of murder and intrigue.
If you ever asked yourself why things are the way they are, you need to read this book.
I just completed Queensboro, the follow-up to my acclaimed debut novel Crow Creek and need funds to self-publish again.
Help me finish my fantasy novel: what happens in a society where the souls of the criminal dead are magically bound as slaves?
Peter Reagan lives in the outskirts of Vegas.  His life changes forever when he crosses paths with an old-time mobster.  Old meets new.
A Senegalese immigrant  finds the true meaning of love, friendship, and honor, as racial tension rises in Brooklyn.
Wolves’ blood saga has been my dream & my salvation. On the brink of publishing the second installment I implore my friends to help.
A fantasy novel e-book. A love story that takes place on a remote tropical beach, when the modern world ends. Editing and formatting
A Novel of Biblical Proportions
I'm currently working on eight different stories that will leave my readers both feel and think afterwards.
A new intense erotic novel about a woman who engages in sexual fantasies with her husband to satisfy his kinky lifestyle.
When a human becomes a vampire, what happens to their soul?  Read the white vampire chronicles to find out.
More humor, more laughs, more adventures, more creativity!
"Acrylic" is a story about a supposed delusional painter.  Is it paranoia or a demon haunting his dreams?
The birds and the bees are for children. Old Crows and Honey is the life account of a 50yo pansexual male now single and his encounters
The one-sitting page turner by first-time author, Nicholas L. Maze. Very entertaining and thought provoking. 
Young adult learns he lives on an island that is part of a chain that contains an ancient stronghold of extincted exiled magicians
I need YOUR help to reach EPIC!
My Archangel books are doing well via Social Media, but my reach is limited. I need to market this series to reach more readers.
Lalin is part one of a series I am writing titled, Full Moon over the Bayou. ( Lalin ; means moon in creole)
About a disturbed young man who enjoys killing in very unusual ways.  He has a great life, married, but still has the urge to kill...
The Method Writers--a dark humor novel where four writers adopt the method acting approach to their writing projects and trouble ensues
Roy is a sentient alien robot sent from a distant civilization to a future Earth devastated by a pandemic and a mistrust of robots.
The Bloody Chapter is a suspense thriller based on vengeance.
Meatwagon is a 70,000 word account of this writers travails on a commercial ambulance.
A Tween, seductive, science fiction tale/ book series, featuring a female stylized superhero who battles for the survival of Earth!
Cherokee Inc. is a series of books about a female bounty hunter/P.I. from the Snowbird mountains of NC. Rose is half Cherokee Indian.
An exciting adventure in which the Founding Fathers mysteriously find themselves in present day America.
A collection of stories about transgender individuals and their many lives.  As technology, science, and acceptance grows... will we?
A fictional story of love gone totally wrong and the betrayal and deception that came with it.
Haw is the gripping story of a father’s struggle to save his son from a corrupt society in a pitiless, bleak, future America.
Poor urban teenager Rory tries to find her way in post-Earth dystopia with aliens, conspiracies & environmental catastrophes.
In a post apocalyptic world, prisoner 7-19 fights for freedom.  Let's fight to get my book where it belongs; in your hands and minds!
Iania Hari, entangled in a corporate takeover and arrested for murder, fights for freedom in a world run by corporations.
A delightfully quirky collection of those moments, be they embarrassing, funny, or downright dreadful, that happen to all of us.
Help launch the next set of books set in the best-selling WINGED universe!
To fund book publishing of government and man's greed as seen from a boy who becomes a very powerful adult. Did he cause the collapse?
A compelling story about our true identity as individuals, a species and the way its been hidden from us since the dawn of civilization
A young American man gets involved in the scandalous world of mail order brides, and ends up selling his own girlfriend.
Cordelia is an empath walking a fine line between light and dark while running from her destiny. Will she defeat her demons, or die?
This project is designed to garner the needed funds to promote my first published novel; The Lost Road to Hope.
This book is a series of vignettes which will change the way men view women's rights to pleasure
A vivacious musician falls victim to a horrendous crime. Will she ever recover? How? What will she learn along the way?
A story of magic and deceit, of the dark, twisted ties that bind families together; produced independently as an ebook and paperback.
If you were a fan of the 90´s dance scene, be a part of the launch of "Get This" based on the early days of "Take That" on Amazon.com
A moving story of a recently divorced mother of three who takes a leap of faith in order to begin a new chapter in her life.
A women's adventure novel that has attracted the attention of an editor, but never a publisher. Thriller, urban paranormal, crime.
A young adult fantasy full of magic and mythology, this novel is a modern fairy tale about courage in the face of unfathomable evil.
The 1st is out. The 2nd, 3rd ... so impatient to sail from brain to paper; modern maritime fiction at sea, needs passage time only.
It is a story about Lydia, for the past hundred years she has been living under the “protection” of the Catholic Church.
Emmet Tynyanov is Hitler's leading vampire hunter in this historical epic of supernatural suspense.
In Worlds very different from our own, In Clouded Skies very different from our own, sits the Dormant Worlds. Do you dare discover it?
Time Lapse is about a boy who can travel throught time and has unique abilities to control time itself!
I'm writing a fresh take on the zombie western--a raunchy tale of greed; starring cowboys, hard-asses and a grim, snickering absurdism.
Join me in printing the World's Largest Published Novel, 8.5ft by 5.5ft - to set a New World Record!
I am writing a book called The Ending of times.  The world is crumbling around us all and the only way to survive is to trust no one.
Time to finish my first book in an EPIC series!  Historical Sci-fi that will have you gripping the edge of your seat.  Lets Publish it!
Black Lake is a dark, thrilling novel. One man must travel through time and space to save humanity from destruction.
A werewolf gunslinger faces intelligent ghouls and a hungry demon in the Black Hills of the American frontier.
A world broken in Chaos, greed and the lust for power. Kings, castles and the unholy creatures thrive. A young man begins his journey
Epic first book in the 'Guardian' series.  The story of the Dark Elf Altira and how she saves both herself and her people.
Cosmopolia is a projected novel that introduces Philocracy as a form of government (to learn more email philip.parzygnat@live.com)
Follow Mystery Wraith as she explores her life with a jaded vision of life and why she insists on making her twins life miserable.
In the peril and uncertainty that follows the communist takeover of Cuba, a young boy looks for shelter in the game of baseball.
This book will blow your mind! Well that's the plan but I need help to make it happen.
AudioBooks of the Bestselling Biblical Fiction Fantasy about Giants, Gods, Monsters & Men.
The Trinity With Interpretation.
Seeking funds to prepare a 4th novel in my Owen Delaney mystery series for publication. Two are already published and well received.
A short story collection inspired by you...
A self-proclaimed career homeless bum from Los Angeles, who is also  Writer/Filmmaker/Playwright,  is self-publishing a book.
I have written a novel of my time at war in the Marines. Help me to publish it and tell the stories of my friends and brothers.
Discovery of our Seventh Sense - facts to help understand Love - our Genetic Engineering - Global Elites- Shadow Governments and Heaven
My novel "The Rhythm in Blue" is ready for publication! All I need are sponsors for the cost of printing and promotion!
Monster Skin is a Lovecraftian, erotic, murder mystery about sexual freedom. We want to bring it to life as an immersive audiobook.
A book that follows the story of a young adult that is haunted by his past mistake
My novel set in New Orleans, needs to raise money for marketing, cover design and the ability to buy in bulk and offset cost.
This is a fiction tale about the land of Valhalla and its struggle for freedom and a man's struggle to cope with his past failures.
A truck driver picks up a mysterious hitchhiker on a lonely Nevada desert highway, and his life is never the same.
This is a book of entertaining and incredible beer related stories. It is about history and the human spirit of brewers.
Leave your fears and regrets at the door or it's hell to pay.
Let's publish Chains Of Prophecy! Do you enjoy Urban Fantasy? Angels, Demons, Djinn, yes please! Get COP published and distributed!
A novel detailing a young man’s reentry into mainstream life after four years of prison and the forces trying to pull him back in.
Dr John Hunter embarks on an unrelenting quest to expose the explosive and hidden foundations of modern civilisation.
Questo progetto nasce per finanziare l'autopubblicazione da esordiente di "Soffitti Sconosciuti", libro fantasy primo di una trilogia.
The 'Trinity Chapel Trilogy' novels take a light-hearted look at what happens behind the scenes in the life of a fictional local church
After finding a damaged android 3 people are dragged into an adventure of discovery that may save the universe.
A post apocalypse story that unfolds revealing what was the cause of the apocalypse. Trying to build fanbase to get a start in writing.
The first in a small series of zombie survival books! I hope my writing can provide quality entertainment for all to share!
The Country of New Beginnings is a historical fiction novel, which explores questions of culture, race, and the possibility of change.
The epic story of a son born into nobility during a civil war. He later learns that his love is the daughter of his parents' killers.
A detective-mystery series for all ages. Now that book 1 & 2 are in print, it is time to create the AUDIOBOOK!
The creation of an audiobook is expensive, but Game On NEEDS to be narrated!
Oregon Buick Wicket is the tale of one orphan's coming of age, and the stories of the community that has become his family.
Help six Chicago authors visit New York by pre-purchasing a new anthology featuring never-before-published work by them.
A man responsible for the downfall of a nation. The nation responsible for the downfall of a man. This begins the legend.
Jess is desperate to release Tobias--and he's desperate to feel his hands squeeze the life out of her once she does.
Legacy...what do you want to leave behind? A fictional novel written for any person who was born into a family with secrets...
A coming of age tale about a group of friends and how they deal with life, love, friendship, and the challenges life throws at them.
Ophelia sleepwalks through a shadow of life; Roger dreams of penance; Andrew, the unknown tie between them, sleeps. But if he wakes...
Win your race, Win your Freedom.
The epic tale of Lucifer's descent into rebellion and war.
The Prequel to the Bible is here!
A novel about family, love, Muslim culture in the United States, and the meaning of life that we're all trying to find.
Could you imagine if Edgar Allan Poe, the Grimm brothers  and Aesop got together?  Surely it would be "Horribly Ever After".
The second novel in a Medieval series exploring the origins of Grimm's Fairy Tales and  the political upheaval in 13th cent. Germany.
On the run, Mia has always been an outcast. When she is captured by a bounty hunter, a sensual and deadly world unfolds.
Project Pegasus is a novel about a world oppressed by the economic pressures of an alien race known as the Shynlon.
My Knotty Jolene is an erotic romance about a widow who takes control for the first time in her life as a dominatrix for hire.
A "First Edition" hard-cover print of the new novel, "Knight"; a story of love, loss and hope, by an author who has made the journey.
Pre-order "Flames of the Sun," a limited-print dark fantasy novel by Scott Reeves, only through Kickstarter
Raising money for an outstanding cover artist, editing, and marketing team.
How far will she go to protect the ones she loves? What will be left standing in the end? Paperback 268 pages. Mystery/Crime
An award-winning journalist and promising author needs help to publish his second novel and give it fighting chance in a crowded market
Easy reading paperback about regular boring people. Just because the people are boring doesn't mean their lives are!
Raising $ for Cover ($650+) Editing ($2K+) & Printing ($) of Book 2 "Redemption." Book 1 has 4.6 Star rating on Amazon & 13K downloads.
If you'd like a to read a book about zombies being dumped out of a plane, this is for you. Sky diving zombies, what could be better?
Estranged brothers, reunited, forced to flee with a quarter of gas, chips, and a bag of weed, they embark on a life changing road trip.
What would you do if you were the main character in your own paranormal romance novel where angels and demons dwell?
An Urban Fantasy series following Thalia, the hot-headed tri-shifter as she works for the Wyrd Sisters bringing balance to the world
My newest book involves a coven of Witches and Wizards starting in 2600 BC who exist to fight evil in Old Earth.
Help publish my book, Acea and the Animal Kingdom, an action-packed fantasy novel that will entertain fans of the Percy Jackson series.
When a teenage girl learns how to manipulate and is willing to destroy everyone in her way, her attorney even falls victim.
Clouds, harp music and angels? Is this what you think happens when you die? How about danger, excitement, adventure and magic!
The 'Read TO US' Pet Series are books for pets... about pets... and read by humans.
The Air Force's Best Kept Secret will be the first book in a series that directly pulls from my years of Search and Rescue experience.
A dystopian, sci-fi  epic, 1984 meets Dante’s Inferno, meets Don Quixote challenging your deepest held perceptions.
The Contract is a 96,000 word completed novel about a woman who signs a contract trading her soul for the secret to immortality.
Two brand new books and Plato's Cave. Help me publish these books and bring Hope back into peoples lives and get exclusive incentives!
A murder case turnes cold, but years later a sequence of events and a childhood promise would prove to be key in solving the mystery.
The true story of how the mafia, biker clubs, & street gangs work together. Murder, money, & drugs, not knowing who's a friend, or foe.
Be a part of this ground breaking experience and contribute to something phenomenal.
Hounds of Heaven is an urban fantasy novel with science fiction elements. Full of fast paced action, violence and vampire strippers
"Hey, Eugene get up."
The sun shines in the window with a tepid temperature across Eugene’s face. Spring was just around the corner
There were nine billion people on Earth when they hit, about 1.1 billion were left, we now have about 750 million, best we can tell.
Prof. Christopher Riley just found out about his disturbing family history. Now after reawakening the family curse, he must Stop it.
"Demonstrations of Modern Transcendence" is intended to whisk the reader off into a world of love, futility, and bad decision-making.
A standalone epic fantasy in an underground city about a young man trying to find his place in a world that is all but destroyed.
The epic start of the newest rising science fiction trilogy!
Gladius is a thrilling eBook, exploring the consequences of choices, complexities of morality, and inner conflicts of human nature.
Two sequels for debut novel Agents of Change, which boasts "plenty of surprises [and is] packed with twists, disasters, and suspense."
THE INNOCENT BANKER is a story of a banker working for a large Suisse Bank that learns the perils of starting his own bank and his fall
The Sandy family never seen  this kinda evil at their doorsteps before. The youngest, Elroy uses his faith, sword, to combat the devil.
A color illustrated book of writing prompts and story ideas from over twenty professional authors and over ten genres.
Sex, Magic, and Rock N' Roll
Looking to publish/print my first novel. It is a romance/comedy/erotica/satire piece, and is a love story about a guy with diphallia.
Join M.A.D.S. and the Professor in the misadventure of a lifetime as they accidentally travel through the far reaches of time and space
I believe in writing stories with positive messages for youth. Let's work together to edit and publish this undersea YA fantasy!
Seven years of research and writing has readied this epic trilogy of the world leading to the Genesis flood - the Days of the Deluge!
If the only good part of a story is the ending, then the story isn't worth telling.  This story is worth telling.
Help fund "The Gift", a gothic saga novella series following in the footsteps of V.C. Andrews, by best selling author M.D. James!
A thrilling adventure on the high seas as a multitude of groups seek a hidden and mysterious treasure.
My story takes place in a time long ago, when dragons were real and life was for the strong and mighty.
In "Kill Ratio" America is collapsing in the grips of a plague.  If it doesn't kill you, you're already dead.
Big Charlie, an Atlanta dopedealer, becomes a serial killer struggling with the polarized values of his means and his environment.
Help a young author spread the joy of reading to others
Motorcycle Road is a coming-of-age story currently available as an e-book on Barnes and Noble.
A 3 novel adventure exploring how the speed of communication has and will directly impact the speed of society’s technological advance.
This will be the last battle fought on earth between Good and Evil forces.
God led and God driven the words contained on the pages of this project will set the captives free and break the chains that bind!
Baseball comes to Africa in this debut novel, the story of an ex-ballplayer seeking redemption in the unlikeliest of places.
Bacchus challenges Shakespeare for the hearts and minds of the Shaky Town Players in present-day Los Angeles.
I have written 2 books that have done well but need to build capital for editing and producing 3rd book in the series. toddthiede.com
Action, Adventure, Death and Destruction based on a true story set in the African bush.
Hi, I'm an Author and my dream is to have my mystery thrillers read worldwide. So, I need a professional translation into english.
Post-apocalyptic Struggles for freedom, for life, for love...
for humanity.
One of the most popular alternative history questions asked is "What If World War Three actually happened.". My project is one answer.
Jackson Wood is sent to prison where he must dig through the horror to discover the secrets of the prison.

What will he uncover?
Book 1 Other Realms. Ground breaking SciFan Full Color Illustrations. Fulfilling life long cancer survivors dream! Jonathan V Willliams
The story of a serial killer who collects obituaries as trophies and an F.B.I. agent struggling not to become a killer himself.
A vivid fantasy of Robin Hood and his companions of Sherwood Forest as they portal between present day and the world of the Elves.
"Jane and the Hair Goblin" is an illustrated fictional book for tweenagers (and up). This is story one of three of an awesome series.
A book about surviving, revenge, healing, hope and most of all about love.
The Star Jump Chronicles will take you not just to the Stars of the Milky Way Galaxy, but indeed to the Stars of the Universe!
Champion Standing is a fantasy novel blending non-stop action and memorable characters in a tale of betrayal and redemption.
Alex Hunter's third thriller novel, featuring agent Luc Hansen of the DER, in which Hansen faces ISIS and people trafficking.
Bringing the The ProChrist, Son of Sin and The Angel King together for one great story about overcoming adversity!
"Novem Astrum" is an original fantasy series with a historical twist. "Gordon’s Cailis" is the first novel of this series.
A science fiction / horror novel and companion website about humans on a distant planet where predators lurk behind every shadow
Vampires & Vixens is a Modern Fantasy / Historical Fiction Story, with lots of flashbacks. Think Buffy meets Highlander...
A fun and exciting thrill ride of a story, with a crew of misguided misfits leading you to adventure.
A trilogy of novels centered around a genetically modified child who must choose sides in a battle of morality between good and evil.
After the The Little Prince mysteriously disappears, a young girl on his trail, believes she has found him.
Fantasy novel with Leprechauns, Elves, Gnomes, etc. inspired by the Tolkien novels - filled with illustrations
At the edge of fatigue on the last vestiges of sight he sees it. Carrying the purest blade ever forged he pursues it.
A Stolen Life is a collection of short stories and poems that  bring attention to the human condition and how we deal with each other.
Publish the first book, continue the series via the second book already in the works, and test both books for possible movie
Ashes of Reality is a small startup company focusing on helping independent authors navigate publishing their works.
A book about an altered history, a man that gets caught up in the wrong situations, and a journey to find the truth.
This project is to create a collection of 5 amazing adventure chapter books for young readers. Be a part of our incredible journey.
All Americans, Arabs, and Expats should read the book Bahrabian Bacchanal: The Untold Story about Arabia - by Abu Mohammed
Zombie style apocalypse book with a few twists, it's exciting and will be an amazing read.
Trivia from a galaxy far, far away....Star Wars: Original Trilogy Edition, a brand new trivia book based on the Star Wars Universe.
Beagus, a stubborn, audacious king is cursed to be a beast for life. His rivalry with Borin continues until he meets Gamel.
I need help getting my book, "A Buddhist Love Story" professionally edited.
The story of Jesse as told by herself. Jesse and her family are a new evolution of humans living amongst us.
http://jkmajors.webs.com/
The psychedelic tale of a young man who has been imprisoned for no particular reason and his dreams as he comes to terms with reality.
A secret society and a teacher of TRUE democracy collide in this sci-fi thriller slash cautionary tale of western wealth concentration.
The NeoExodus Novellas has the goal of starting a fiction line to support the NeoExodus: A House Divided RPG line.
Two convicts and a kitten take on the world.

This isn't just a "Choose your own adventure" - Be IN the story!
Teenage Vigilante is the ebook debut of screenwriter Eric Spudic.  He wants to advertise the heck out of it!
A written work( a novel) giving voice to a strong woman's journey through life as she triumphs many setbacks and relationship issues.
The third book of short stories written by Arthur Herzog III
Five people's lives intersect in a 12 hour period at a Vegas casino. 
Imagine "Pulp Fiction" written by Nick Hornby
Somewhere on Canada's Inside Passage, terrorist plot to destroy a cruise ship filled with celebrities and VIP's
Une jeune femme trouve l'amour dans un institut psychiatrique où les docteurs sont plus dérangés que leurs patients.
Sinseer Publishing Is an Independent Publishing Company that publishes authors along with turning our books into movies.
Love crime novels? Join the adventure of Lieutenant Jake Alexander and his team as they fight the evil that is threatening to take over
Allegorical story about the creation of a race of neosapiens.
A plague threatens mankind, the cure is locked inside a most unlikely person.
If you like horror "Sinister Files" will not disappoint.
We want to get our book published in hardback form so those who do not have E-readers can enjoy the book as much as everyone else.
The story of Christmas set in Bavaria in 1242 AD, encompasses most of the things that we celebrate today about Christmas. Readers 8-80.
A small group of people creating a no-holds-barred and uncensored type of writing in short horror stories
I want to bring light to bullying in the United States by cleaning up and publishing / distributing copies of Titles of the Wrong Kind
The success of future writing projects will be determined by the success of Holy Exodus.
Sharing unreleased writing, unique copies of my books, and early drafts of my next two novels (a horror and a comedy) for 2014.
Poe and the Whale is a book of short stories, poems, and comics.  Magic battles, mystery, and detectives make their world.
A young man, new heir to a fortune, also inherits a murdered body in his library. Coincidence or connection???
Sparky was at a turning point in his life so he did what came natural to any aging New York City born and raised, streetwise, tough guy
1963, President Kennedy’s double is assassinated. The book is an historical novel filled with facts intermingled with fiction.
Cutting edge spontaneous writing presented in novels, short stories and poems -
Cozy Reading in a box! A monthly subscription box full of cozy goodies and a great novel delivered to your door.
Forever Layla, a time travel romance, needs to be completed and the fans who got a chance to read the opening are begging for the same.
Writing and publishing the first three books (eBook and print) in the Starr Falls romance series (eight books planned so far!)
A story focusing entirely on the suddenly changed life of a child who upon returning to his village, discovers it in total devastation.
FBI Agent John Knox doesn't want to just save people's lives - he wants to save people's souls, taking out killers along the way.
Internationally published novelist, Chad Corrie, would like to bring some of his revised fantasy novels back into English publication.
Follow Century, a creature walking between our world and the next as he battles his way through demons, angels and gods for vengeance.
We bring international writers together to create a full-length, published novel, one chapter at a time.
Madison is an ancient evil reincarnated as a young girl. She must learn to use her powers for good while escaping her evil past.
Love and A space adventure
One by One is a tale of one man and his need for revenge. This is not a shoot em up more a suspence thriller that will keep you riveted
Three short books, set in ancient Rome, focusing on the gifts three gladiators give to their women.
Edward, a cunning murderer targeting hitchhikers, & Will, a blood-thirsty hitchhiking killer, face off in this non-stop thriller.
The second installment of the Shifting Sky series. Come back with Sky, meet Nik, and fight alongside them against the evil druids.
You could name a character and get books too! Are you daring enough to have me call you? A new fantasy adventure. Coming this fall!
This is Nevermor: a series of dark fantasy novels based on Peter Pan - an ongoing project consisting of a trilogy and related works.
Healing Together
An exploration into a female mass shooter. The aftermath and how it almost destroyed her family.
I have written a series of novels but I need your help to market them. Will you help this author's dream come true?
Glimmer Girls. Born with scales, raised on land. Ocean or Earth? Which world will she choose? A paranormal romance.
A forbidden spirit chooses Jaylen as a vessel to wield its dark power. He fights to protect the world, the spirit fights to destroy it.
Rising literary star, and avid weed smoker Leslie Charles must protect his family from the dangers a mysterious sex video brings.
Hungover, blood-soaked, alone. A tale of life's common horrors in uncommon times.
The economy sucks, even for the criminals and when the Mafia starts outsourcing, two underemployed hitmen take a job they can't refuse.
An evil monk unleashes a horde of zombies upon feudal Japan & only a band of elite warriors - and a 16 year old girl - can stop them.
Bring Mary back to the convention circuit with a brand new release from the world of 'Gift of the Dathuri' at GeekGirlCon 2014.
Stephen Lindsay is a cooperate lawyer, as far as his family knows that is. He is really a spy whose double life is catching up with him
Angels...Demons...
What do you know of the Purgers?
A magical combination of words, punctuation and grammar that mix  into a messy stew of feelings, like Forrest Gump, only less Gump.
I'm seeking to write my book, High Society: Maquerade. Step into the world of these socialites as they interact in one night of fun.
ARCHANGEL is the first action packed erotic romance adventure novel from author Denni Towle, Winner of the 2014 NaNoWriMo Competition.
Life isn't fair.  The good guys don't always win and the bad guys don't always get what's coming to them.
Hi, my name is Sarah J. Browne, and I am submitting my manuscript this summer to Author One Stop: http://www.authoronestop.com/
The Book and Quill Cafe, owned by a quirky character named Rick Harding, has great lattes and even better stories.
A collection of short stories based on the surprising tales of a life long Wrentham State School employee.
CONTAGION, a highly influential book, is out of print. We want to give it new life!
If Bridget Jones & The Office had a baby it might look something like Animal Cracker. A bunch of sassy women get back at the boss.
The Night Tribe (NT-1) is ready to go global with the near completion of the first book and the sequel (NT-2) to follow.
A collaborative novel in the style of a Choose Your Own Adventure which will evolve based on funding.
This project is a Novel (potential movie screenplay) of a bizarre tale of high adventure, based on a true story.
A novel of suspense about a mother driven over the edge when her son goes to prison. If it was your child, how far would you go... ?
A YA novel for young men; Opening The Ball is a blend of science-fiction and historical-fiction, with the Civil War as a backdrop.
A young adult fiction novel. The Travelers is a story about war, love and uncovering darkness even within you.
Devour Lovecraft? Miss shows like Buffy and Angel? Help launch this action-packed dark urban fantasy set in Hoboken and Jersey City, NJ
New York as we knew it in the Eighties is gone. This novel is the story of one man's meteoric rise and fall in that forgotten carnival.
A novel that explores an explosive new wave in superhuman abilities.
mini-movies for mighty manuscripts...
Newest book out. Shonuske loses his family and then finds that he is not as alone as he first thought. He must go through hell, first.
Publish my book that tells the twisted tale of love, vengeance, our darkest days and the measures we take to outrun our destinies.
This project is an attempt to translate my life experiences with death, depression and the supernatural into novel form.
The 1st reality novel where you are part of the story.  $500k is hidden somewhere in the USA.  The book reveals clues to the treasure!
Sci-Fi book project looking for funding to write and publish.  Will make freely available at end of project.
Science fiction, tomorrows military and political intrigue battle towards the end of mankind.
I want to publish books/series that feature various superhuman and supernatural characters living in a shared continuity.
Indie author of Strega Series. Book I now available. Need help funding the publishing process for Book II (planned release Oct. 2014).
Flower's Curse is the sequel to the 4 star rated YA Fantasy Novel, Flower's Fang.
Drumpf Nation seeks to expose the divides government policy and personnel can have on society through noir political satire and action.
I worte a fantasy novel about the place I would go in my head as a child to escape the physical and sexual abuse in my life.
I need to hire a professional editor, cover designer, purchase my ISBNs and my copyright. Help me publish my first book!
I want to publish the second book in the Time Riven series.  
In Volume 2, Daniel Macon races to stop a catastrophic time-based attack.
"Amazing Tales From Beyond" is an imaginative blend of science fiction, adventure, and fantasy stories that will astound you!
You Need A JOB TO SURVIVE But You Need A DREAM TO LIVE. "The Devil Wears Payless" is my personal journey to the illusive dream job.
A man believes that the sitcom families from "Good Times" and "All in the Family" are real, and sets off on a road trip to find them.
Write an historical fiction novel set in your hometown or current city. Complete it within 30 days & distribute it under a Creative Commons license.
This project is to fund the editing of a fictional dark adult fantasy novel I've written. The project is over 100k words.
Growin' up meant more than just gettin' taller....it meant learnin' to smoke, spit and cuss when you were barely out of short pants
Enter the world of Dr. Sung, an doctor on the edge of losing himself. Finding comfort in bondage, he becomes more than before.
FLASH! is a backer content generated writing anthology.
A novel about human existence in the vast unknown and the love that gives it meaning.
The Darker Side Of Light is a story about the evils plaguing our society, and what some people are willing to do no matter the cost.
I want to create first a sci-fi book story based on this new ultimate hero in these new deep world and then maybe a cartoon!
I have a story to share the world, but no money to get it out there. Only words. Just give me a chance.
Kapitel 1&2 gratis  auf: Facebook "Saras Nightmare" lesen! Freue mich über jede Art von Unterstützung.
Producing great fiction and poetry since 2008, The Literary Hatchet seeks readers of the macabre, mystery, and murder!
Soul of Her Shoe II & III is a continuance of the suspense filled drama. Which Shoe Best Represents You?
I'm a young author trying to tell a story, beautifully.
My book is based on a young man's journey of self discovery, travelling through an unknown world.
Wenn die Kinder liebevoll zum Nachdenken motiviert werden sollen, dann ist dieses Märchenbuch Pflichtliteratur!
A book so intense you won't be able to put it down.  Get ready for action, adventure, revenge and even a bit of romance.
An apocalyptic world. The survivors live thanks to the most great story books. They have to protect an incredible scientific proyect.
There's something missing from the book subscription box market, and we want to fix that.
Ongoing science fiction/fantasy series for kindle. I would like to get the season finished, and have hard copies printed.
Science fiction story about a genetically enhanced soldier fighting to survive while on the verge of the greatest discovery of mankind.
I AM GOD  - ONE MAGICAL COLLECTION
New Orleans' own Jules Cassard's new novel about love, marriage, and the murder it takes to make it last.
Looking for funds to self publish "Watcher In The Fall: Conversions", book 2 in a SciFi series of Intrigue of the Multiverse.
I have been writing a book about a woman working in hospitality and dealing with the shady side of the industry in NYC.
Book one of Uriah Wolf's sci-fi vigilante/detective series.
A Heart pounding, gut wrenching tale of the American Civil War.  Based on true events.
I suffer from Post Concussion Syndrome. My only viable career path is writing. A good book costs money to make; money I don't have.
This book is more real in actual events than a book totally fictionalized! Its the story about a female crack addict @ lifetime events.
The Deity is the Da Vinci Code of our age.  Dealing with topics such as religion and the possibility of Alien creation
Superb opportunity to rework a finished & published manuscript into a well-honed book.
Nanocrats: Conspiracy Fiction Book ~The saga of the coming of the outternet and the Democon plan for world domination. Nanocrats.com
The incredible tale of one girl's journey from being born dead to working with NASA to help unravel the mysteries of the universe.
Fracking Justice is the fictional sequel to 'The Fracking War' that dramatizes the conflict between energy companies and activists.
The Parables of Life Crime and Investigation Collection featuring U.S. Marshal Harry Bailey a 12 volume collection is ready to market.
A dystopian novel about life in a world where time IS money needs translation into english. Make this happen, there's no time to waste!
The Real Outbreak is a daily updated zombie story based around a small town whose residents join together to defend against the terror.
A humanitarian novel set in Dolo Ado, Ethiopia. Sequel (sort of) to Disastrous Passion. By aid worker/blogger, J.
Combination of movie script and audio book
Science and religion meet in Jack's visions.His visions are the only hope for restoring the fabric of the universe.
Young Lessa and Jeri the dog, in a desperate flight for freedom, hop a train to find help saving the family farm. Will help find them?
