A book about the artwork of Jessica Voorsanger, 20 years of popular culture projects.  The book will focus on the Impostor Series.
SAFE gives a glimpse into the London queer performance scene and what it means to perform and embody a wide range of genders.
Function is a fine-art publication spurring from Ryerson University in it's 15th year of production.
West Savannah kids and seniors have made story quilts about their lives, families and neighborhoods. We want to make a book about it!
I am looking to print the next 3 issues of SLAG Mag, a print based art zine. The issues focus on issues of HIV, Peace, and Glitter.
Shhhh...this is how Chicago was really made.
A book of over 80 larger-than-life 1980s toy portraits that captures details unseen during the hours of play.
An Art Book for people who have waited tables or waited for tables. Over 50 artists drop the bill at your table. Order Up!
A book of illustrated Daydreams, captioned with brutally honest truths for those of us that live on the edge.
Second in the crumlushly illustrated Matlock the Hare trilogy... You'll chickle, you'll eyesplash, you'll dudge your whammets!
The Faces of Diabetes book is finally done and now we need your help to publish it!
$29 Goal! Photography Documentary book on PCLIPPY, The Human Social Network.  A photo study on people coming together via a paper clip.
"Mark Schultz: Carbon" serves as the first of a new series assembling the best recent graphic works of Schultz.
With the funds we raise on Kickstarter, we will complete production on issue 7 of the Kingsboro Press. 
A collection of art from Atlanta Based Artist Chris Hamer of Urbnpop
9"x9" hardcover art book of 50 selected pen & ink drawings by self-taught, outsider artist Eli Helman.
Hey guys...Yoga Fan Girl here...You don't live in a house you live in your body...I am Yoga's number 1 fan... So let's have some fun!
What does #happy look like? This limited edition art book contains original prints derived from public Instagram data and analytics.
A spiral bound reference book full of professionally photographed models in dynamic poses with a CC BY 3.0 license.
We want to make a book to show the diversity of contemporary Mexican identity from NYC, LA, and Mexico City.
Over 100 pages of illustrations based on original concepts created by Sanford Greene and other collaborators.
A collection of oddFAUNA creature illustrations all in one little art book.
This photo book, created through an independent study, carries the viewer through 75 years at Sheldon Calvary Camp.
Creation of first coffee-table book on Kazakh Craft: 
Need support for additional research in Mongolia + Initial book production
Soapbox Press collaborates with designer Darragh Casey with his project Shelving the Body.
Hilarious Book 4 Big Kids (No idea why it was rejected by children's publishers? Don't they know swears are the new Pokemon?) Ages: 16+
I'm turning the writing and drawings from my blog (weoverhear.com/christopher) into a book.
I am publishing a photographic retrospective for Bob Campbell who died homeless, leaving a legacy of American culture.
Art, knowledge, poetry and lore about herbs- with 26 original pieces as the primary illustrations.
A small zine compiling art from the illustration students of Art Center College of Design in Pasadena, California.
An utterly random assortment of alphabet art from eight great artists in the Bay Area!
A humorous coloring book for adults with illustrations depicting the "joys" of married life.
Clockwork + art nouveau + mythology in stunning watercolor! Unique book and print series funding now!
Publishing Regula Franz's mid-career monograph of powerful and timeless photographs in collaboration with Herekeke Arts Center.
Hundreds of detailed drawings, paintings and sketches from the candid sketchbook journals of an artist, teacher, traveler and writer.
HOAX is a free, non-profit, artist-run journal dedicated to publishing creative works incorporating text. Issue 6 coming this October!
An art exhibition is ephemeral. An art ebook will live forever. This free ebook extends the artist's work to a worldwide audience.
We're pairing up Amo's paintings & Thressa's poetry to make a book about bodies, transitions, spaces, & how we occupy them.
Where’s Walter is an elaborate picture book inspired by a love for the zombie genre...and activity books from our childhood.
Sharing photographs of graffiti in Iraq, Afghanistan and Kuwait to build understanding of the experiences of our military.
A beautiful photo book on puppy-mill dogs that raises awareness about puppy mills and acts as a call-to-action to help these dogs
A collection of 25 social media and pop culture propaganda posters that I've assembled into one coffee table book.
Photos of people reading Emma Bull's novel War for the Oaks in the locations from the book.
Teaches the basics of art for K-5, with simple examples and handy review pages to reinforce concepts.
An photo experiment meant to capture the carnal and raw nature of mankind. We want to turn this into a limited book of prints.
Through his art book David Alcala will share his innovative fusing techniques that has captured the attention of the glass art world.
A book about the Sylvania flashcube—the space-aged, flash photography device, revolutionary in 1965 and nearly obsolete by 1975.
Artist book published to coincide with a solo museum exhibition at SECCA in NC; this will be the first publication of Frank's work
From Cambodia, with <3—to help fund a photography book of children in order to better their education and future.
A book about author James Wylder, by author James Wylder, that gives you a cornucopia of pretentious fun (about author James Wylder)!
Calling writers, artists and backers for a new anthology reflecting trends in contemporary media and culture
A book for all ages! 52 illustrations of a day in the life of a gnome, in black and white, each with a caption. Dedicated to my Oma.
Utilizing writing and photography, our book addresses today’s crazy beauty ideal by offering sanity through self-acceptance.
A multidisciplinary print project exploring dualities via essays, prose, photography, illustration, music and film.
A collection of images I shot in Yosemite this past Summer compiled into a  limited book.
Breathtaking photographic images exploring the Venus poses & female nude. Shot on medium format film. Complete & ready for publication
Award-winning Guadulesa shares her 2-year artistic journey to study, meditate & paint with 5 healing tones used by Cherokee ancestors.
Celebrating is fun! But binge drinking can be deadly. For ages 18 and over.
Cut-paper illustrations tell the tale
A small collection of the pauses between light & sound in a 7" paperback book, photos by Leslie Ostrander & music by Matt Marka.
A stunning collectible art book featuring the best street art, street food, events and more in Los Angeles in 2011.
I drew and wrote one childhood memory a day for 100 days about my memories of growing up in Singapore. Now here it is as a book!
A book revealing the unseen work of Howard Tangye – the influential Saint Martins tutor to generations of famous fashion designers.
A new book about craft and skill celebrating inspirational makers from London's creative hub
I want to make a book that is both a beautiful object and a catalog that documents my adventures with a touring, evolving art piece.
A novel / photo book by james campbell and rachel goldfarb of Idle Theory Bus. Inspired by 3 years of #vanlife
A book project by Sara Cwynar of original and appropriated images and text, co-published with Blonde Art Books.
Sci-fi actors uniquely showcased in the eagerly anticipated, stunning photo-book 'Men of Science Fiction' by Dennys Ilic
A book of poetry and paintings for anyone seeking a moment of clarity in the everyday
Fantasy art and book illustration by award winning artist Ruth Sanderson, collected in a 224-page full color art book
Finally an honest ABC book! 'A is for Boat' explores the capricious nature of English with a picture book of silent letters.
New York Times bestselling author and artist David Mack (Daredevil, Kabuki) shares his most intimate drawings in a deluxe art book.
A book of colorful folk art scratchboard drawings of rescued cats with their stories including the people who love them.
A unique alphabet book of contortion and acrobatics by Kaci and Katie of AcroEntertainment.
This coloring book is NOT for kids! It's for adults who enjoy laughing at (& coloring) pics of people dying in lots of different ways.
A short story about the turbulent relationship between Crockett and Poppy. Beautifully illustrated using printmaking techniques.
The most interesting writers we know, all asking and answering the same question: why can't we stop watching cat videos?
This is a book about clouds, traveling clouds. I invite you to play and dream. To see the world exactly as you want to see it.
Outpost is an annual, non-profit print publication on art and arts-based community activism from traditionally underexposed cities.
Blade Runner-inspired artwork from 25 illustrators, collected in a risographed anthology booklet.
An Artist Paralyzed By ALS Inspires Others To Fulfill Their Creative Potential.
Printing of the catalog, "The Architectonics of Love" featuring photography and collage by Melissa Steckbauer.
The second issue of Secret Behavior will focus on the intimate moments of family life, as seen through the eyes of exciting new talent.
A street photography book about the spirit of one of the most diverse, exciting cities in the world.
Roller derby is an incredibly colorful sport. Help make an incredible coloring book!
The political practice & visual propaganda of the Madame Binh Graphics Collective in book form - Help bring this obscure radical art history to light!
A behind the scenes look at how to capture brilliant photographs of your children using natural light.  
13 unique offset prints by 13 artists, each depicting a heretical person or movement, all put together in a nice silk-screened case!
Teenage rebels! Rock'n'roll impersonation! Big hair! Rural ennui! Bad dancing! A pulp-horror-fairytale book for adults + 7" vinyl!
The true story told in pictures and poetry of an 88-year old survival artist who lives on the streets of New York City
BARK PARK is an ARFabet book for all ages that celebrates the alphabet and the magic of dogs with expressive scratchboard illustrations
An art book featuring brand new Scifi illustrations by Hugo Award Winning artist Julie Dillon. Astronauts, robots, aliens, and more!
DUM DUM's 3rd issue comes in a box featuring experimental literature, essays, photography, and objects, in a perversion of form.
A book we hope to produce to challenge stereotypes by illustrating the distinguished, gentle and artful nature of these amazing dogs.
A numbered, limited edition art book that catalogs dog actors that earned their way into the credits.
31 Days of everyone's favorite bounty hunter - collected in one volume! Will feature never before seen art, sketches and commentary.
Color you way through 24 of Jane Austen's witty quotes paired with original hand-drawn ink illustrations in this adult coloring book!
This hardcover coffee table book showcases all the whimsical illustrations from professional book illustrator Lee White.
if a scientist-turned-artist wrote an illustrated guide to philosophical apparatus used to investigate how thinking shapes culture.
A short full color artist book with ugly bloody beasts tastelessly foisted upon scenes of gaudy home decor. A great holiday gift.
The Con Artist Collective is celebrating it's 5 year anniversary by publishing a beautiful book featuring work from over 400 artists
A new 14 page full color zine full of new work by artist Andress Yourself.  DIY screen printing shirts, patches, stickers, art & more!
A reference book for tattooers, designers, and craftspeople. 50+ Full color pages of original illustrations, and inspirational tattoos.
Make + Look + Learn = Geometric fun in your hands and mind!
Forget apples and zebras! Alphabet of the Other Childhood explores the dark, complicated, and often hilarious side of our early years.
A set of 5 beautifully illustrated books, silkscreen printed and hand-bound in San Francisco by Lena Gustafson and Peter Calderwood
Robots are so freakin' cool! They deserve their own book. So I'm making one!!!
Fund the next issue of SLAG Mag: The Return. Interested in art, psychology, criticism, and poetry? Help support emerging artists!
A pre-sale of the book "Black Apple" by Thatcher Hullerman Cook.
An art book featuring portraits of the individuals who lost an American Presidential election, John Adams through Mitt Romney.
The second volume in a series of lavishly illustrated books on the aspects and techniques of creature design for film, games, and toys.
We want to publish our book of illustrated haiku
Celebrate and preserve Detroit's rich architectural history.
A hardcover book of doodles from the intertwined imaginations of our 4-year old daughter and me, and the story behind them.
A book of photographs and essays documenting Inbound: Houston—a  public work that re-imagined and re-purposed billboards & radio waves.
The art of digital living in the PRISM era. An illustrated limited edition Kickstarter-only book for art, tech & theory fans.
"Portraits Volume One" a book of art by DWITT, collecting 4 years of strange, experimental, fun, and odd drawings of faces.
Embark on a journey through Violet the Vine's senses in this whimsical fable and discover; the deeper the roots, the richer the fruits.
A 200 page hardcover volume of illustrations and paintings by the visionary designer and creator of GOLEM, artist LRNZ.
An Otto and Victoria paper doll book that empowers your imagination and unlocks your inner storyteller.
In our lives, we all must find a place of our own to call home. Join Yeti, as he sets out to find a home for himself.
A revolutionary handwriting instruction method artfully woven into a relaxing, adult coloring book.
Sinister and sensual artworks from the Golden Age of Vintage Poster Art: Rare images from the Century Guild Museum of Art archives.
Breathtaking artbook based on Norse mythology, by award-winning illustrator, Milivoj Ćeran
A collection of art and essays showcasing the best African American artists in today's vibrant comic book culture.
A collection of botanical paintings that allows you look closer at the beauty of nature.
An all-colour, fantasy art book by the illustrator of Matlock the Hare, journeying deep into the magical landscape of Winchett Dale.
360 pages, 26 texts, 20 years of artist-curating, 12 drawings, 1 book.
Soutenez le prochain  livre d’artiste par Michel Mazzoni à paraître en coédition 
(Alt Éditions + Éditions Énigmatiques).
A sketch and drawing book of local trains on local networks, designed by writers for everyone.
Have a look
Together we will create this premium coloring book that is 100% designed, hand-illustrated and printed for Portland, Oregon!
I wrote a collection of about 100 poems and now want to illustrate them and publish. I am educated as an architect/artist and a writer.
I have created a fascinating and beautiful printed collector's book showcasing the Classic Game Cover Art I painted from 1985-94.
I am writing a children's book about a lovable but worried cat named "Sweet Dee". She fears retaliation from vengeful mice.
Own top President Trump quotes & Trump photography by Dave Davidson in "TRUMPISMS Commemorative Inauguration Hardback Photo Art Book"
A FASCINATING INCURSION INTO THE UNIQUE AND AMAZING ART OF YVAN GENEST
After a spiritual experience, I became an artist,writer, poet and animal communicator, I hope you will feel the magic between the lines
A compendium of artwork from the mysterious world of Avalon
"The Magic Rite of Drawing", showcasing concept and character studies from 40 years of my projects & sharing art techniques and ideas.
LDC, un libro oscenamente indecoroso! Una celebrazione di sfrenata immoralità, con sprazzi di pornografia spicciola!!  -V.M. 18 Anni-
As Delicate As A... is an activity book, geared at all ages, to expose the rich history of women while helping others find their voice!
What would famous cartoon characters and pop icons look like before they've had their morning coffee? The answer is in this art book!
An Int'l photographer & a legendary California wine writer embed with 50 Paso Robles winemakers for a vintage to tell their stories.
A 272 page case-bound book celebrating the collection of the Land of Lost Content, a museum dedicated to British ephemera.
Minitaur is more than an art-book. It's a story about making  choices in life and navigating the personal labyrinths we all face.
This book is a must have for any girl who feels their body does not fit into society’s standards.
A handmade 4' X 5 1/2"" book with 52 color photos, watercolors, children's art, and one painting.
A 128-page collection of exquisite photographs of Southern Oregon Wine County in a hardcover coffee-table book
Publication of an autobiographical coffee-table book containing forty years of work by painter Christopher Benson
Every ghost town has a story... Now, the story of the people who lived in them will be told.
La guía ilustrada de Oliva  ///
An Art Book about a spanish mediterranean city, Oliva
Artistic editorial project that appropriates the format of the acclaimed VOGUE magazine to visualize the Madrid Chinese Community.
Surfaces Utiles est une maison d'édition qui cultive et promeut une hétérogénéité de pratiques artistiques, littéraires et graphiques.
A beautiful coffee table book of tremendous insights about the history of art from the world's greatest self-promoting art "historian".
The Official Zombie Haggadah - A guidebook to the dissection and regurgitation of the zombie exodus!
A selection of 140 articles published between 1970 to 1976 celebrating what was arguably America’s most exciting decade of dance.
This is a never been told story on how when I was in London in 2004 I met some street artists;one happened to be Banksy himself.
I wanted to make an unconventional book: mixing genres and styles, Everything I  did in the past two years. 150 pages of visual work!
Coloring book about beautiful horses, dreams and flowers. Made in big format (30x30cm) with detailed realistic images.
Stanza's alphabet artworks have been very popular, so we want to publish a book. The name of the flower and butterfly match the letter.
“Today I Draw Dragons” is an exploration of pen art by Shelly Loke and an adventure of coloring fun for you.
A growing community based on art and social networking.
I am authoring and illustrating a children's book that is inspired by the accomplishments of the Tuskegee Airmen.
Un Perro Negro es un libro de Gimena Romero con registro de Pedro Aragón.
I am awards winner professional make-up artist with over 14 years excessive experiences in fashion, television and commercial works
A beautiful art book full of illustrations chronicling the 52 week Retro E-Waste Lifestyle Club by chiptune / post-rock artist Alone
For 3 years now I have put together a collection of figure model photos that I would like to offer as an art reference book. =)
I will digitally re-create a photo of your pet dog, put them on a skateboard, and write a short poem that describes their personality!
In 1899 Art Nouveau illustrator Alphonse Mucha printed 510 copies of his masterpiece. In 2016 we are finally unlocking its secrets.
Diab Alkarssifi’s lost archive of Lebanese and Arab photographs is brought to light in a new book by Ania Dabrowska.
Illustrated vegan cookbooks to soothe your troubles by "goths eating things" artist Automne Zingg and traveling chef Joshua Ploeg.
A limited-edition, interactive art book showcasing 27 contemporary artists' reinterpretations of Grimm's Fairy Tales
The debut book from STUDIO GOLDSPARKLE (Peter Arkle & Amy Goldwasser), 50 entirely hand-drawn, entirely unique, entirely All Black Cats
I DRAW CARS Sketchbook & Reference guide is an indispensible tool for students, designers, hobbyists, artists and car enthusiasts.
I produced a book to inform and inspire, to bring people closer to elephants through positive and emotive imagery with accessible text.
I'm writing, designing, and publishing a book about the art and craft of interaction design. Handmade outline for $20; pre-order the book for $40!
A coloring book full of abstract patterns to get the creative juices flowin’.
A deluxe limited edition volume richly illustrated with paintings and drawings by artist David Delamare.
A fully illustrated book about the warrior Vali and his adventures. A tale that brings the Norse mythology to life.
First ever art book for Cleveland artist Scott Radke presenting 20 years of works with symbology and iconography based analysis.
An Anatomy Book drawn by animators, illustrators and comic-book artists who have worked for Disney, Pixar, Dream Works, Marvel and DC.
The first photography book by Andy Vernon-Jones. A poetic affirmation of light & life in Red Hook, Brooklyn.
SQUIGGLES! Cartoonist Mike Kunkel sets out to inspire creativity by collecting his imaginative images that start with a single line.
Art Book and Coloring Book featuring the beautiful Goblin and Fairy artwork of Mike Maihack, from the hit family card game.
A collection of dynamic artworks from the hand of one of the most influential creative minds of the last fifty years.
That Which We Do Not Understand: 10th anniversary limited edition book and fine art prints from Amelia's Magazine.
Help us make a book about the 2001-2005 projet MOBILIVRE BOOKMOBILE project, a touring exhibition of artist books and zines.
A beautiful, high quality art book for artists and art lovers, featuring the best work from the Atomhawk team.
Finally the entire original Skull-A-Day project by Noah Scalin in book form! Including never before seen bonus materials.
A 400+ page coffee table book featuring the largest collection of Ralph McQuarrie's non-Star Wars art ever published.
A fantasy-art style bestiary of lethal bacteria and the antibiotics that fight them.
A deluxe hardcover celebrating the art and career of Canada's premier illustrator of the Mad Men era.
The second volume of the popular illustrated manual of Japanese monsters, ghosts, and demons. Fully illustrated, over 100 paintings!
Based on commercial photography, this book will be 40 pages and oversize (10 x13") in an edition of at least 300 copies.
An exploration into the mysteries of the Tree of Life through a surreal collection of paintings, poetry and storytelling.
Art Space Tokyo is a beautiful guide to Tokyo through its art world. 
We're funding an update, reprint and iPad edition.
Celebrating the rediscovery of Tom Waits For No One, we present this limited edition hardcover book from the director's archive.
A Pop Up Book featuring 3-D Versions of Comic, Pop & Street Art from 6 Acclaimed Artists, Each with Their Own Unique Style
A New Artbook by Martin Abel - Fantasy Art exploring light and dark imagery through captivating Pin-up Girls
A collection of black and white drawings by Anthony Holden
Benign Kingdom presents their first collection of themed titles - Capture Creatures, the Exquisite Beast, and Midnite Surprise.
An inspiring photo book by photographer Lauren Fleishman that will share the stories of couples married over five decades.
The next great collaboration from some of the artistic minds behind the Narnia films, Avengers and Thor present a full color artbook.
An ABC book for kids about NYC's biggest borough - STRETCH GOAL TO GET IT IN EVERY SCHOOL
Sketchbook with 76 illustrations by students and instructors representing the incredible artistry and talent at Denver Botanic Gardens.
A collection of 365 #DailySketches mashed up into an art book with doodles of farting animals, pretty ladies and other random things!
The second art book by award winning artist and illustrator, Michael C. Hayes
New York Pizza Project is a coffee table book of photography and anecdotes that captures the heart of a city, through its favorite food
Meaningful Gifts: Extraordinary stories and pictures about jewelry and the culture of collecting, making and gifting at Burning Man.
"IMAGINER really is the finest book to ever carry my name." -Clive Barker.
An edition of hand-made books about a ballerina – my mother – who fell in love with the bullfighter-comedian Cantinflas in Mexico City.
Launching a new studio with an limited edition book of sea, sky and stone sketches.
The result of your shared efforts, DEAR CO-CONSPIRATORS, will be a BOOK! A collaborative, mysterious ARTIFACT of PAINTER  and POET.
A hybrid art book and short fiction anthology featuring illustrations and stories about android girls inspired by the zodiac.
Yo-NEWYORK! is an open submission, collaborative zine by diverse artists and writers living in NYC. [Submit now at yo-newyork.com!]
An illustrated book exploring imagined landscapes and topographies for New York City, told through conversations and paintings
A collection of 100 dream inspired micro stories accompanied by 100 illustrations.
The first collection of robot drawings and interactive augmented reality concepts by artist Dacosta!
A five-year adventure spent learning to cook using paint sprayers, antigriddles, and intimidatingly-named powders.
A journey to 88 temples to create 88 hand-bound illustrated books.
A book for both Design & Darwin fans. A unique edition of the evolutionary changes made to one of the most important books ever written
an illustrated bestiary of monsters and ghosts from traditional Japanese folklore
A dark tale brought to life in five laser cut panels. You can read it as a book or project the artwork onto a wall with a flashlight.
An illustrated, educational, interactive folding book that will fascinate children and adults alike. Claim yours today!
This is a 450 page book that captures the spirit and diversity of Afros & natural hairstyles today.
A collection of artwork in homage to the notorious TV series Twin Peaks by nearly 30 talented illustrators.
A new book featuring incredible photographs of Russian prisoners tattoos and their coded meanings collected from Soviet Police files.
An illustrated storybook about a young Pet Reaper who ventures to solve the mystery behind her Overworld roots.
Daggers Drawn: 35 years of editorial cartoons and covers from The Economist by the award winning artist Kevin KAL Kallaugher
Jay Blakesberg presents JAM, a 192 pg. hard back coffee table book of live music photography & extensive quotes from notable musicians.
My interest in street art and graffiti has led me to launch a book series to help preserve urban art in Portland, OR.
Book de Tour – A unique visual record of the 2014 Tour de France to treasure forever.
William Schaff 11x11 art book featuring his music related art.  Comes with a 10" by Jason Molina of new material written for this book.
Street Photography inspired by cosmology and the heavenly moment that tells you to take this image and run. It is, (y)our world 2013.
A surprising collection - temporary napkin art with coffee and a bagel. An idle hobby turned obsession. Sure to bring smiles.
A book by Yonatan Vinitsky exploring the studios of 14 international artists of the 20th Century presented as a completed sticker album
This 210 page book is ready to publish. It's a complete guide to create an amazing Halloween event, LARP or home haunt.
Dungeons After Dark is an adult coloring book of fantasy races and creatures in pin-up poses. Fantasy-tastic!
His paintings reflect a time gone by, and we want to capture these in a book for all to remember and enjoy
128-page art book that explores the mystery of science, nature, anatomy, consciousness, and the power of symbols by Daniel Martin Diaz.
An exotic Art Book for backers + A free ebook for the world.
After 3 years of shooting over 300 skaters worldwide, this project needs your help to be published as a limited edition fine-art book.
The power of Wendy Pini’s captivating storytelling and dynamic art is celebrated in this three book premium hardcover and deluxe set!
A limited edition art book, designed and bound by me. The book is a collection of drawings, collages, and xerox-art from my studio.
Help fund the printing of this limited edition, letterpressed chapbook by Stacey Levine. A limited edition run of 100 numbered copies.
Storying the hidden world of craft into a beautiful book.
A revealing look at giants through a personal journey of discovery.
An exploration into the world of the fallen angels. The second book in the Angelarium series.
An artist book exploring the studio portrait as a site of exchange, at the intersection of creativity, sexuality and friendship.
A collaboration between zine-writer Steve Hughes and visual artist Jessica Frelinghuysen.
Starting with a blank page is terrifying!  This book alleviates that fear by starting you with a partial drawing.  You just fill it in.
An absurd collection of hideous drawings cheerfully captioned with cynical alternatives to today's "popular" wisdom.
A book that captures the spirit and culture of New Orleans one letter at a time.
Lovely Ladies and Menacing Monsters from pinup legend Olivia De Berardinis and creature creator Jordu Schell. Foreword by Elvira.
A limited edition book for admirers and collectors of my work, featuring more than 50 of my favourite paintings from the last 15 years.
A book of projects, ideas about blurring the boundary of nature and building, craftsmanship and CAD/CAM, art and architecture
The Devastator is a brand-new series of comedy books, jam-stuffed with original satire and comics.  Book #1 is about cartoons!
A history book of emerging artists & critical thinkers, from the evolving mind of Generation Y
PATTERNBASE will showcase a collection of textile, surface and print designs from contemporary artists and designers around the globe.
A book of illustrations and stories from a 100 Day Project about growing up and living as an Asian American.
We’re re-designing and re-editing all 8 issues of typography magazine 8 Faces — and adding new content — to make a huge, hardback book.
South Sound girls publish their collaborative art and writing - Original Prints, Stencils, Collage, Drawings, Photography and Writing
An artist's book of altered mass consumption exploring eroticism, anxiety, fear, war, protest and the cosmos.
A book for people who like the color grey.
Limited edition art book of experimental typography & printmaking techniques by 21 emerging international letterpress artists & studios
A colourful illustrated guide to the mythical creatures from Celtic myth, believed to inhabit the dramatic landscapes of Wales
Singular Beauty is a book project featuring the photographs of artist Cara Phillips and it is designed and published by Hans Gremmen
STEADFAST is a NY arts magazine seeking to raise funds to print issue N.1 which will celebrate over 40 artists from around the world.
Heartside Gallery & Studio is celebrating our 20th anniversary!  We're creating a book to share our history and wonderful artists.
A coloring book for adults and kids full of hand-lettered motivational phrases to help you relax, unplug, and focus on the present.
All my INAT metro maps in one book: 40 cities, 40 maps, one graphic language.
Book + App
A book of three separate trips to Iceland, with accompanying illustrations. Unanticipated landscapes are hidden in plain view.
A collection of video game fan art by various illustrators from around the world focused on 8bit to 64bit gaming.
Fieldwork - a selection of images from the sketchbooks of  celebrated artist Jo Bertini’s long engagement with the Australian desert.
HARD ART DC 1979 is a photo book and traveling exhibition of early DC punk shows. We seek support for the show and to produce the book.
A sketchbook that uses templates and guidelines to help teach you how to draw the human form.
An interdepartmental project documenting the talent, motivation and collaboration of the students of Herron School of Art and Design
The first in a series of annual art books featuring exclusive new fantasy illustrations by Hugo Award winning artist, Julie Dillon.
A year in the life of a Bored Artist, documented in 365 10 minute daily sketches, now in book form for posterity.
In 1899 Art Nouveau illustrator Alphonse Mucha printed 510 copies of his graphic masterpiece. Support a reprint and 2016 exhibition.
Banksy's Dismaland was real. This new photographic book is harsh visual satire for today's absurd reality. #QuestionEverything.
Woody's years with Huntington's seen through his letters, family snapshots, rare interviews and photos of the abandoned hospital today.
The Life and Times of Jack Kirby.  This book will feature personal photographs, artwork and a never-before-seen play written by Jack.
Five accordion books covering 280 million years of prehistoric life, that together, create one continuous image 42 ft long.
2 new zines with all original material, hand printed covers, and DIY style from Los Angeles based artist and printer Andress Yourself.
AxeMan who will be 70 in the year 2010 is a 62 page, full color faux graphic memoir. Faux, because he has an axe for a head, and I do not.
A collaboration between zine-writer Steve Hughes and artist Matthew Barney.
A celebration of London, captured in paint by Peter Brown. 168 full-colour pages, complete with entertaining anecdotes from the artist.
TEN is a hardcover monograph detailing 10 years of Andrew Salgado's artistic practice. 280 pages, texts, and 100+ full-color images.
LINOLEUM: a new publisher of artist books, journals and zines featuring emerging artists in photography, drawing, new media & writing.
Mark Schultz's Storms at Sea and Carbon 2 books in premium signed deluxe formats!
The Spring 2013 Benign Kingdom Collection featuring the work of comic artists Emily Carroll, Gigi D.G., Tyson Hesse, and Phil McAndrew.
A collaborative project between an artist and a biologist, Figure Study is a limited edition, letterpress-printed artists' book.
Americana Forgotten is a book compiled from photos taken over years, showing the forgotten relics of "Americana" years.
All Together Now is a book of photographs and narratives from select women in music.  It's pop cultural anthropology and art book.
Tarot tells a story. Use this deck to break your writers block. Create stronger plots, more complex characters, and dynamic conflicts.
A fantastical illustrated historical novel featuring a traveling circus, a devastating tornado and tragic love.
Take an expedition across 23,000 miles through a book of compelling photographs and inspiring stories.
A collection of 23 illustrations inspired by 23 spy films, containing reviews and supplemental drawings.
‘The Only Way Home Is Through the Show: The Performance Work of Lois Weaver’ [working title] by Lois Weaver and Jen Harvie.
NiftyCo the Book. All the snark. All the beauty. All the chortles.
Lyrical essays and photos from a field biologist during an East African drought. A plea and an apology, a love letter and a eulogy.
An insiders look at how to pack for tour or vacation; full of hints, comments and advice from some of the worlds top touring musicians.
As Yet Untitled is an independent publishing house specialising in limited edition handmade artists’ books.
RumLuck Artbook features sketches, illustrations and design work in the Americana theme by Sacramento artist Hai-Na-Nu Saulque.
Exclusive opportunity to collect a truly unique bilingual (English-Italian) book of original drawings and watercolors of horses in Rome
A project to publish a collection of Dorrance’s brilliant cartoons about modern motherhood.
Limited edition artists' book on Rhode Island's role in Atlantic slave trade including letterpress, engravings and photogravures.
Help fund a book: BAP will publish Heather Morgan's art monograph in December, 2013. Rewards include books, art pieces, & much more.
A simple, powerful message. Over the last decade, a half million stickers have traveled around the globe. Be a part of the movement.
A limited edition book of drawings by the likes of Lena Dunham, Tina Fey, Johnny Knoxville, Lionel Richie, Rufus Wainwright and more!
An art book collecting all 125+ "Storytime" prints - a series of pop-culture inspired artwork by artist Joey Spiotto.
When poetry becomes light, when billboards talk about politics – our first artist book with the amazing Robert Montgomery.
Craft Beerds is a book of beer label art with beards, sideburns and moustaches. Well-groomed & well-photographed from 175+ breweries.
Villains are bad tempered guys, what if we try to change that by giving them some love?
A simple and funny comic book to explain what a Graphic Facilitator does.
Everyone has bad days and the one thing that never fails to cheer people up is pics of silly cats. Book of 100+ cats to make you smile
Chill Leisure Lifestyle Catalogue: Summer MMXII, a collection of lifestyle images from summer on the west coast
A deluxe hardcover art book showcasing the life and career of one of the world’s most unique and prolific illustrators – Ken Dallison
A team of three female artists have gotten together to create a very unique illustrated book based on a very unique story.
An anthology of illustrated portraits and short biographical poems of American LGBTQIA and Two-Spirit people born in the 1800s.
Help fund the printing of our groundbreaking (watch yourself, ground) instruction manual -- "How to Doodle" -- and receive UNBELIEVABLE goodies!
A bold glimpse of the rural people who gave Vermont its character as documented over 60 years by the photographer-writer Peter Miller.
Over 25 artists have joined forces to share an art book with a fun, fresh, and diverse collection of visual development!
A beautiful magazine made entirely from found paper, hand stitched, bound and cut.
We are Verluxe. We have been slaving away on a summer issue and would love the opportunity to publish it.
We are publishing 1,000 copies of a 200 page hardcover retrospective of Harold Feinstein's classic black & white photographs.
Parables & Prophecies is the second volume in a series devoted to reimagining demons through lavish illustrations and dogmatic poems.
An illustrated watercolor book of earth's greatest fantastic beasts from classical mythology and contemporary literature.
A large format book of visual puns with poems, designed for all ages, to delight and entertain, created by Emmy winner Llyn Hunter.
A quirky guide of illustrations to broaden your horizon, gain insight, & integrate new ways of thinking about your direction in life.
That's Not My Epic Modernist Poem: Book One of T S Eliot's The Waste Land. Words and pictures for babies and bigger people both!
Revisiting a century's worth of long-lost stores of Laurel, Maryland through photos, artifacts, and other memory triggers.
An edition of handmade books showing the pen lettering of the late graphic designer, calligrapher and artist, Raphael Boguslav
A PHOTO TOUR OF A TIME AND PLACE IN MOTORCYCLE CULTURE. 120 RARE, CUSTOM, ONE-OFF BIKES AND THE CRAFTSMEN THAT FORGE THEIR EXISTENCE.
Six talented artists from the world of Feature Animation have gotten together to create an anthology of personal work
The first picture book in history that stars severed limbs!  Probably not suitable for any age - but why should that stop you?
Everyone is creative until they believe they aren't. Stop ignoring your creativity and reignite, start or propel your creative crusade.
I want to bring you a book with 100 intricately designed bean caricatures of the most iconic and famous game characters in history!
Join my art project: publish my creepy-cute alt illustrations so we can color them and share!
Help preserve part of America's cultural heritage by supporting our project. All proceeds benefit architect Philip Johnson's library.
A 200 page book of drawings by illustrator Peter James Field.
A book of photographs exploring the simultaneous experience of being a resident and a tourist.
Ever wondered how they come up with those amazing origami designs?  JC Nolan's rare, out of print book reveals the secrets...
Help make and preserve art history with this unique showcase of visionary work by the most awarded sci-fi/fantasy artist of all time.
A photo book that is a celebration of the Italian crafts, the people, the stories and the places behind this incredible heritage!
A Field Guide to Chrysalies They’re Not Faeries
By Paul Keskey
Learn how Chrysalies enter the natural world, their habits and culture.
the Little Hipsters book is a collection of paintings of hipsters I've seen around L.A. compiled in an awesome little 64 page book.
A beautifully illustrated book about the art, science, math, and environmentalism of the Crochet Coral Reef project.
Ridzdesign has taken a photo a day for the year of 2012 and now wants to make a coffee table art book to share the images and stories.
An art book of truly horrific proportions needs your help!
Tikea is a book by Dr Alderete that brings together in its pages the mystery of one of the most wonderful cultures of the South Pacific
A photographic project of digitally constructed city portraits from around the globe.
I want to make a high quality hardback book that contains all 365 drawings from my 2007 daily drawing project, Works and Days.
Sketchy Things is a "best of" book showcasing the classic movie monster work of award-winning artist and filmmaker Frank Dietz.
A series of pocket-sized scripts to some of the best/worst sci-fi films ever made, in the style of Shakespeare and other classic folios
A 5.5in x 8.5in 150 page coffee table art book featuring over 75 spreads from Iris Barbee Bonner aka Thesepinklips' art journals.
'Cats on Cats on Cats' is an illustration project all about cats doing things. Like napping, scratching, DJing, and eating Tic Tacs.
Everything. EVERYTHING has a story. Here are a few of them.
VOLUME is an independently published zine that features emerging photographers from around the world.
Immortal Prosperity is a premium, highly-detailed coloring book featuring dragons and phoenixes. It is designed for people of all ages.
A large format, portfolio book of my watercolors from the last 30 years to offer a bit of magic and ignite the imagination.
Outpost is an annual, non-profit print publication on art and arts-based activism from traditionally underexposed cities.
An art zine showcasing the creations of famed horror Author, H.P. Lovecraft, as envisioned by over 50 amazing illustrators and artists!
Two years in the making and it's finally ready to become a physical instructional book about drawing.
- The art book of the animated short film "Pasteurized" -
Every single U.S. vice president with an octopus on his head — an illustrated book featuring portraits and stories about all 48 veeps.
New independent publishing company making quirky art books about London's most exciting area. Help us launch the first two books.
A field guide to the most famous and infamous practitioners of the Magical Arts in the Great City of Gateway.
This Brom hardcover art book will be the largest, most comprehensive retrospective ever published on this renowned dark fantasy artist.
The Mosaic Rooms & Hrair Sarkissian want to publish a book on the disappearing tradition of studio portraiture in the Middle East!
A creepy parody of the Elf on the Shelf Christmas tradition. Krampus is sure to scare the naughty out of you!
A collection of masterful international artists, from various genres and industries, creating the ultimate art journal.
This is what happens when you put all of your favorite things into a coloring book. It's seriously so, so cute, you guys.
WWI and WWII History through the eyes and knitting needles of those citizens who fought the war at home. One stitch at a time.
30 talented artists portray 30 awesome indie games in this artzine! Let's celebrate indie games and cool illustration!
The Tale of the Ravens is an illustrated story - words by Caitlín R. Kiernan, & paintings by Kathryn A. Pollnac.
What happens when a spider refuses to kill other bugs? Will he starve to death? What about his urge to web, and how will art save him?
A beautiful new art book featuring the masterful art of 20th Century SF-Fantasy illustrator Virgil Finlay.
"What the Hell is Saint Louis Thinking?" is all ready to be shared with the world. We just need a little help publishing it.
Stoops Magazine is quarterly publication highlighting the best of New York City skateboarding.
This is the first comprehensive collected book of works by Rebecca Guay.
A photo collection by Hiro Tanaka, culled over many years spent traveling with bands like Cursive, Lawrence Arms and Minus The Bear.
"VIGNETTES", AN 11 INCHES X 10 INCHES, HARDCOVER, FULL COLOR BOOK WITH OVER 130 PAGES OF ARMAND'S PERSONAL ARTWORKS.
I'm making the first monograph covering a decade of my artwork, exploring my visual vocabulary, conceptual themes, and methodology.
Before cameras, Tel-Avivians went to the Pri-Or PhotoHouse to document their memories. Help us digitize portraits and make a book!
During September, Assemble Daily News published 151 illustrations of daily life in Pittsburgh. Please help me collect them in a book.
Three artists (Luke Abiol, Jason Hanasik & MaryLynne Wrye) are asking the question: What can the "photograph" capture?
Touring down the East Coast, Paige Tighe will invite people to hold hands and walk. Artists' books will document the experience.
The Youssef Drawing Syllabus.  The book covering the figure drawing program taught to animation industry artists.
Stories and illustrations of animals rescued by Sean Casey Animal Rescue, in a letterpress printed, hand-bound, limited edition book.
Koya Bound: A book of photography from Japan's Kumano Kodo world heritage pilgrimage walk.
A colorful book about Celtic creatures and legends, painted and written by one of the greatest illustrators of this generation.
A 300 page, full color book and DVD containing art, writing, and film that envisions non-humanoid extraterrestrial sexualities.
A full-color exhibition catalog including literary essays by Ivy Cooper, Rujeko Hockley, and Itza Vilaboy.
An illustrated book exploring the 19th century narrative poem written by Christina Rossetti
Part of a larger art project involving an exhibition, BERTY is a journey through classic texts on the machine and the human condition.
A collection of essays sharing experiences that lead to new ideas, and their influence on the way we see ourselves, design, and others.
Pet Portraits "Unleashed" LIMITED EDITION Caricature Book by: Nate Kap named "Little Beasties" of famous dogs, cats, and other buddies
I'm an artist living in Chicago and am raising money to self publish and professionally bind my artist's book, "Scavenger Hunt." 
This is a book about unexpected shedding(s). 
Transformation.
And about the time Søren, then 3, said "Mama, take your time loving me"
MASH is a new collage magazine based in Norwich, created to unite an international collage community.
This book shows Bosnia and Herzegovinian landscapes still infected by the specter of landmines, 15 years after the war concluded there.
An art book about unexpected beauty in a complex place.
Home Is Where You Park It: A photographic exploration of #vanlife by Foster Huntington.
A book featuring visionary thinkers and makers, illuminating more ecologically, economically, and socially just versions of "now."
Scorpion Dagger is an art book by James Kerr featuring his remixes of Early and Northern Renaissance paintings. Published by Anteism!
An art book collection of images and stories from the yearlong photography project about women and what inspires them.
TOOTH is a 240 page book of black & white posters, pointless propaganda & deluded ramblings. It also includes a 60 minute CD of music.
A creative escape in the form of a coloring book, featuring hand-drawn illustrations of some of Philadelphia's most iconic places.
I decided to draw a "creature" a day for one year. Over 200 are conjured~ When completed, I want to put them into a beautiful book!
The 3rd installment in The Monstrous Makeup Manual series by Mike Spatola. With More Monsters! More techniques! More Amazing Artists!
We are creating another beautiful new coloring book of legendary images in the art nouveau style.
Ania Mohrbacher is creating replicas of her 82 page sketchbook filled with fairytale ink drawings for you to own and enjoy.
In Cartoons by Hilary's first book, she collected your anonymous break up stories and turned them into hilarious comics.
Kip Henderson's 31 inktober drawings and poems featuring dead robots and living birds, compiled into one book for your enjoyment.
Beautiful, dangerous women and much  more - scratch that coloring itch with all-new lineart in this anticipated adult coloring book!
The Cinder Cone Build Book documents the process of building the two tree houses and a bowl from inception to the final result.
I have collected my daily Lovecraft drawings and a few paintings into a 80 page high quality art book and accompanying coloring book.
A Hardcover book with a gold foil cover (210 x 285 mm), from two of his more obscure writings, “Dagon” and “Nyarlathotep” with PETSCII.
Growing up as a Hutterite boy, these are the photos I shot of my family, friends and community.
Illuminating the Stars Vol. 1 will feature 33 stunning pen & ink drawings of bygone Hollywood stars by Alicia Justus for you to color!
On the occasion of its 10 year anniversary, LA><ART will create a publication featuring the hundreds of projects it has produced.
An adult coloring book pairing surreal artwork with a horror story mashup of The Pied Piper of Hamlin fairy tale and gremlins.
The first in a five volume series of high end coffee table books, chronicling the memoirs, art and unedited antics of Steve Johnson.
Coming soon from Daylight Books, Evangeline pairs Mark Marchesi's photos of modern Acadia with Longfellow's epic poem of the same name.
An anatomical guide to mythical beasts- fully illustrated and accompanied by a rich collection of tales and recorded encounters.
This new hardcover book showcases some of the finest artworks from the Golden Age of Illustration, circa 1880-1950.
Be a part of our first ever book as we guide you into the cute nightmarish world of Akumu Ink.
An all-ages alphabet and activity book by the creator of Crap Hound and LiarTownUSA, published by Show & Tell Press.
GERMAN FOR ARTISTS is a hybrid of a pocket grammar book and an artist's reflections on the philosophical aspects of German language.
Lo Scarabeo's fundamental guide to the Tarot World. A comprehensive work about Tarot symbolism, rituals, history, art.
Mani Kongo is a highly detailed graphic novel with 100 pages depicting the legend of Lukeni before his ascension as the King of Kongo.
Renowned photographer Steve Diet Goedde celebrates 25 years of his iconic erotic and fetish imagery with a deluxe retrospective book.
Street Art book of Murals by East London based artist Giacomo Bufarini ,aka RUN.
A beautifully illustrated book about the unique political murals of Northern Ireland.
A 140 page hardcover art book featuring the avian portraiture and the humorous and distinctive titles of artist Matt Adrian.
The wild food art of Jonathan Sims now available as a coloring book!
A Comprehensive Collection of Cover Art spanning the 20+ years of Monte's professional career in gaming, comics and sexy pin-up art!
This is a coloring book I have created with more detailed designs for grown folks who like to color.
This coloring book celebrates the tradition of the beard. Let your imagination run free.
Path Entanglement is an art & poetry book. It features a unique style of art, information on that style, and original poetry.
It's a lined journal and coloring book all in one ~ the ideal companion for expressing yourself fully.
A beautifully presented 400 page visual history about 'the fastest course racing yachts in the world' - the C-class Catamarans!
Who doesn't love prison! A collection of prison objects.
This is not your average book. It is a book of squares. I don't mean nerdy people. I mean a book about the shape with four corners.
Raising funds to travel for Peace and ART to Iran on Sept. 01, 2012 inspired by FORUSA.com. Create/Publish artbook of photos/paintings.
A series of illustrated religious books focusing on the multiple ways to go towards God, through text and pictures.
Reflections of the inside by an outsider.
Bringing a book to life through cross-art collaboration
A magical journey into the secret world of a mother and a daughter.
We invite you to support the creation of our poetry & art book titled, Cloud & Moss: Poems & Paintings for the Northwest.
I am publishing a book with 111 women standing on my head called the Headstand Book. It is meant to be a coffee table book.
Shakespeare invented nearly 2000 words. This Book & Prints covers every word with it's context – where it was first used in history.
After the popular reception from Reddit I've decided to make a book. A more modern day "Find Faldo"
https://imgur.com/a/mospT
Bringing savannah g's prolific art making into the public domain with a printed book.
My art, for your eyes and soul to feel.
Coffee table art book collages of celebrities and public figures.
For more images:  www.facebook.com/celebritiesgonewrong
The goal...to take one photo and rate* one person, animal, or thing with a beard every single day for one full year starting from July 3rd, 2010. 
A collection of 100 Double-Exposure lomography images curated into a 20cm X 20cm Coffee-table book with Hardcover
This book is dedicated to the backers of this project. I will draw portraits of those who pledge $50+, and they will be in the book.
A macabre 6x9" art book of memento mori imagery by SKULLGARDEN.
"Bow." is a beautifully designed, limited-edition book of poems, pictures, and stories celebrating the fight for Asian-American soul.
Support ORRRI to get 10+ origami models with embossed bending lines and an artbook with a legend and origami instructions!
A coloring book of mankind's greatest artists and creators along with motivational quotes by them to color and inspire.
Please help us to transmit 
the beauty and the values 
of singular people, places, and creations 
that merit attention.
"Simiens" is a photography book portraying the nature and people of the Simien Mountains National Park in Ethiopia
A witty, beautifully illustrated, totally serious, and just as ridiculous, weekly planner full of LGBTQ history, people, & ideas.
The second printing of the stunning hardcover art book THE ART OF DEAN CORNWELL from The Illustrated Press, Inc.
An artist who has a passion for intriguing people has created an art book of intriguing character study drawings.
A deluxe hardcover collection of "UnReal Estate"- the sold-out television-themed silkscreen pop-art prints by artist Tim Doyle.
To create a publication, and exhibition documenting the collection of Jamie Ross, longtime collector of Navajo Textiles
Baby Terrors Coloring Book - The killers, monsters, murderers and bad guys drawn by Alex Solis in their infant years.
A coffee-table book of close and personal animal portraits by award-winning photographer Robert Bahou.
BELLWETHER & Call 4 Color are teaming up to bring you the freshest coloring book filled with the most talented artists in Colorado!
The Dark North – Volume 1 is a premium coffee table art book with new stories from Scandinavia's best illustrators and concept artists.
A collection of spunky, funky, tattooed ladies ready for their print debute!
Huge coffee-table book of an exclusive photographic and editorial journey into some of the most operational units. English & français.
Share your adventures, get lost in photography and sustain your environment
This coffee table album is the chronicle of the 2015/2016 cyclocross season, the latest edition of the renowned cyclephotos books.
After 3 years of designing daily Bible art, we are compiling our best designs into a coffee table book to encourage and inspire.
An art book about scientists who changed the world.
Help me make a 52 page, HARDCOVER, 8.5" x 12" (big!), FULL COLOR book full of artwork I've created over the last two years.
Bone dry wit from London's Idle Eye blog, beautifully illustrated by 20 contemporary artists & washed down with a few glasses of Pinot.
Squiddy Scribbles is an art book full of cute and charming illustrations by Jillian Altmeyer!
A retrospective of illustrator Mr Bingo’s Hate Mail postcard project.
The first comprehensive book of drawings by the legendary Illustrator Bob Peak with over 300 of his greatest drawings from Movies, etc.
A book of teaching tools and stories from over 30 barter-run learning spaces around the world.
A full-color book of 35 portraits of Artists who live and work on the edge of Lake Superior; designed, published and printed locally.
An illustration book promoting "the little things" in life. Simple drawings remind us to take notice & appreciate the small.
Join us to print the Coloring Book of Terrible Decisions, making it affordable and available!
Oh, Dear Beast! is a submission based art journal dedicated to providing a safe environment for creative growth.
This carefully curated coffee-table book will visualize and celebrate the fashion, art, & culture of Columbus, OH.
Amelia’s Colourful Colouring Companion: a unique collaborative colouring book for adults featuring 40 artists. A perfect Christmas gift
Discover and see iconic characters like you never seen them before.   Finally all masks are off and their true identity revealed.
OVERGROWTH is an artistic collaboration and earnest search for beauty expressed through humans and nature.
The greatest Viking epics, the Poetic and Prose Eddas, retold with entertaining storytelling and full-color end-to-end illustration
Proud home baker, teacher & cake innovator, Katherine Sabbath's pop-up cookbook is an art piece of paper engineering & creative baking.
This is a graphic book from the 'Secret Life Of Heroes' illustration series.
An Illustration Book of Moon's travels in Europe. Sketches and drawings about serendipitous moments in his journey.
PaperFlock is proud to present "Keeping the Ball Alive", a coffee table book celebrating 30 years of pinball creation at Stern Pinball.
THE WORLD'S BEST 50 WOMEN STREET ARTISTS, IN ONE STUNNING BOOK, PACKED WITH AMAZING IMAGES AND FASCINATING INFORMATION.
We're back! Robot Envy:Zenith is a GIANT art book featuring 60 of the world's best robot artists collected in one amazing volume!
Help us to print and to promote the third Issue of Le Petit Néant, a publication dedicated to the art of Drawing!
Linda Adair's paintings of a romantic history that could have been – collected in an erotic romance art book and short story volume.
Libro para colorear hecho con los diseños de las artesanías de México. Coloring book made with the designs of Mexican handicrafts
A new series of books exploring African and Caribbean food culture across the world.
Be a part of the Autism Admiration movement! Faces of Autism will inspire you to view autism through a different lens.
A #TWINNING keytag supports two twin sisters' forthcoming monograph book featuring international creative, collaborative twin pairs.
Who says technology can’t bring you closer to nature? With your smartphone or camera, you can learn new ways of observing.
A thorough survey of historical and contemporary serial artists' publications with an appendix of DIY resources and annotated readings.
A 320-page career retrospective art book on the work of Mike Ploog
What if the Aztecs won the war against the Spaniards? A wonderful illustrated tale for kids and adults.
Help us fund a collaborative artbook celebrating fantasy fashion, including exclusive works and tutorials by 15 international artists!
VISION is an artfully designed book featuring 15 feline traits that teach us how to be creative people of vision.
Colo Loco says it all : its a crazy adventure of coloring! Each page of the 64 has its geeky theme, its crowd and in the end, a shape!!
Let Oxford's artists give you a tour of Oxford's cafes with their illustrations, and discover more cafes to suit your every occasion.
A unique colouring book by Mr Muju, featuring 42 pages of hand drawn illustrations from the Mujuworld dimension, suitable for all ages.
A photobook of the works of renowned sculptor, Jason Soles. Lead developer of WARMACHINE, influenced by Lovecraft & Giger.
Every day for 100 days I will illustrate a scene from the world of Bertram Fiddle and then combine them in a book.
A 160 page hardcover art book and exclusive miniatures from Richard Luong, the artist of Cthulhu Wars.
Join us to publish Tim Lane’s Silent Quarter: a darkly beautiful, illustrated short-story as a high-quality hardback artist bookwork.
FATHOMS a book collecting the artwork of Michael Manomivibul. Divers, Knights, tentacles and so much more dwell within.
A tiny trailer is rebuilt into a mobile healing room, with my books and an animal to encourage reading and sharing story.
A coloring book with a collection of Rafael Araujo’s hand drawn Golden Ratio illustrations to reconnect with yourself and nature
The official Hard Cover collection of The Destructive Artist: a comic about a traditional artist wandering through the 21st century.
I'm raising money to publish 'GB Farming', my illustrated journey across the extraordinary farming landscape of Great Britain.
An art book about the style and sensibilities of creature and character design for motion pictures, television, video games and toys.
A collection of words, artwork, & photographs featuring Candace Jean's "The Gentlemanly Rabbits" series published in a hardcover book.
Because of Judo is a photography monograph, exploring a life in judo, including elite athletes preparing for the 2012 London Olympics.
The first official art book for artist Eliza Gauger's Problem Glyphs. 100 Glyphs collected in a premium edition art book.
2 INCREDIBLE new books taught by artists from Disney, Pixar, DreamWorks, Sony Pictures Animation, Marvel, DC and more!
A book of fun watercolor illustrations of adorable cats as pop culture characters!
Artist Seth Roby and writer and printer Aaron Parrett team up to make a letterpress  book of short fiction with wood engravings!
More than just a book release, this is a spell using Kickstarter to raise $420 and create a more wizardly world.
Master your ABCs the darkly comic way, as Rosé and Fred subject each other to creative acts of siblicide for your learning pleasure.
Adult Coloring Book - for ALL ages! Use our hand-drawn artworks to let your mind relax and your creativity flow. No rules!
A photographic journey of Earthships, road trips, and a handmade cabin for less than $10k.
The Bible told in 40 paintings.  The theme of reconciliation told through the eyes of a child.  The story seen in realism and whimsy.
The third volume in this acclaimed series of lavishly illustrated, educational and inspirational books on the art of creature design.
Gender and Identity in the 21st Century
Simon Stålenhag's paintings from a childhood that never was and a future that could have been – collected in a two book volume.
A soft cover, magazine style book, with a ton of incredible art from Shallow Water. Sketches, paintings, maquettes, the suits, etc...
Every day Lance Wyman documents his creative process in his black “designlogs”. Help us publish Lance Wyman: The Visual Diaries.
A book about the second lives of Pizza Hut's iconic hut restaurants and nostalgia for the golden era of dine in fast food.
Mermaids, Fairy Tales, Zombies, and more. I'm printing a collection of collaborative coloring books...for (so called) grown-ups!
A collection of botanical paintings that allows you look closer at the beauty of nature.
A 240 page collection of prints bound in one beautiful hardcover volume.
Over thirty pages of famous propaganda posters for the coloring by your patriotic pencil!
A beautifully bound and printed book showing the paintings, stories and images found in the research for the Lost Houses project.
A book documenting Matt Morris' exhibition at the Contemporary Arts Center with new commissioned writing by prominent art thinkers.
52 weeks. 52 artists. One illustrated year.
Help me to realize a quality catalogue (160 pages) of my works on paper with > 90 color plates and texts by T. Ostermeier and A. Pigeat
"The Colorful Word: Meditate Upon the Scriptures" - a collection of lovely hand-drawn scripture-based coloring and journal pages.
Join Alaskan artist and writer Ray Bonnell in producing a  guide for 60 more historic sites in Eastern Interior Alaska
TRANSLATIONS is a monograph published by Aint–Bad featuring two series by Mark Dorf that explore science & technology in today's world.
A series of classy art books by illustrators and cartoonists Meredith Gran, Dustin Harbin, Becky Dreistadt, and Evan Dahm.
Most art books only show the finished art. My book will display unique cubism art, thumbnail sketches, and Jazzée™ poems.
A hardcover art book documenting the lives and working methods of 41 legendary American illustrators.
An Art Book of Myths and Legends from around the World -Illustrated by Leading Fantasy Concept Artists!
Memories is the first ever book of Elisa Palomino’s work.
The Little Book of Disorders is a creative take on the way we think about Mental Health.
A bestiary of bizarre and wonderful creatures, each one randomly generated by rolling dice.
I drew one TGIF cartoon every week for a year. Now I want to put them together as a weird book, planner and prints.
Nat. Parks/Rangers photos & interviews, exploring connections b/w humans, global conservation, government and wilderness.
A magical colouring book that allows you to open a doorway and escape into the Fairy Realm to bring it to life with colour.
Erin Hanson's book of extraordinary landscape paintings will showcase the intense natural beauty of California's wine-growing regions.
Finding Freedom is a collection of poetry & portraits from recently incarcerated individuals living at St. Leonard's Halfway House.
this is a book about Personal Practice : a dance project where I document practicing dancing every single day
The Philippine script is endangered. This coloring book will help teach it to kids to keep it alive for future generations.
Take a peek inside my studio:
a yearbook of creative adventures!
An activity/coloring book that explores environmental justice.
Glimpse into the process of artist Zach Johnsen with Sketchbook, a curated blackbook of years worth of sketches, ideas and mark making.
A charming and witty 62 full color page book, illustrated with the 3 dimensional work of artist Kina Crow
A collection of hi-res images & personal stories on a selection of screen used props and wardrobes from The HSPPA museum.
Daily Paintings is a high-quality hardcover art book collecting the best of Piper Thibodeau's daily paintings from the past four years.
This ain't your momma's coloring book! Colorable cover to cover, hand-drawn art made to inspire, heal and make you laugh.
A book of photos and writing about a trip via bike & train from Portland to Joshua Tree
The first art book by famous Russian artist. Interactive content, personal artist's story and a lot of unpublished artworks!
This traditionally illustrated colouring book project features all kinds of mythological characters from around the world.
FOLLOW-UP CAMPAIGN until 1st December. 
All my INAT metro maps in one book: 40 cities, 40 maps, one graphic language. Book + App
Help turn these hauntingly beautiful watercolour illustrations of abandoned places and ghosts into a book and limited edition prints
The book Matter Matters will organize and analyze the prolific output of artist Nadia Kaabi-Linke from 2010-2015.
Echo Chernik is an award-winning illustrator of cyberpunk art. This book includes (w/ permission) her most famous works to date.
Habitat Magazine is a quarterly publication made by artists for artists.
An art book posing as a kid's alphabet book - packed with whimsical, colorful fun from a kid-like perspective.
A photography book like no other about neglected children in Cusco/Peru by Hervé Hughes.
A range of colouring books for grown-ups featuring illustrations from seven artists and promoting mindfulness and creativity.
Burlesque of North America's debut hardcover book featuring over 100 pages of our own Mike Davis' graphic art!
FM is an independent journal curated by students at the School of Architecture at the University of Illinois at Chicago.
First publishing work of the illustrator Lucas Levitan. A compilation of the best of his latest project, Photo Invasion.
Masaaki Hatsumi: Dojo Art will be a professionally designed book of paintings and calligraphy by Bujinkan Soke, Masaaki Hatsumi.
A full-color book of my best robot themed sketches from recent Inktober and March of Robots daily drawing events.
Hello dear Perverts. We're back with Issue Five. This one's been in the works for a while, and it's filled to the brim with Good Stuff™
When You Lose Someone You Love is a book about profound loss expressed through Joanne Fink's heartfelt text & simple illustrations.
The third art book by award winning artist Michael C. Hayes
300 comedic illustrations from the discography of Alice Cooper doodled by Tawni Bates.
Color your way through the whimsical world of Chase’s Creatures in the first ever coloring pages book by Rhonda Chase
A community-sourced art book featuring photos & stories from the HOPE Outdoor Gallery in Austin, Texas 2010-2016.
A sumptuous celebration of the work of The World Famous: fifteen years of fireworks, fire and performance in one memorable book.
The first fully crowdsourced open book featuring 250 pages of photos, essays, and art with contributors receiving a % of all profits.
SOCIAL PROTEST is 457 individual protests in 279 photographs taken across 31 towns/cities in 8 countries with 5 signs in one book.
TEOR/éTica is a space for contemporary art in San José. We plan to revive the editorial program that is a main part of our activities
A.P.T Gallery needs your support to publish a new artist book by Robert Welch, documenting work made during his recovery from a stroke.
This new hardcover book showcases some of the finest artworks from the Golden Age of Illustration, circa 1880-1950.
SPLIT FOUNTAIN HIEROGLYPHICS will colorfully document the 1960's, psychedelic concert posters from the Seattle area.
The first comprehensive overview of the work and teaching of the late British artist Roger Ackling.
A tribute to the legendary Jay Adams. A life lived, loved, surfed, skated, hated, prayed, created, destroyed, died & reborn.
Anatomy for Sculptors' new book of human Head & Neck Anatomy with 3D model images for CG Artists, Sculptors, Painters and Illustrators
100 Years... chronicles the history of a fictional African-American family, from 1915 to 2015, in epitaphs and illustrated portraits.
A print book collection of lovely magical girl designs for your coloring pleasure!
unCOMMON:Wheels is a coffee table book that can be read in three ways. Come with us as we tell you the story of our greatest adventure.
How to Character Design book teaching observation, shape language, bringing life to characters, the studio production process and more.
30 fearless creatures whose interaction with a planet in chaos raise questions, expose the curiousness of reality & provoke laughter.
Help us launch a series of collectable books that celebrate the best in colourful, modern photography.
A small project to launch a big book of LEGO ® brick aviation ideas
Songs of Fablewood is a collection of sketches, drawings, and illustrations following Otis, a goblin bard, on an adventure in Fablewood
FIGHT! is a zine project that invites illustrators to create their own original female fighting game character.
Perverts of the world, here's our most ambitious issue of Perversion Magazine yet. Issue Three. Art. Fashion. Literature. Boom.
Maydak Volume 2: 152pg hardcover artbook of over 80 paintings and hundreds of sketches from the past three years by artist Mike Maydak.
SQUEEGEE!! - the screenprint movement continues - presenting 36 European artists, their works, studios, poster shows etc. in this book!
A book based on the postcards received 100 years ago by a young woman working to help support her large family in Buffalo, New York.
We're creating a premium coloring book that is 100% designed, hand-illustrated and printed in Nashville, Tennessee.
The autobiography of Unity Spencer, Stanley Spencer's daughter. The book launches at her show in London's Fine Art Society on 24 March.
A tangible, one-of-a-kind coffee table book that celebrates snow culture, life in the mountains and promotes positive propaganda.
I want to draw your portrait on a Post-it® Note and put it in a book with hundreds of other portraits.
When his art teacher encourages him to get to know the Elements of Art, a confused mouse searches for the Elephants of Art instead.
Burlesque will celebrate top burlesque artists in a stunning photo book, sequel to the book 'dr.a.g.' (dressed as girl).
100+ artists contribute to a book honoring George R. R. Martin's Game of Thrones!
A hapless wizard meets bizarre monsters as he gathers ingredients for a mysterious potion in this exciting book for kids and adults.
A contextual journal about the Insane Clown Posse.
A beautiful art book revealing the first decade of Jaanika Peerna's work as an artist, from drawings to performance to swoops of mylar.
The art book sequel to 2013's successful and sold-out Kickstarter project "Now Where Was I? A Sketchbook Memoir."
A book of my dad's photographs from 1977-87 while he was a treeplanting contractor on the west coast and in northern British Columbia.
The 1st cancer coloring & activity book for adults. Because laughter is the best medicine, and it's contagious, unlike cancer.
Golden Age Comic Book Covers 
Carefully Restored and Bound Together In A Paper Back Book
A meditative book of Flower Mandala images and related text that delves into 52 fundamental aspects of the human experience — and more!
The book summarises the performative journey experienced by artist F.Banchelli inspired by A.Badiou's "Dance as a Metaphor for Thought"
A world traveling family, shares "on the road" secrets in a new travel book.  All you ever needed to know to start your own adventure!
A shapeshifter convict and a bankrupt princess unravel the link between magic and science. 5 years of art and writing in a 300-pg book!
Un livre de conte pour enfants et adultes et un livre de patrons de tricot pour réaliser les 5 personnages du conte.
We are creating a beautiful new coloring book of fantasy images in the art nouveau style.
Two decades of visual images in a large format art book: drawings, behind-the-scenes photos, video stills and masks by Dan Ouellette.
A how-to jewelry book that envisions the style of today's young and hip crafters.
A colorful art book that's a humorous, sort of grown up look at individuality and the search for friendship and romance in today's age.
A photo finish coffee table book featuring art and writing to inspire and encourage passion and zest for life. Love what you do!
A book of drawings, paintings and writings from my travels to a remote, Himalayan region as a teacher at a Tibetan Buddhist monastery.
"Nicolás Uribe - Painter" is a 152 page, full color, 12"x12" publication of Nicolás Uribe's most recent work.
A 160 page hardcover art book featuring the avian portraiture and the humorous and distinctive titles of painter Matt Adrian.
The book will showcase the excellent work being done by women artists in Nigeria and abroad. It also has scholarly essays.
Miss our Kickstarter campaign? Preorder now on DarkRegions.com
Et magasin, hvor unge deler personlige historier om præstationspres, eksponering, glæde, køn, kulturel dekonstruktion og meget mere.
Dice – Rendezvous with Randomness is an art photo book about dice. Beautiful photos of dice like you never seen them before.
An anthology of Science Fiction and Fantasy Art from New Zealand showcasing over 60 NZ artists in a stunning 200+ page book.
42 Sketches is an art book of sketches with microstories to illustrate them.
The Best of WDW - Volume 1 - take a photo tour the Theme Parks at Walt Disney World in Orlando, Florida. Over 250 Stunning Photos.
Wilt Magazine is a quarterly contributor-based publication focusing on photography, painting, sculpture, literature, and film.
A limited edition hardcover book collecting the illustrative fantasy, pin-up, horror, and comic related artwork of Kim DeMulder.
A short story board book created from an original children's song
Cataclysm is an art book of miniatures, exploring a world after humans.
An Erotic Coloring Book For Adults. Sexy, Strange, Weird, and Wonderful. Original illustrations by F.Walraven. Join the fun.
BBP Publishing is proud to be publishing Katherine Agard's first monograph "Marin."
The photographic odyssey of S.E. Alaska: A father-daughter collaboration
Bombay Pets are a mixed litter of Cat and Dog drawings, cartoons and artwork. Fun, silly, upbeat, and insightful.
For Mother's Day! A glorious ABC of devotion; written with zazz & illustrated by 22 divine female artists of the Pacific Northwest.
PRINT IS NOT DEAD! Redefining printed media.
The first ever  publication that is round in shape and fits inside of a frisbee.
Showpaper is an all ages newsprint listing with beautiful poster-size artwork. Please donate to the next issue so we can keep printing!
A project to cover the printing costs of Insects & Angels third issue, Professor Vogel's Alternative History Machine.
An art book project of recordings and portraits
Adult illiteracy is easy to ignore. Our book reveals stories and dreams that are un-relatable and familiar all at once.
A book of hat knitting patterns with interesting shapes and lavish embellishments that will change how you think about hand knit hats.
To create, print, and ship an alphabet book in time for the holidays.
We pray because we are human, not because we are religious. Our hope is to provide language and imagery for your practice of prayer.
A book about the people who have inspired and continue to inspire myself and so many others.
AKA, A long winded Thank you card
This book endeavors to illustrate states of loneliness, to show those who feel alone that others do too, to spread that message far.
An ebook on animals from history.  If your favorite animal was a historical figure who would they be?
After a three year hiatus, it's time for another issue of my randomly published 'zine, Bad Influence. It's the Day of the Dead Issue!
This collaborative art book will feature over 50 artists and over 100 pages of full-color art of endangered birds from the world over.
A book containing original artwork, stories, quotes, and poems from teens who have a parent with cancer.
Sure, you can read a travel guide on Europe.. but why not see it in handcrafted images, collage art, and bits of story along the way?
A 60+ page perfect bound photo book of the not-so-glamourous life of a touring band in a 15 passenger van. All photos by Stephanie Mill
The Sermon on the Mount: Illustrated with pictures submitted by you, the readers.
Allegorical images and concise narration chronicle Pinocchio's addiction to heroin.
A 40-page, full color inspirational guide to hand lettering, how to make it, and its applications in contemporary design
An all-female illustrated zine that celebrates food and the culture of food while challenging ideas surrounding disordered eating.
We are creating a Yearbook for Appalachian Trail Hikers. With a foundation in Trail Magic, our driving force is reconnecting hikers.
A book about my minimalist sculptural works in relation to the rugged landscape of Ireland.
Steep yourself in India’s rich chai culture in this multimedia travelogue with illustrated recipes and tips on the art of chai making!
The first visually-led book that serves to document, explore and showcase the rising independent coffee scene in the north of England.
An original book of Concept art from sketchbook drawings to full illustrations by Ryan Winch
A photobook looking at China, and you'll have the only one in existence.
An enchanting photobook that blends beauty, nature, rock balancing, and inspiration to delight your eyes and stir your heart and soul.
Enter the realm of Gary A. Lippincott, world renowned fantasy watercolorist, in his book of art teeming with magic and mystery.
A Coloring Book of Legendary World War II Fighter Planes
En bog om livet med en psykisk sygdom fortalt gennem seks personlige livshistorier og illustreret af My Buemann.
The Pixel 1st Art Book features the artwork and art journeys of 20+ digital artists who broadcast live from Twitch.tv!
Think of all the feelings and ideas that are beyond words—but not art. We know that GTA students have something to say.
A fantasy-art style bestiary of incredible female myths and monsters from around the world. Help bring it to life!
Das gab's noch nie: Ein 2-teiliges Sonderheft zum Musical TANZ DER VAMPIRE herausgegeben von Blickpunkt Musical.
This book will inspire you—to love more deeply, to face your fears, to create new possibilities, and to be yourself as only you can be.
A hardcover book collection of tiny rescue pups with big personalities.
This custom art book documents 40 jazz artists in Durham, NC via photographs by Frank Myers & personal accounts from the artists.
The culmination of years of research from different countries and time periods, the book features detailed illustrations for coloring.
To order the book after this kickstarter project expires please visit lakecountryphoto.com and click on "store".  Thank You!
A book and travelling exhibition celebrating LGBT lives in photographic portraits Grow up, Come Out, be who you are..
Hand-drawn, inked, and water colored paintings of Fancy Cats. They are known Historical figures, as cats, in a book!
The first cookbook of creative and delicious punk rock recipes that match the quality and presentation of a five star restaurant.
This book is the first academic volume exploring Hussar's art process, and focuses on his unique style of figure drawing.
Scrapbook: a story of art is a 456 page full colour hard cover curating the works of Jack Whyte in the artist's own words.
Whimsical cats, funny quotes, & hours of coloring therapy for everyone to enjoy. Frame-worthy pages, a step above other coloring books.
An artistic journey, capturing the disappearance of Charlotte's culture and history using photography and prose to guide and educate.
Enter a foreboding wasteland, and join us for the creation of a field guide to the Dark Universe of Chet Zar's DY5TOPIA!
The science is in--collaborating with trees is good for our health!
Pandamorphosis is a story of magical wishes gone awry. If someone you loved, loved someone else more, what would YOU wish for?
Publishing a coloring book of floral letter illustrations as well as prints & greeting cards
Whether you've been here 20 years or 20 minutes, you'll love this ode to all things Austin: a gift book of gorgeous pics & witty poems.
A beautiful 64-page coloring book for adults inspired by the street art of 40+ renowned and world-class artists in Wynwood, Miami
Artist Dan LuVisi takes you on a twisted and satirical journey through pop culture history and its colorful roster of faces.
HUM journal is a publication designed to share and archive the creative work of artists of all mediums in the Greater Boston Area.
Taking the Lane is a zine by and about women in bicycling. Issue #3 takes on 143 years of yet-to-be-tweeted bicycling exploits.
Illustrated novel about a spirit trapped in the body of a demon as she gets chased around by a pair of commercial exorcists.
This book is my promise to our Uncle Ben to immortalise him in print. Presented as a 'Japanese accordion' it is also an object of art.
Help fund the creation of an awesome collection of character work, illustration, and graffiti in the first book by TheEarwig22.
A hardcover book of passengers, flight attendants and plane drawings in pencil from illustrator Joseph Mayernik that spans 20 years.
Enjoy Lee's new art book and his New Island project. Travel to imaginary coastlines, explore New Island, and own a beach house!
Away from the tourist filled beaches awaits an different world to discover. Explore the magnificient landscapes of the Canary Islands.
Rhonda Nass' book of colored pencil drawings, personal stories, and art guide illustrating God's intimacy customized for each person.
Full color book of hand drawn sermon sketchnotes.
Thomas Knights' internationally acclaimed Red Hot art project is BACK with a totally new look & new models. Hold tight it's
Red Hot II
Kilduff makes up, creates, adds to, and frankly just wreak's havoc with these classic words of play.
A humorous & educational coloring book for the whole family, depicting famous disappointing moments from Cleveland professional sports.
Walking through the west / 
to be a better person /
and find my purpose
Filled with illustrations and fiction, The Protectorate Wars digital art book presents a view of conflict among the stars.
A coffee table book featuring photos, history, and stories about North Dakota's ghost towns and abandoned places.
Challenge your everyday life. This book is filled with 150+ challenges to get you motivated to get out there and explore your world.
A coloring book celebrating women in American political history -- from Patriots in Petticoats to Presidential Candidates
Discover the hidden and independent side of Tokyo’s art scene in this  book featuring more than 30 contemporary Japanese artists.
The Black Dawg is an illustrated poem about depression and hope written by Louis McIntosh and illustrated by Kathryn Hockey.
A collection of all 32 #inktober2016 paintings together in a softcover book, along with 3 exclusive extras!
MONSTER COLORING BOOK 32 pages of the raddest, baddest creatures, haunts and spooks for you to color and enjoy!
An entire generation in Cuban was taught atheism as part of the school curriculum. I want to know how they turned out.
A collection of Hollywood's most iconic Movie Posters- all repainted by hand and Zombified by Matt Busch for your viewing pleasure.
A large-format storybook written by Michael Friedlander and illustrated by Michael Ploog
The highly anticipated 2nd book in Mike Spatola's popular Monstrous Make-up Manual series, with tons more techniques and monsters!
Jonathan's art is captivating & together with his life story: it is triumphant! Every person is precious & has purpose. Never Give Up!
16 paintings on the human experience of life. The rewards are a beautifully book on the series, as well as originals and other objects.
An art book celebrating some of  the best patent drawings of the last 200 years, bringing to light some amazing line-art illustrations.
An elegantly curated four-volume hardcover book series featuring 126 artists from 16 countries. Provocative, sophisticated and fun.
A bestiary of mythical creatures by illustrator Marc Hodge in a style reminiscent of Rackham, Kaluta, Vess and Alan Lee.
Art and stars? Art and rock faults? Art and tides? Essays and images to launch a cool art/science gallery!
Rediscover over 35 of the original artists of Magic: The Gathering® reunited to create new paintings for this limited release art book.
An illustrated history of the tank over the last 100 years told through the paintings and drawings of the artist David Pentland
The history and evolution of the glass pipe and its artists.
“Imagining Shakespeare” shows a comprehensive look at all of the award-winning photography, design, and imaging work by Kevin for Shakespeare & CO.
An entirely hand drawn adult coloring book created by 2 internationally collected artists. With one of a kind whimsical illustrations.
En vacker presentbok i extra stort format om trädgårdsstadens unika kulturvärden. Enastående rikt bildmaterial!
The Book from another Planet.
A Dad creates art on his kids' lunch napkins over a decade. And turns them into a book.
An art book full of 365 glittering, pink, disturbing, happy, sad etc. drawings from a year in the life of the woman and artist, Pille.
ABC of Culebra is a photo book inspired by the Island of Culebra, composed of 52 photos showing the alphabet in English & Spanish.
An Original Steampunk Art and Coloring book for Airship Enthusiasts of all ages!
You become the artist by completing 18 fantastic, frame-ready drawings. Profits of this hardcover stay in each community where sold.
Let's reclaim ugly, derogatory words for the vagina by colouring them in and making them beautiful.
Reciprocal Encounter is a project that explores art and the senses through the approaches of nine artists and one emerging curator.
The Digital Mural Mapping Photobook is an in-depth visual documentation chronicling the history of the murals of Fresno County.
Stories about the old goats, donkeys, wandering fowl and one little pig that call Apifera Farm their last home. Here misfits are loved.
A beautiful coloring book for teens and adults, full of detailed, whimsical designs.
Art book on the contemporary British painter Fiona McIntyre with an interview by art historian Dr. Alan Wilkinson
Stylish and contemporary artbook - presenting Pixel Artwork with additional backgound information, stories and comments.
Paintings and Stories by the Artist, Scott Lewis, to be Published by Serious Ink Press
Diffusion is an independent, annual that highlights and celebrates unconventional photographic processes and photo related artwork.
A one-year subscription service for people who love to color, with highly detailed fantasy illustrations. PDF and hardcopy available!
Djoliba Crossing tells the story of an artist’s journey into the heart of West Africa to explore Mandé music and culture.
A 200+ page coil/spiral-bound book of simple, pose breakdowns for artists. All poses can be seen at posereference.tumblr.com
AN ILLUMINATION OF BLESSINGS is a unique visual interpretation of 36 universal blessings; an artistic legacy for generations to come.
e338 is an epic collection of personal work by master artist Loïc Zimmermann (VFX Concept Artist on Thor, Iron Man 3, True Grit & more)
World Class Artist Philo Barnhart (artist for Disney, Hanna Barbera, Secret of NIMH, Star Trek: The Motion Picture) shows his work.
Transports you to a real but enchanted world where a donkey has pie parties & an old barn speaks-reminding us to never stop dreaming.
A beautiful book with a collection of visual and interactive resources from Logos Bible Software.
An instructional book for anyone to connect with nature using 12 challenges, from professional artist, Lady Jill Mueller.
Weird & quirky illustrations take readers through a fart-filled journey of entertainingly funny, yet disgustingly relatable situations.
Issue III is FINALLY ready for print, and we need a little pre-order support to pay for the costs!
A collection of photographs from four years at St. John's College. The images portray the college campus and community in Annapolis.
A collection of erotic fictional accounts describing scandalous encounters with America's golden boy.
KATABASIS is a 9.25x11" 96 page hardcover art book based on my solo show at Last Rites Gallery in NYC opening April 19, 2014.
 We will be launching the book at MEGACON 2011. This project will help fund the production costs of the first issue. Thanks!
March 2nd marks the 10th anniversary from the first time I took a live music photo and I'd like to make a hardcover book.
Producing a photo and essay book on the experiences from spending 60 days in a rural village outside of Beijing.
A collection of all 31 narrative #inktober 2015 paintings featuring Bucky Barnes plus 4 brand new extras, together in a softcover book.
A 5x5 inch hardcover art book featuring 365 colored pages of people illustrations from each day of the year.
Jerry Wellman's highly illustrated book contains visual and written reflections that explore definitions of death and deathlessness.
A coffee table book of amazing photographs about the flavors and aromas that make wine magical. With wine recommendations and essays.
Feminine/Masculine Books is an edu-humor language series that teaches the grammatical genders of Italian, French and Spanish.
The Art of Mitch Foust 2014 Yearbook and the Kickstarter exclusive book Sovereign: A Book of Drawings. Prints and Original Art
well, I've reached that magical number of pictures, 347, to finally move forward with turning this little photo project into a book.
1st Edition: Jessica Lark's Artistic Seductions in a very limited addition Fine Art Coffee Table Book
A collection of over 180 tattoo line drawings by artist Sam Phillips bound as a ring-bound sketchbook on 60 A4 pages. On 170 gsm paper.
A limited edition print run of artwork and texts from our nearly 200 multimedia posts on www.certaincircuits.org.
#1 'Introduction' is the first issue of our unapologetic, bold publication that dismisses the majority and favours the other.
"Clearly" is a publication that will coincide with a show
It's a book to show why and how I work. It contains my art, surrounded by my notes, ideas and lamentations about this field and life.
Multi-media Collaborative Community Information Hub and Educational Tool with Printed Book, EBook, Workbook, Online Resource Directory
Art becomes a catalyst for inspiration and healing in this proposed book; an aesthetically beautiful, evocative and tender experience.
Its time for the next volume of Art Hog! Over 50 pages of Andrew Robinson art.
i made a bunch of pin-up girl drawings for a little artist book.  now i need money for supplies to publish a run of 200 zines.
Shanghai 24 is Camilo's first published photo book featuring his candid and colorful street photography.
I want to publish a book of my recent paintings depicting iconic  Philadelphian singers and musicians like The Roots, Teddy P.....
"The Established Transition of Spatial Tendencies." -->
a photography book documenting purposefully ephemeral art spaces.
Our goal is to bring back the culture and traditions of our Norse Ancestors
A non-traditional, long-distance collaboration through social media toward a non-traditional end.  Intellectual art AND tangible art!
A highly collectible, limited edition, handmade book showcasing the lucsious botanical art of master photographer Harold Davis
A culmination of stories from a Peace Corps Volunteer's experience with rural women's empowerment and leadership in Cuenca, Ecuador
An art book of pop culture parodies and mash ups, illustrated by Nik Holmes of ZombieDollar Creative.
anagnorisis is a 52-page softcover collection of my Marvel fanart from 2014-2016, including brand-new paintings exclusive to the book!
A "best of" collection from pop culture artist Jeff Victor
Since Aug. 2008, I sent free weekly uplifting emails, ArtFull Moments Messages. 100% my original work. Goal: Publish them in books.
The Dog Tags are witty military banter comics and good clean fun. Highlighting the US Armed Forces one funny moment at a time.
Hope Mountain is an alternative comics and art newspaper. We want to make larger full format books full of mind bending drippy art.
Visually and tactilely pleasing, this softcover collection of original drone photographs offers a fresh perspective of Durham, NC.
"Eleven Snows" is part photo book, part coffee table book, part mysterious fictional narrative. It will be self-published on blurb.com.
An art book showcasing cosplayers from across Ontario.
Not your average drawing guide, this book will reconnect you to your innate creativity and help you find your style.
We'll be releasing a book, which will document the excavation regarding 20 years of c-base history.
A 'black-book' presenting a visual journey through 25 years of sketching and pure dedication, providing insight in a personal approach.
A biannual, non-profit print publication on art, design & community action from cities that have been traditionally underexposed.
'The End.' is an artist's re-imagining of 10 popular Grimm fairy tales. Spoiler alert, they all die at the end.
I created 365 pieces of original art, gave them all away for free to anyone. This book will capture those pieces of art and experience.
A Sea Empress, a Crab King, an Evil Warlock, and a love lost and found all told with multiple printmaking and bookmaking techniques.
Change writing forever, starting at just a buck a word. A democratic book experiment.
I want to bring to you a quality, 256-page black & white hardback book containing many of my drawings over the last 40 years.
'Linus Cain' is a dark, humorous exploration of spirituality and society in the modern U.S.  Visions of dystopia, mythos, and chagrin.

Through the Flower: a new collaborative art journal of young women artists.
A book of jokes celebrating the humor and flavor of Mango Chutney
A book of 132 cartoons on various political, cultural, environmental and human rights issues–spanning 10/2011 through 05/2013.
This long anticipated, visually stunning art book spanning 13 years of work, captures a fearless generation of fashion, art and music.
A publication celebrating five years of Left After Dark. Relive the art, behind the scenes and opening nights.
A history of Camp Leelanau for Boys, the Leelanau Schools, and the Homestead in Glen Arbor from their beginnings around 1920 until 1963
10 darkly comic musical fables illustrated by 10 different artists from Los Angeles to Texas to North Carolina to Philadelphia.
Polyagonist makes people either joyous or dismayed with images of animals and objects in untenable positions. Let's put them in a book.
This colouring book will be full of quirky, hand drawn illustrations all with a mushroom theme.
A Coffee Table Book - Photo Portraits of Actors, Musicians, Artists and Models - in a Bathtub .
This special little trailer is all shined up and ready to begin the biggest journey of her life: from California to the South of France
140 page (limited edition) sketchbook featuring Brandt Peters' original drawings, toy designs, and concept sketches.
A book project by Point Zero Studio of original and appropriated images, limited edition.
A book about skateboarding and the creative paths it can lead to including, art, photography, music, and more
URGENT!!! PLEASE FORWARD TO THE FBI!!
"Hear Me Roar" All Female Exhibition Art Book with Artist Interviews & Illustrations.
A major American artists whose public murals funded by the New Deal are rich in political content and visually demanding.
We're creating a student-produced photography book showcasing people around our community smiling and telling us what makes the happy.
Photos spanning 17 years! You'll see artists at home, Havana in the rain, sincere faces, quiet places, reflecting one woman's story,
A year in the life of an artist with bipolar disorder: a psychological journey captured in 365 oil paintings, reproduced in an art book
We are two women street artists traveling to South America to document female street artists there through photography and interviews.
Imagine if holiday memories could exist outside of Facebook. Holiday Notes is an erratic travel guide, photo album & journal to enjoy.
An exciting new Art Book from Monte M. Moore, an award-winning artist for 20 years in the comics/gaming/pin-up and fantasy industries.
Written and Spoken art pieces authored by a Jazz Musician inspired by a lifetime of observations collected on Cocktail Napkins.
A special edition art book of portraits set in 24 hour establishments across the United States.
WAY OFF BROADWAY is a multimedia, collaborative book project exploring a seven mile stretch of road in Green Bay, WI called Broadway.
This is my first art book, I never made a cool book showcasing my different art styles, toys and fun things I create. This is the book!
MerkThose Debut Art Book "Work."
A self-published photographic fiction. My version of the Yearbook.
A colouring book for grown-ups featuring illustrations from ten artists and promoting mindfulness and creativity.
Need $ to publish art book at affordable price.
A funny adult coloring book that helps you deal with stress at work.
La Ostra Magazine is a staunchly print, non-profit literary arts magazine supporting & publishing writers, artists, & photographers.
This is a fine art book of short essays and photos of ocean waves taken from Block Island, Rhode Island, USA.
A book of illustration and poetry reflecting my life growing up from a young boy into a 22 year old woman.
This is a book compiled of sketches over the years of doodles and artwork by Kate Carleton from Naughty Bicycle.
My interest in Seattle street art has lead me to launch a book project to help preserve the aesthetic of work I photographed in 2012
I aim to capture the beauty of Israel as well as raise awareness on key issues that plague the country and blemish its name.
Professional Grade Coloring Books!
A collection of images by artist Nino Malong, portraying popular music, film, historical and TV icons from the 20th century and beyond.
Understanding common duaa's (supplications) so they become practical and meaningful. Creative word art provides unique insight.
A coloring book project featuring original art by Nicoshene Simpson.  The mission: to introduce her art to people around the globe.
A cross-cultural meeting between two little girls and the beautiful space of intersection that exists just for them
My interest in street art and graffiti has led me to launch a book series to help preserve urban art in Hawaii. Help create volume one!
A myriad of works of art and literature that leads one to the dynamics of imaginations; finding a twist in all right  places.
This is Oakland: A Guide to the City's Most Interesting Places is a beautiful, inspiring guide to the city we call home.  Take a peek!
Most photography books are arty and poignant. I'm making one to make you laugh, cringe and boggle in equal measures.
Dozens of dogs--portrayed in lively watercolors--share their irreverent opinions in sassy haiku.
World famous Zombie Portrait artist Rob Sacchetto creates an adult coloring book, perfect for those looking for something different.
A travelogue and guide of our adventure leaving our jobs to explore the landscape of Mexico, Central America, and our selves.
It's the reason that print's not dead. Part pop culture mag, part rock art carnival, part comic book, and all irreverent fun. BEST MAG EVER… PERIOD!
"The Pollinator's Corridor" is a graphic novel about three gardeners who attempt to convince bees and butterflies to cross the Bronx.
It's packed full of playful illustrations and naughty innuendos. Every page has a unique hunk with a saucy caption for you to color.
Leaf Litter is a full-color catalog, featuring the 2011 Signal Fire artists-in-residence.
A journal of 2,000 kilometers by bicycle to the foothills of the French Alps to knock at the door of the once owner of my 1967 Peugeot
A book of art & essays that relate to the theme of the womb and its association with the bridal veil in LDS culture.
This book is about the experiences we had on the tour. Each scene is complemented with the day between 1 and 169, the city and story.
My interest in Seattle street art has led me to launch volume three of
a book project to help preserve the aesthetic of urban art.
Coffee table book featuring the AKC's 170+ dog breeds, purebred and rescued dog of each breed, living in the San Francisco Bay Area.
Help publish a fully illustrated comprehensive color art book about the history of the space art movement titled "The Beauty of Space".
Really, is there anything better then drawing, coloring & dinosaurs?  A coloring book is what we all need to do so.
Help Alaskan artist and writer Ray Bonnell produce a guide to over 50 historic sites in Interior Alaska
A visual journal from a creative studio based in sunny Saltaire.
First Features include 
Yorkshire | Katrina | Ceramics
HEADS & SHOULDERS: A hardback collection of caricatures and tutorials from Paul Moyse. Foreword by Derren Brown.
A playful and intimate look into the artwork of David Van Drunen; exploring Perseverance, Relationships & Legacy.
A showcase of illustration from the years 2012-13! This is my first printed book, and hopefully first of a yearly anthology.
I want to collect ideas for an illustrated e-book all about the things you wish you had been taught in high school.
Publishing a book about generosity and community within book arts, as well as putting together a wall installation for my thesis show.
Peter is putting over 80 of his pieces of art (which he affectionately calls doodles) in one place for you: Line of Thought
Old Salty Dog is a Rhode Island folk tale about a Quahogger who encounters the Sea Monsters of legend in his quest for clams.
An art record of a courageous woman prevailing over a slow internal combustion that bursts into flames and threatens to destroy her.
Un livre et un documentaire seront publiés pour célébrer les 20 ans de Carol Prieur au sein de la Compagnie Marie Chouinard.
Collage fantasies are on the loose again – this time going global!
Bedbug's Book of Wisdom: a 40 page hardback featuring cartoons from my daily online comic as well as never seen before cartoons
Faces New York is a series of drawings and paintings from the subways of New York all in full color.
Do you feel weird? Me too. Would you rather laugh than cry about it? Then this is the perfect book for you.
Everybody is talking about their favorite legendary and beloved monsters because it is almost Halloween. Get this sketchbook.
The April 21st Project is reaching out to 21 LGBT members in 21 different  locations across the U.S. with the use of photo voice.
The Ghastlycrud Zombies is a delightful mix of children's book & grisly zombie film. You'll laugh - your children will have nightmares!
This captivating book combines timeless quotes forged through the intensity of Ironman racing with enduring photos from nature.
This book is a compilation of photography and typography, exploring and exhibiting the natural beauty of Lake Forest, Illinois.
A photo book by RIT senior Ashley McQuaid, dedicated to the influences that have shaped her over the last four years.
Emily Johns & Milan Rai break through propaganda on the Iran crisis to create a book of stunning anti-war art and eye-opening analysis.
By printing Powderhorn365's books locally and affordably, the project will be able to cut the cost of our books in half!
Photographer Kimberly Peck wants to create her new book: Farm, Food, Life...Photographs & Recipes Inspired by Local Farms
2 California Gooners, husband/wife, creating an art/design book about the experience of driving 6000 miles to see Arsenal FC in NYC.
A new art book by Andrew Robinson is looming. We're looking for a little help to get the ball rolling.
I plan to have 200 exclusive copies of Pardon my Dust at San Diego's Comic Con in July, need funding to print this short run.
Groundwriting uses sacred chalk to write symbols that represent cosmic phenomena or invoke communication between humans and divinities.
COLORAMA is the coloring book for adults, anime and manga fans! Each page has detailed artwork that is sure to challenge your coloring!
This is much more than a coffee table picture book, it is a testament to Peckham's history and culture.
Lavishly illustrated throughout by Paul Kidby: hardback 80 page book of faerie & folklore art, printed in full colour, 29.7cm x 22cm.
Penises are everywhere! "Women* Draw Penises" reverses the male gaze to cast a creative and critical eye on the venerated organ.
Help me harvest saffron this October in Macedonia to create a book that includes local Macedonian recipes, watercolors, and essays.
One Day I'll Wear a White Hat is a series of whimsical yet defiant paintings that tell a tale of triumph: from cancer back to health!
This poem zine is mostly colored pencil and marker. Its quite personal and hopefully comes across as genuine.
An illustrated tribute to skateboarding icons Neil Blender and Lance Mountain.
Nance McManus is self publishing a limited edition book, only  200 copies, featuring her pastel paintings of birds.
Your childhood monsters have something to say to you. This unique book filled with art and dark fairytales will reveal all...
The last 12 months of Jason Lenox's  Violent, Sexy & Exotic Freelance Work (2011-2012)- ...all in one awesome book for you to enjoy!
April Skies is a collection of air and space photos taken during April 2013 in Australia and North America by Jeanette and David.
Docking the Art Dockuments will publish the funny,tragic & wise tales of the drive-by Art Gallery, an LA alternative space 1981-1986
The holidays are coming! We're about to be overrun by elves. This invasive species needs to be stopped...and we can show you how!
Life & Afterlife — Conversations with Andy, will be a book illustrated with photos, movie freeze-frames, & notes written at his grave.
Poet and painter Belinda Rogers gathers her recent works for the gentle world of "Cloud and Seed".  120 pages in full colour
I'm publishing a unique picture-book for adults. The book looks with fresh eyes at our pursuit of well-being.
Operation Thailand: A Visual Experience of Wildlife Conservation. A bound collection of my exotic adventures with a volunteer project!
an alternative approach to standard magazine reading. a photo book based on abstract concepts, read as a collective piece of art
Help turn my senior thesis--short fiction and collage about boredom and the post office--into a hand-bound artist book.
A 1st issue with stories on Washington's American Alps Traverse, Pickets Traverse and North Despair as well as 100's of images .
art print book featuring fifty polar bear rhymes with illustrations.
French intrigue, mod spy, comic book
This book documents the complete works of 'simian' - an online flash narrative from the late 90s.
bearbook : issue one is an art collaboration quarterly in the form of a zine that brings artists together around the theme "teeth"!
Loosey Goosey is an ART ZINE that is here to give all artists a chance to  publish their work.
A large format photographic book exploring urban landscape and the composition of materials used in architecture in Japan.
I'm birthing a Koloring Book!  This is a coloring book of meditattive mandalas for your coloring pleasure.
"A Fluid Tradition: Northwest Watercolor Society… The First 75 Years." Published by Northwest Watercolor Society
A collaborative catalog merging the creative output of Tyler School of Art's Studio MFA's with Art History's graduate level inquiry.
A photographic merry-go-round of 8 people traveling 3,000 miles for 18 days in 1 van to make 1 book
Portraits and 40 mothers' moving, personal stories provide an honest look at the highs and lows of the motherhood experience.
NW Cosplay is a photography book that showcases cosplay as an art. The book will be 70-100 pages and premier at Sakura Con 2013.
A publication documenting performances and discussions from artists on the changing use and roles of exhibition photography
Read about African life in a different way and be a part of the story!
The Postpunk Project is a collaborative endeavor to create a well curated, high quality art book on the 80s postpunk and goth movement.
Hidden love still exists. Collaborators Hayley Heaton and Jen Sorensen seek "Proof" in this collection of heartbroken haiku.
A photographic book project by Myra Greene which explores the challenges of describing whiteness and assumptions about social circles.
All of your favourite games have a strategy guide - why shouldn't life?
This project sprung from a joking comment that all adoptees are given a book of fellow adoptees at birth, and genuine interest grew.
An original art anthology in homage to Shōjo, showcasing a diverse group of over twenty artists!
The Art of Mitch Foust  2015 Yearbook is a collection of artwork
produced in the last year.
Artist Kathleen Richert will document a month-long artist residency in her car from the Heartland to the Left Coast in a visual journal
Attention Madonna, Art & Tattoo lovers!
There is a book that needs to be out w your help!
1st of it's kind for the Rebel Heart in u!
The internationally acclaimed literary salon, Naked Girls Reading is giving away a cash prize for "Gut Level" writing.
A book about listening, editing the everyday, and the potential of the personal when creating works with sound
It's time to buckle down, hide out, and get the script for my illustrated novel completed. Just gotta get myself to Texas...
A collaborative visual art book inspired by a search for home, following two artists through Europe and Jordan.
A limited-edition hardcover book, full of artful and unorthodox bird photography and words. Also: new music. Art! Birds! Words! Hello!
OSS is publishing a catalog of our one-year artist residency project, with images of our exhibitions, profiles of the artists, essays.
This is the story of Diotima, the princess who turned into a sphinx! ...An original, uniquely illustrated fairy tale by Whitney Sparks.
EASY ( Is Making ) PLANS.
A book consisting of 600+ punk and hardcore show flyers from the 80's.  Mostly east coast shows.
A meditation book composed of Sacred Geometry art paired with abstract metaphysical poetry- self-published! Preorder now!
Read the stories behind the history, beauty, and people of Marine Corps Base Hawaii and the Mōkapu Peninsula.
Idrawalot Book Series will be a collection/anthology of drawings over 4 years in 4 books - one for each year.
A beautifully designed, laugh out loud parody ABC photo book showcasing the Best of British.
Making a small photobook containing all the pictures I've taken of my scale figures and nendoroids!
A collaboration between Bootstrap Press and Frank Casazza to create an innovative art book in an edition of 1,000 copies.
A sketchbook collection of all NEW Clown Characters from the artist behind "Killer Klowns from Outer Space"
The closest you can get to mythological bird-watching.
A photoessay book about managing, & living well with, bipolar disorder.
Rich Off My Doodles is an 80+ pg, black and white, graphic novel about being in love at all costs.
A modern illuminated manuscript based on one of the most important books in history.
The Hunt is a Monster Hunter inspired handbook that you can slide into your back pocket. It has all the information for all your hunts!
The eight of us, 2012 MFA Book Arts/Printmaking candidates, are making a catalog for our thesis exhibition as a take away.
I'm very pleased to report that we've reached our target: thank you. Any additional funds pledged will help support future ELG events
A special print-only magazine featuring manga and articles presented by the online freelance manga artists of DREAM Manga Magazine.
The second and much expanded edition of Real to Surreal  is ready to go to press.  There are 160 black and white photographs.
Art magazine with rare Art Nouveau and German Cabaret and contemporary artists including Gail Potocki and Catherine Martin.
This book honour's Trevor Corser's memory, especially his life and work as a potter at the Leach Pottery in St Ives, Cornwall.
hi im Vinh Nguyen im a artist disability have i want to make a art books.
A publication seeking to awaken understanding of the human experience by returning to our magical roots through art and writing.
Oberlin's Art Students Committee and Wilder Voice Press present the 2012-2013 Senior Studio & Thesis Catalogue.
A limited edition photo publication documenting the work of five emerging photographers.
Kickstarter Campaign for the The Art of Mitch Foust 2016 Yearbook. Rewards include Books, Artwork, Commissions and Prints.
A sometimes-sinister collection of fairy tales retold, just waiting to be published!
The short story of a Rabbit who comes across a small cabin in the woods.
Tyson McAdoo's newest hard cover art book. 96 pages of unbridled lust, temptation and seduction.
Blurring mediums & genres, words blend with shapes to create bold black & white pages that interact & evolve. Self-published art/lit.
The signed, evocotive First Edition coffee table book including three bodies of work and my personal story of tragedy to triumph.
Presenting a full-color illustrated book on the life of Our Most Holy Patriarch St. Benedict.
Something touches you on the neck, you turn, but there is nothing there. Who left the cabinet doors open? WHERE IS THE REMOTE?
This is a fully illustrated book that serves as an appropriate gift to someone who is grieving.
Altered Esthetics is putting together a beautifully designed calendar of artists & artwork for our 2013 exhibition year.
An interactive book, " Art of the Accompanist" is a guide to the mysteries of playing for singers for the jazz/cabaret pianist.
Fetch is the story of where dogs come from. Hollywood VFX Artist and Theme Park Designer team up to bring you one amazing book.
Billboard Bandits dives deep within graffiti and street arts subcultures and their fascination with conquering the billboard.
Join us in publishing a full-color, hardcover limited edition book presenting the work of visionary artist Michael Divine.
100 Original Poems. 100 Pieces of Art inspired by those Poems.  
Created by 100 Friends. Collected into 1 Coffee Table Art Book.
I am raising money for a nationwide book tour to bring these personal essays by 40 amazing artists to your community!
Publication of 113 Arthur Secunda original monotype images, illustrating the Old Testament with commentary by Rabbi Eskenazi.
"The Egg Suite" (for piano) is ready to be printed in physical form: a 23-page music book w/ original artwork and composer's notes!
"Pink Hair Girls" is the new themed art book from Mike "Zatransis" Henry.
THE EXPERIENCE OF GREEN is a 3,000 sqft. art installation at the Dumbo Arts Center in Brooklyn, NY (until 11/29/09). Help us preserve it in print!
From the funny, sad, or heart-warming, this book chronicles the power of words and their connection to us all. Occupy the view finder!
a delicious physical pocket guide / coffee table booklette of painted solar system objects
ORCS is a 5.5 x 7.5", 40 page, full color art book devoted completely to orcs!
Picturing Hope is a project aimed at publishing a book of photography generated by youth in and around Nablus, Palestine.
A self-published zine and creative platform used to promote the work of female artists.
COVERED 10.5 x 10.5 Case Bound Coffee-table Book; an evolution of hand painted Body Art images of models from events and photo shoots.
Examining history and future of doing less in Art, Design and Architecture.
A new photographic publication based in the Manchester, hosting a range of both established and up coming artists in the North.
Weather-Eye is a collaborative book of poems, drawings and paintings by two brothers exploring the bays and beaches of Long Island.
This is the second volume of my art book. This book will contain over 70 new images. This will be my first hardback book.
The subject is demons. The theme is art nouveau. The result will be a magnificent collection of folklore and romance.
Limited Edition Full color art book 7"x7", 64 pages, featuring reproductions of some of my zombie artwork, 2009-2012.
Photography featuring local items of interest, and letters from independently owned businesses around Athens, in alphabetic order.
Publish the first-ever hardcover book with more than 250 pages of artwork by Eric Canete.
Gathering Vol 1 debuted in July to much praise. We're looking to use Kickstarter to help fund the next few issues of the ongoing series
Come join me on a photo book adventure... The Pacific Northwest, Captured.
Every year I do a sketch a night for 42 nights and post them online. This year the sketches get microstories and a book.
Marvel and Star Wars licensed artists, Jason Sobol and Bukshot deliver a 40 page book showcasing the real American Hero.
The book, "Legal!", is the images and words of at-risk kids in Brazil as they make public art mosaics on the walls of their communities
A beautiful, informative and inspiring full color photo book of original ethnic influenced quilts and inspirational verses.
TECHNICOLOR is an all new full color 70+ page Art/Sketch Book from Atlanta based sequential illustrator Hoyt Silva
A beautiful handmade book of Pandoric puzzle designs.
Illuminated artwork, parchment & vellum overlays
Art photography book of UNMATA symbol tattoos from dancers and friends, worldwide.
An encouraging, vibrant, SUPER honest, COLORFUL book to inspire tweens, teens [and women of all ages]!
Dan Allen was an artist who took his life in 1974. 40 years later a museum discovered one of his paintings. This is his life story.
A limited-edition fine-art hardcover picture book, signed and numbered. Also: four new songs by Jack Breakfast. High Art! Birds! Hello!
A gorgeous multimedia catalogue (print/iPad) of a great collection of historical musical instruments from the 17th and 18th centuries.
Glasshouse, a companion to the Proposition for an Infinite Garden
GERMINATION will show you how to playfully unfold the path to yourself.  It is the second book in a series of eight.
Monkeys, Motorcycles, Strangers over coffee. Self-publishing a book of drawings from my upcoming trip to Thailand.
Le succès de l'Expo Contre Attaque ! motive notre équipe (Matthieu, Camille et Jean-Baptiste) a éditer son premier livre d'exposition.
A hand-bound, hand printed, letterpress workbook full of fun visual exercises and tools to help you learn to think creatively!
We need your support in order to publish 50 color images of artworks in an anthology of Southeast Asian Women in the Diaspora.
School-in-a-box? Franchised toilets? Four organizations improving lives of urban Kenyans through business innovation.
ORIGINS is an artistic and architectural sampling of my hand drawn graphics of homes I have designed through the years.
No More Rockstars is an exhibition highlighting artists assistants opening in January that needs a publication to accompany the show!
Piper Stone the handicapped rescue dog will entertain you with her art, big personality, humorous photos, and ideas about life!
I want to bring to you a quality 336 page full color hardback book containing most of my painted and drawn art over the last 40 years.
Eyes are the window to the soul. This group of work is about presenting 100 of them.
100 drawings capturing the essence of 100 souls.
Help me to publish a catalog for my first solo museum exhibition in 2012!
A coffee-table book that shares food histories from Lifting Voices kids. We're a nonprofit. We believe all kids have something to say.
Help us transform adult coloring books from fun pastimes to family heirlooms, cherished for generations.
Animal Crackers is a mix of art and poetry,created to show what would happen if nature had the power to do to us what we're doing to it
The total beginner's guide to the dark arts. Curses, spells, demonic relics and more.
The artists of "The Greatest Live Art Competition in the Known Universe" have come together to produce a collaborative book of art.
My Gaia Paintings are an expression of love for our planet and a desire to learn about and portray many aspects of the Earth.
Big Ass Rainbow is a collection of illustrations that take place in an alternate universe. A universe of butts.
Imagination and Education come together! Art lessons designed for any teacher, in a home school environment, as well as a great a gift!
A book of prose, poetry, fiction, biography and multimedia: this is a book of narratives based upon life within the punk subculture.
Transmission is a free, independently published magazine with a focus on art in the outskirts of fashion.
An in-depth look at 6 designer headphones with illustrations, headphone discussion with 9 different Namco sound engineers, and more.
A catalogue highlighting the paintings and works on paper, lithographs and screen prints of Franz Kempf AM from 1947-present.
The iLL-informed Annual is a compendium of the years exciting & diverse student-led illustration activities at the Royal College of Art
Get a signed limited-edition copy of oil painter Terry Strickland’s first art book. Would you dare reveal your alter ego?
Dozens of Tampa Bay visual artists and authors come together to create this incredible poetry project - based on a 1920s era surrealist parlor game
Explore the meaning and joy of life with 100 fellow & famous atheists in this book of photos and commentary.
64 pages -- 9 different artists. This is the tenth full length issue by of Straw man by artist David Branstetter.
A digital book that uses multi-media, philosophy, and ecology to explore an artistic rendering of native Florida for its 500th year.
I hope to present my accepted paper at the Sixth International Conference on The Image in Berkeley, CA in October 2015.
Random Thoughts of a Bored Artist 2 is the second art book from the popular 'Painting-a-Day' blog, this time printed in full colour.
a limited edition, full-color, offset printed catalogue for the Black Thorns in the White Cube gallery exhibition
Support a Newsprint Tabloid / Art Piece - an open edition free paper about the material culture of the Bhagwan Shree Rajneesh Movement.
A collection of art by John Herzog.
60 Champions of Diversity. 6 Days of Photography. Countless Itineraries. A 260 Page Portrait Book that Celebrates Diversity
I'm hoping to fund the publishing of a graphical guide to 100+ hand illustrations of bicycle dropouts from ~1930-1990 in B&W
Beautiful work by Maya artists, photographers, film-makers and musicians portraying the contemporary Maya culture...at your fingertips!
America's oldest continuously operating big top circus, documented through five years of insider photographs.
Stunning artwork - Castilion characters come alive! Learn how to create these portraits.
The launch of Ware Magazine and the highly anticipated premier installment, "The Creator's Issue."
Los Angeles Graffiti Art from 1989-1994 documented through never-before-published candid interviews, photography and artwork.
A photo-typography book: LOVE graphically spelled 80 times with bits of my favorite things, plus a witty love story for each.
A book that lies somewhere between a children's storybook, an historical primer, a surreal fairy tale, and an intro to werewolves.
Small businesses are integral to our communities. This book chronicles a one year art adventure with 52 small businesses.
A project to fund a hardcover book of our letters to Hillary Clinton. Proceeds will go to Planned Parenthood.
Fancy, vibrant 100-page hardcover collection of CARTOON FOOD ART.
Do you remember your first celebrity crush? The excitement, the confusion? Well, it's about to become a pop up book!
An amazing collection of delicate paper-cut artworks, all combined in an exceptional, neat book. A colourful story in black and white.
Just because you’re undead doesn’t mean you can’t eat like a king.
A three year journey to share the stories of modern tomboys from all 50 states is ready to be published. Please support and share.
“Scrapbook of the Sixties” is a collection of published and unpublished texts by Jonas Mekas, film-maker and writer in New York.
Louffa Press is a publisher of handmade chapbooks; help Louffa grow in 2015, beginning with the new Erika Anderson book and beyond!
À La Cart is a photographic series of meals which have been prepared using discarded shopping lists found in supermarkets
A lovely book showcasing the tshirts, designers and websites in the world of daily shirt sales.
Un beau livre sur le Patrimoine et l'Exploration Urbaine. Photos d'époque, actuelles, et Histoire de ces lieux hors du commun.
"Ogri - Now to Make My Getaway"
The complete compendium of Ogri strip cartoons, 1972-2014, plus extra material.
An English edition book on Polish heraldry with great artwork
The book tells a story of discovery of a rich and beautiful African intellectual culture that remains largely unknown in the West.
An e-Book of 110 photographs on Pier 34 lost artworks. Un e-book de 110 fotografías de los trabajos artísticos del Pier 34 de NY
Full-color edition of 300 offers a look at LA><ART’s experimental exhibitions and programs since 2006
Outpost is an annual, non-profit print publication on art and arts-based activism from traditionally underexposed cities.
LOVF New York: Destination Crisis is a full-color 32-page excerpt from the sketchbook of Jesse Reklaw.
Help our community make an all ages colouring book that everyone can enjoy! Because everyone is an artist and Making Art Matters!
An exhibition book featuring artworks of WITCHES and SATAN from 1870-2011!
Little Door Collective has made a colouring book for grown ups and needs your help to finish it off!
I want to put together a new sketchbook to offer people at Conventions and Online... Your help will make that happen!
12x12 Lg book of images & quotes to the question what concept would you bring to a new world to better humanity. Its about community.
Copilot Press is publishing as an arts practice. Each book is a collaboration between content and designer.
My book is a hand-written and designed collection of favorite facts/quotes/ideas that have moved me and will certainly move readers.
Our periodical brings together established and emerging artists exploring the relationship between the visual and verbal.
My Dust is My Nature is a handmade letterpress book of poetical savory affirmations -- locally-made and beautiful to behold.
In 1898, Hearst cartoonist Homer Davenport published a collection of his work. This edition looks at the people and issues behind them.
A short pocket sized photo zine
Toonbox Studio presents the great girls-artbook by Otto Schmidt
The definitive guide to grins of doom, menacing fluff & other terrors lurking on the dark side of plush, from Beastmaster biggerKrissy.
The mysteries of the deep explored by thirty-three artists from around the world all put into a full color 6x6 book.
An e-book of humorous travel stories, childhood experiences in Haight-Asbury and adventures of the gypsy musician life with songs.
David Brehmer and Jeannine Chappell detail their separate, but parallel, journeys following a life-altering collision.
A popular film website's user-generated content advisory was used as a basis to create funny one-page synopses for 55 classic films.
A modern day grimoire of demons most foul. 136 pages of art and poetry sure to drive the reader to the brink of insanity.
Inspirational art and essays celebrate nature and art as the spiritual connection we all have.
Feral Mag is a London based platform on which artists, makers, and creators are showcased aiming to ignite a positive art movement.
I'm designing and publishing a small booklet of my abstract photographs using a risograph.
Our NEW solar system expands beyond familiar planets to far-out new discoveries named for creator gods from global cultures. Come play!
We need your help to print our fourth chapbook, “& Parts,” by Philadelphia poet Amelia Bentley.
Celebrate Oakland architectural treasures with this unique portfolio of words and images, a tribute to Oakland's 160th Birthday.
Lizards & Turtles & Frogs! Oh my! Let's print Doodle Art to Color: Amphibians & Reptiles, an intermediate coloring book for all ages.
A collaboration of 50+ full color pages of Christ inspired art created by 20+ Christian artists from today's art and pop culture scene!
Spidey Circus dreamscapes in #2 pencil for people who like creepy and pretty.
A book of poetry, prose & art written by H.O. Al Jamal, illust. by Kristina Collantes, self-published in collabo with Folktale Records.
Help us print a set of 9 beginning readers with cool art for kids! Get your own set of books and fine art prints too!
A collaboration with 8 international illustrators to make an graphic version of the underground book "the luci.a variations."
A look into drawing dragons and other creatures, as well as a collection of art and creature concepts.
The Absinthe Dress, a short story of jealousy weaved into proper beauty between sisters who wear the color of their vices.
The Bourgeon Book will include 40 articles by artists about their work, a snapshot into the artwork and lives of working artists today.
Coffee table book showing textures from around the world and challenging people to think about the world in a new way.
A special edition book featuring the works of the local and global artists who have colored the walls of the HOPE Outdoor Gallery.
Book & Prints of unique HIGHLY DETAILED clockwork animals in pen & ink! Includes step by step process!
A pre-sale of the fine art photography book "The McCloud River Project" by John Rickard and Modernbook.
Anthology Cafe Racer Anthology and Art Book.
Support this vital exploration of island paradigms -- I self-financed the first 8 islands, but now I need your help for Island Number 9
Please support my lyrical picture book of animals that nourish the Fog.
Danny is making a magical book that offers people hope, inspiration, & encouragement. Pledge support and claim your copy of this book!
An art photography book about beauty of women of all shapes and sizes. This is a book about confidence.
Retrash is a book that inspires creativity and imagination through stories of upcycling, recycling and living sustainably.
A book on order and complexity in architecture in Buenos Aires, explored through artwork and writing.
My interest in street art and graffiti has led me to launch a book project to help preserve the aesthetic of urban art in Portland, OR.
HOAX is a free, non-profit, artist-run journal dedicated to publishing creative works incorporating text.
I set up a studio offstage in an opera house and invited the artists to pose for me in full costume and makeup and in character.
"Can't Grow Up!" is a zine that showcases a handful of artists that are involved in skate culture. The zine will be FREE!
A collection of observations, conversations and influences of an artistic exploration that began with a bicycle tour from CA - AK.
Wonderlace is a collection of 13 original knitwear designs concentrating on lace projects with beautiful photographs and charts.
A collaborative book project created by a group of middle school students and a matching number of local artists.
A collection of colorful scratchboard drawings, stories of good dogs and the good people who rescue them, published in book form.
Italian born illustrator Matteo Scalera is publishing his first US artbook and needs your help!
My interest in street art and graffiti has led me to launch a book project to help preserve the aesthetic of urban art in Seoul.
Three fairy tales re-imagined, three storytellers, 50 photographs, one photographer, one art exhibit, and one 75-page Book of Tales.
A picture is worth a 1000 words. I need funding for 24 black and whites .Unanimously approved book contract U. of Wisconsin
The Filterbook is created to boost your muse by 12 swiss contemporary artists. Inhale Art - Exhale Peace.
Why is a Tiger a Tiger? A Bestiary of Etymology  is a book featuring the stories of 60+ animals' names with paper cut illustrations.
Publication including creative and academic texts from 18 authors and 2 editors demonstrating the potential of curatorial practices.
"A Jar." (It's a double entendre, lol.) It's the compiled wisdom from a young female bohemian thespian developing conscious expression.
Across the month of October, Richard Pace created 31 darkly erotic pen and ink drawings worthy of being collected into a book.
Help us bring "More Love to More People" as we create a fine art photo book featuring real LGBT couples and families across America.
Passion for Place: Community Reflections on the Carmel River Watershed is a bioregional book with a global vision.
Art Jewelry Forum is seeking support for their next publication, Shows & Tales.
"The Dishwasher" tells the story of a depressed dishwasher, who struggles with his place in the world and his own self worth.
This book explores how Matisse used both photography and African art to  refigure the European tradition of the nude.
The Humans of Nelson BC project by photographer Ryan Oakley makes the leap from screen to print.
A  70 page  full color book filled with both digital and traditional art pieces that show a journey through brain cancer. 
183 ink "sketches" in 365 days, this book features studio and live studies completed during my last year living in China.
Treasures Untold will showcase 90+ color images of landscapes across Tennessee by master nature photographer Byron Jorjorian
Open to Interpretation brings together photographers, writers and poets in a one-of-a-kind book project.
A stunning book showing the images and stories within this community textile project.
Carpe Noctem: Black & White in Color #1 has 20+ illustrations of dark legends in a fine art Halloween coloring book for adults
Fake A$$ Rappers is a 44 page art book by Kpolly, an artist/illustrator from Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
Matteo Scalera's newest hard cover art book. 76 pages of new material! Limited to 1000 copies, each book will come signed & #'d.
The literally delicious collection of art and stuff by Cam Kendell
A collection of illustrations exploring the out of body self.
A collection of images of well-known dolls organized as fashion magazine editorials, all captured and processed with an iPhone 4S
'Red, Yellow and Blue' is a photography project taking place in Children Education Centre in Huaraz Peru during Easter 2015.
An art book documenting high-profile Los Angeles court cases, including O. J. Simpson, the Night Stalker, Snoop Dogg and many more.
What was on televison short cut - now as a book uncut! 
World famous artists talking about art, live and work.
A New Book "THE DRAWINGS OF BOB PEAK" with never before seen Drawings from the Legendary Master of Movie and Illustration Art Bob Peak.
Notes From London: Above & Below is an unusual collection of factual and mostly fantastical illustrations inspired by my UK travels.
A book of Africa's people, landscapes and beauty. All profits go to building a new school in isolated village of Nyachikadza Malawi .
Be mesmerized by line, shape & geometry in the beautiful photos of this book on polyhedra. Look, read & experience the fun of learning!
I'm creating a colouring book with 20 unique images on high quality paper, titled "Wildest Dreams". Funds raised will go to printing.
A highly opinionated hybrid non-fiction/photography book about the desert, creating the Hayduke Trail, and my relationship with both.
We want to create a book of Tongan Legends and art work in both the Tongan and English language to preserve culture in and out of Tonga
The Diagram Decades of the New York City Subway Map (covering 1958 to 79): a trilogy of fully researched and richly illustrated books.
ABC BOX ONE is a traveling curated box of artist's books by members of [ABC] artist's books cooperative.
An exciting colorful book which chronicles and documents the planning, design, building and completion of a unique classy cob house!
A monograph detailing the life/work of artist, David (Jamakin' Dave) Henderson, from the badlands of WY to the streets of Portland, ME
A collaborative book of visual art and poetry 
to be published in 2013
This book contains stories/articles, games, pics, reviews & more. It has many different "random" contributors & you can be part of it!!
All the 60 examples of the original fifteenth century Persian medallion carpets which still exist need to be seen in colour in one book
Forging steampunk and avant-garde knitting into an inspiration for others to spin their own visions of a past that never was.
Welcome to a poignant story of honesty, tragedy, and adventure. A homeless veteran documents life with his animal companions.
A colouring book for adults with a hot air ballon theme, with designs from around the world, through the galaxy, and across time.
An exploration of body confidence: 100 (tasteful) Nudes photographed in all their glory.
Mauritian Pavilion Commissioner pARTage with Curators Olga Jürgenson and Alfredo Cramerotti Present 14 International Artists
Photographer Pablo Corral Vega, a contributor to National Geographic, will publish an inspiring new book on wild gardens of Ecuador
Designing the Future is an Architecture Magazine for art and design lovers, architecture students and architects.
A 40 page art book that surveys my art work over the last 10 years.
Support the first-ever "Mauve? Journal" by the mauve? Gallery!
An art book containing selected pieces from my ten years of cartooning and illustration work.
Learn how you can transition into living the life that you want to live with the ultimate guide "How to Make Your Dreams Come True"
Help Print The Full Color Artbook - Psychedelic Rainbow. Featuring 50+ artworks from Emperpep. A colorful and imaginative collection.
A book featuring women photographed in rivers across the US, and the unfoldings of the artist who gave it all up, to capture them.
An illustrated field guide to dragons from smallest to largest by artist Jessica Feinberg. Over 100 dragons included!
This book compiles the best of Beth Lilly's ongoing cell phone camera art project where she trades photos for secret questions.
We're so grateful to all those supporting our project to reprint Mum's book. You have all been so generous.  Kia Ora!
"Who's Behind the Fairy Doors?"  sold out and there has been demand to reprint, so I am enlisting you to help me do so.
A comprehensive book on the artist John Connell will be published in Spring, 2014 by Radius Books.
10 months. 12 cities. 1,000 + cosplayers. A behind-the-scenes look at cosplay in America.
A large art book by Thomas Knights containing sunning portraits and personal quotes of "the 100 sexiest RED HOT guys in the world"
Creator of the devilish book, Lucha Diabolica, has now seen the Light and seeks redemption through her new work: The Holy Booble
Circle Books is an arts and culture publishing company combining carefully selected content, elegant design and high production values.
A gorgeous, complex coloring book... for grown-ups! The intricate pen and ink artwork of Ellen Million. Color at your own risk.
A big book full of spectacular artwork from the greatest games machines ever to grace the floor of your favourite arcade!
A supercharged sketchbook designed to help you add the "spark" of life and personality to your characters. Includes ebook.
A beautiful book of vaginas drawn by gay men, available only through this Kickstarter.
Really super awesome coloring book of original designs made by me! Mixture of mandalas and geometric patterns.
BEAUTY TODAY: SECOND BASE is a printed magazine for the contemporary libertine, presenting nude photography, illustrations and writing.
a curated selection of photos submitted to the #ifuckinglovemydog hashtag on Instagram.
Six days. Six cities. Over one thousand vulnerable children. Help us share the photographic and narrative stories of Ugandan orphans.
A fine-art book featuring non-models photographed in their homes sharing their personal spaces and unique beauty. thenuproject.com
I started working on this Feb 2012. My goal is to put out hardcover book of dark graphic sexual self portraits combined with my poetry
Draw it Out is a collection of illustrative thoughts taken from the sketchbooks of breast cancer survivor Emily-Kate Niskey.
As.iZ magazine is a quarterly magazine showcasing emerging artists and writers alike, support the arts and futures of young artists!
Exhibition catalog of CSC’s safer sex poster collection created during the height of the AIDS epidemic for LGBT community education.
Devvo has written and illustrated his very first book. 'It's amazing! The perfect toilet read. Funny pictures and funnier stories'
Beautiful illustrations for an adult colouring different to the rest! Explore and indulge while you relax.
This student-run publication works hard to display the dedication and drive of all Edinboro University photographers.
ASK4Art Activity Book with video guides for people with Developmental Disabilities & those closest to them!
chum is a literary magazine that publishes fiction and essays on subjects of immediate relevance to the collective unconscious.
Private Bodies is an art photography project that documents people from all walks of life, naked in their own homes.
Pre-order and make possible my first art book!
Paintguide is making a beautiful 200 page, hard cover book with 60 incredible artists from around the world, and we need your help!
Designers edition book showcasing experimental typography and postdigital printmaking techniques by 21 emerging international artists.
My project is a Fine Art book about the Power of Love and a Turtle who learned to fly.
We are producing a limited edition book documenting our search to find people who create things with a passion and purpose.
A 5x5 inch hardcover art book featuring 365 colored pages of people illustrations from each day of the year.
Chewed Art humorously presents the works of dog artists crafting at the level of van Gogh and da Vinci. Order your hardcover copy here!
400 page visual history of a series of sailing match races between C-class Catamarans from the top sailing nations beginning in 1961.
My art book project entitled, "Modern Saint" is a lighthearted look at the honest self, shrouded in light.
2 weeks + a log cabin in the woods + Crater Lake National Park + 8-12 feet of snow + an artist, his sketchbook & snowshoes = Adventure!
A retrospective book on making one piece of art a day for one year, while working and raising a family. Contains works and essays.
Fantastical Pen and Ink Art; an Interview with Darryl Dean; not only a feast for the eyes but a glimpse inside the works of Darryl Dean
Julioh is a unique visual story of discovery and revelation. A darkly funny graphic novel about a young man and advertising.
The book will celebrate life on the Cheyenne River reservation — its landscapes, its flora and fauna, its traditions, and its people.
This limited edition book features the psychedelic concert posters from the Seattle area that were produced in the 1960's.
An interactive art book feat. about 100 Berlin-based artists presenting urban art, painting, illustration, collages and photography.
Tired of angsty teen vampires? Ever wonder how vampires were ever scary at all? Check out this book. (Sparkles/sighs not included)
Hand drawn mazes printed on transparency sheets & paper. Includes wet erase marker to make mistakes, wipe off & reuse the book.
A sobering look at those who do not survive the Arizona border crossing and the personal effects they have left behind.
A unique book of over 100 facebook profile pics transformed into dense, emotional works of art. 
From screen to coffee-table!
An 80+ mixed illustration/sequential art book of monsters dressed in suits & ties, influenced by Quentin Tarantino's cult classics.
Help me with this festive & fun art book... full of crafty ways to decorate your Christmas tree with unique hand-made treats!
An edition of handmade books showing the pen lettering of the late graphic designer, calligrapher and artist, Raphael Boguslav
Shift your perspective and discover how complex and beautiful the natural world is.
The Forest is a three zine set exploring personal narratives from photographers Alex Welsh, Christian Hansen, and Mustafah Abdulaziz
Production of a 300 page catalog/ guide book to accompany an art exhibition of 17 studios, 88 artists, working in Kyoto, Japan.
This book follows one Airborne company from training to deployment and combat in Desert Storm through the photos and words of its men.
COMPOUND is a free book that demonstrates the different aspects of an interdisciplinary fine arts/design Master's degree program.
Tabula Rasa is an independent publication for the curious reader, exploring fashion photography.
The Soul of Cuba," is a large hardcover book featuring more than 100 powerful photographs taken in Cuba.
Publishing a book “Contemporary Jewish Art” by A. Filtzer, introducing his collection of Jewish Art  amassed in 70-90s by the author in Soviet Russia.
an awesome book made by awesome people. get yours!
Preserve, promote, and publish the Poe Museum's collection of James Carling's little known original artwork for Poe's "The Raven"
Workshops for artists, beginning in Chicago and Pittsburgh, on the art of comedy, self-presentation, and the ins n' outs of small talk.
A paperback book praising the advantages of dogs and poking gentle fun at life with kids, illustrated by artist Tim Gabor.
An Art Book of 28 full color pages based on the life of Crazy Horse as I envision from my research
Participate in the creation of a book and exhibitions about our interactions with screens and screen-based media.
The Face Food Bento Book is both travelogue and cookbook, showcasing character bento recipe secrets from the kitchens of Japan.
A series of found-art cyber soldier sculptures has evolved into amazing photos and designs.  Now it's now time for a great art book.
A book created by two young brothers, one who speaks in drawings with freehanded ink and the other who shares all he sees with words.
An art book of illustrations featuring caricature parodies of dogs as iconic characters in iconic scenes and movie posters.
The Art Guide to the best atmospheric breakfast spots in East London
The core essence of this project explores and invites you to participate in consciously growing what makes you happy.
Plants of Life has 38 original paintings of plant life with my personal story about  each one along with their historic background
Enter the macabre and mysterious world of a circus that dares you, the reader, to become the ringleader of your own fate!
Stoops Magazine is quarterly publication highlighting the best of New York City skateboarding.
A hardback art book about tiles. Featuring over 1000 designs from Dominic Crinson's spectacular archive spanning 20 years of creativity
The first published collection of artist and sculptor Lawrence Noble's 40-year body of work
Art for when the check comes, Over 50 artists drop the bill at your table. 180 checks just waiting to be picked up.
Raising money for a printed magazine, beautifully curated articles, photographs, and illustrations for a Fall 2014 Issue.
A short comic 20-45 pages in a square non-traditional format.  It will be about a squid and a robot and take place in the future. Everyone gets a copy
The book The Elephant Box will be published in late 2012 in tandem with a record, gallery event, and animated shorts from David Ouimet.
Donut porn for the coffee table. A beautiful collection of donuts from across the United States.
Cataclysm is an art book of miniatures, exploring a world after humans.
Help us restore & publish a collection of important images taken by a young Australian visiting the USA for the first time in 1959...
144 custom works of art, 144 amazing stories all collected in "144 Charges - The Book."
An adventure into the heart of India to create a new body of photographic work and a one of a kind art book!
Fairy tales for people who want to quit living a lie
This 210 page book is ready to publish. It's a complete guide to create an amazing Halloween event, LARP or home haunt.
Rare independent, self made printed magazine from Ecuador: visual arts+graphic design+photography+writing
Preserving the 25 remaining glaciers in Glacier National Park through photographic artistry before we've lost them forever.
I want to make a coffee table book that showcases decorated beards. But it all starts with you. WE CAN DO THIS.
From swimming with whale sharks to mountaineering across Norway to cycling across the world we bring you the second installment of Lost
A photographic book revealing the beauty within digital images of the cosmos. Half fiction/ half reality. A splendid coffee table book.
Exploring more horrors behind closed doors with a higher body count of gushy bloody beasts ornamented within fancy interiors.
The best collection of Aztec art pieces combined with today's pop culture.
A beautiful photo book filled with smiling quokkas to inspire happiness in your life.
Amica is a 6-foot-tall flightless bird who lives with a suburban family in their living room. Color photos! Foreword by Jane Goodall!
Explore a dizzying array of artistic and typographic styles. And uncover the history and inspiration behind this overlooked art form.
It's a book that can only be experienced, not read. It aims to give you an insight in the brain and drag you along into my work.
A poetic illustrated tale of a brave kitten who had wings all along and no matter the consequences, chose to be her ownself.
Street Culture is "A Lifestyle of Authenticity". A coffee table book featuring the most inspiring, unique and creative individuals.
1 Artist. 52 Posters. 131 Comedians. The One Year at Whiplash book combines all of these into one expression of love for comedy.
The Pop-Up Book the street has been waiting for! The Hip-Hop Pop-Up Book is a fun and vibrant celebration of the roots of Hip-Hop.
Over 20 artists have joined forces to share an art book with a fun, fresh, and diverse collection of visual development!
Elvis's life reflected through Art. A Las Vegas Museum with murals created by Robert Emerald Shappy. A beautiful hardcover art book.
A unique coloring book experience featuring album covers shot on the streets of Greenwich Village NYC from the 60’s and 70’s!
One man's attempt to inject reality into the unreal world of stock photography by injecting himself.
We're creating a book with stories & photographs of the historic homes of Downtown Fredericksburg and the dogs who live inside.
A Jester's Compendium, A full-color art collection book, spaning over 15 years in the making. From many of the series of art I created.
I would like to write an instructional book on graffiti as the only decent one on the market is out of print and in french
Upgrade our equipment to create of photo ebooks of our Labrador Retrievers, plus iBooks and apps
VOLZ is a multimedia experience that serves as a platform for creative rebels to showcase their work.
Based on masterpieces of erotic art, The Tarot and the Mysteries of Love & Sex is an explicitly erotic tarot deck.
Please help me publish my FIRST, e-book, a collection of my gag and editorial cartoons to share with family, friends and with Y0U!
A collections of my favorite artworks over the years.
Help bring Comic Book Artist, Alé Garza's first full color artbook to life!
Union 9-11 is a coffee table photo book of over 100 inspiring, energetic and intense photos from the Union Square NYC 9-11 Memorial.

A beautiful 140-page pictorial Coffee Table Book created to help families bring new meaning and joy to the festival of Hanukkah.
This Project is about  documenting the damages and the after effects of the recent Super -Storm on the East Coast.
The Secret History of Penis Vehicles publishing project. This has never been done before!
A small book that tells how I just AM disappears when something else comes on the scene! Created to feel good! Touch the clouds. Enjoy!
I'd like to finish my side project and capture a small part of America during this colorful season.
Seeking funding for additional models and self publishing through Outskirts.com. I'm hoping to shoot near to 35 men for the book.
The compilation of the best car scale models among the 12,000 art pieces through the 50 years of history and passion of MAE.
Face down.  Ass up.
A book of alphabets from different languages where your stories are the illustration!
"Offering of the Naiads is an important inventory and documentary of various holy wells and sacred springs around the western world."
The Indigenous People Legends Were Made Of.
Publicar un libro que le de una imágen positiva a Ciudad Juárez / Publish a book that gives Ciudad Juárez a positive image.
Produce a high quality coffee-table book which will feature scenic photographs & Native history, far western tip of Washington State.
This pillow book is for breast cancer survivors and their lovers, it is to be their Kama Sutra- REWARDS:signed books, linocuts, art
A first of its kind; An all-in-one tranquility coloring kit, that promotes relaxation, mindfulness, and stress relief for adults.
Self-publish one tractate from the Talmud Illuminated blog/site, as a conversation piece or present. All $ go to publishing, not profit
It is what it is, right? A picture is just that? The Dirty Canvas is a culmination of stories, art, and the human condition.
I desire to place 67 full color art reproductions into this book. I am an award winning writer and Publishers Weekly featured author
A unique historical survey which gives you an interesting and fascinating view on the changing role of the lifeguard in American life!
Patrick Suchaiya's original artwork ranges from capturing the natural beauty of women to fantastical creations from his imagination.
Carpe Noctem: Black & White in Color #2 features 20 illustrations of creatures in a fine art alternative coloring book for adults
My book, Enhance Creativity, shows ways to make the creative process more fun and in so doing bring out each person’s own imagination.
Two story lines separated within time: Strife in Ancient Egypt; Modern day explorations; the two becoming seamlessly intertwined...
A project geared towards collecting human stories from around the world and recording them and documenting them through story portraits
This is an art book with a simple premise: you give me a made-up name and I'll design a car based on it.
An amazingly fun and exciting book for kids of all ages to learn about art, artists, responsibility, social issues and more.
Creating a tribal body art text book so the Choco Indian can to pass the meanings and designs down for the generations to come.
SURREAL SURRENDER ~ A visual autobiography by Joey Havlock presenting the surreal artworks and encounters that inspired their creations
A Photographic and Written Odyssey One Year in the Making
A book of poems written since 12 years old. This book will provide some photos and proof I am a distant relative of Emily Dickinson.
Para celebrar mis 50 años, el año entrante quiero publicar este libro de amor y humor, relleno de 10 años de dibujos en internet.
Architecture Sketched through the Eyes of Faith.
Whom Am Eye is a community photography project. I am putting out a book filled with the beautiful faces and words from the project.
Lead these awesome, creative, everyone-wins games with your groups or family and inspire creativity, interaction, and engagement!
A new expanded Tarot deck and companion book based  on Numerology and Spirituality. New Deck created by five fantasy  Artists
A tutorial book with cool photos for a international student to live up in UK.
This project is a photo book about me hiking my way through the canyon over a period of two weeks. I can't do it without your help.
Be a part of history by helping to commemorate the 100th anniversary of America's first regional theatre.
Mystery and picturesque. Visions and masterpieces. A web portal to the unknown wonders of Rome. Right on your smartphone.
Artistic Puzzles is a puzzle book collection of both difficult to find puzzles and original ideas for adults and teens.
Poetry and watercolor by Dan Joyce create this fascinating tale of love and spirituality in a hard bound premium paper color book.
Our Book, The Inspired Photo Art Gallery * is a Marvelous Historical Masterpiece  " Road Sign - Hot Beer and Road Killed - Hamburgers "
Origami Blizzard style representing characters and figures from the blizzard universe.  not your common or traditional Origami.
"Plie Ball! Baseball and Dance in America" will be a book that explores all points of connection between baseball and dance, from stage to stadium!
Infrared Photography provides a new and surreal way to see the world around us. Come see the midwest as you have never seen it before.
An artist's book feat. a science-fiction novella + allergy-friendly recipes written by Anne Elizabeth Moore, designed by Sonnenzimmer.
We want to make a professionally printed and bound catalog for the 2013 Fine Arts Senior Exhibition at Otis College of Art & Design.
Become a Contribution to the revolutionary world of creative therapy, and meditation for PTSD, ADHD, OCD, and cancer patients.
A 4.5 month circumnavigation of the US to unify this country through pictures, stories and connections.
A philosophical art book comprising of photography and creative writing by one artist - Elysia, following her creation and destruction.
Writing a story book to honouring  my Father's memory and publish it to share my stories about 16 years of adventure !
Some unique Street art is vanishing forever, on buildings,under bridges, on the side of trains. Lets not lose these forever!
They say a picture is worth a thousand words. I'm proving it true. 50 original paintings, 1000 words on each. See how my mind works.
A Visual Field Guide promoting drawing as a tool for discovery and learning, specifically inside museums.
Visions of an American Cross Country Road Trip Through the Eyes of Two Exchange Students and Their American Host Family.
Mother and son team will journey to all of the Maine islands with year round residents and photograph, film and document our travels.
A book of photos, displaying the many moods of your every day zombie.  After all, zombies have feelings too.  Wait, do they?
A large landscape style art book of that tells a story of place throught photos and stories from 40 countries.
Dirty Shamana is a beautifully illustrated autobiography of an artist profoundly changed by brutal abuse and otherwordly experiences.
An action game with tons of art, now in a full color book
Collaborative Artwork by Silace Amaro & Annalisa Barelli
An artist walks the spine of the Continental Divide: A journey on foot through the wild lands of America.
Raise money to publish long awaited art album about 45 creative years of Volodymyr Makarenko. Over 150 color reproductions, 200 pages.
Evolution is the art of survival--the balance of symbiosis and destruction. Witness the beauty of life, as captured through the ages!
This is my first solo book.
We're cool. We're funny. We like rocker chicks..
I am wanting to publish a photography book that shows off my work but also gives information to others about the basics of photography.
I have seen all these 365 Days of the years books and I thought it would be fun to make one for myself and then for others, if it works
These Beautiful Journals are made from Handmade Recycled Paper, and patiently cover designed by Melbourne Pen Artist: Mishaan Magan
A zine about travel, adventures, photography, writing, art, music, and having no regrets.
Participez à Reines Des Temps Modernes.Ce miroir dans lequel les femmes prennent conscience de leur beauté et leur richesse culturelle.
We teamed up with local Austin artists to bring the traditional Latin American BINGO game to life in this beautifully illustrated book!
A book of images that reflect popular styles and characters from anime series, manga, feature films, games and comics.
A story of two individuals who find each other, realizing that they're lives were no different from abuse all the way to drug addiction
A nonprofit book, it covers topics like Depression, Suicide, Anorexia, Anxiety, PTSD, and Self-harm, including self-help resources.
A relaxing teaching tool, this coloring book for kids/ adults is about Schenectady's important contributions to the US and the world.
Two Photographers take you on a visual journey exploring ghost towns throughout Wyoming.
Hand drawn mazes printed on transparency sheets & photo paper. Includes wet erase marker to make mistakes, wipe off & reuse the book.
Hairballs are gross. Being able to laugh about them makes the whole affair bearable.
An art book combining beautiful original photographs of cupcakes with edgy, not-so-sweet original poetry. Yeah.
An Unprecedented Collection of the greatest Visionary Artists working today... presented in a beautiful full color coffee table book
I am looking for funding to get my most recent book "199tour!" Printed. It documents a UK tour of the US punk duo 1994!
An independent magazine about film photography
With less than 10,000 left in the wild globally this book celebrates the Cheetah in Namibia, and how humans are trying to save them.
The coloring book that I designed contains variety of animals and scenary of Tanzania.
From the South to the North, factories, villages, glowing cities both new and old.  China in a personal record of images and words.
Photographs of the Alaskan Landscape, 64 black-and-white images by Dennis Witmer,  Afterword by Robert Adams
Send "I just AM" to the printer! A simple book about life. "something else" makes art and idea fun and full of thought.
I need to purchase ISBNs for my line of coloring books!  Can you help?
An existentialist romp through Hollywood.  Collecting insights and simple truths that resonate with us all.
Volumes I and II were published for Christmas, 2012. Data Collection, Production, need to be performed for Volume III.
First edition book collecting the digital art of Frederick Yackowski.
"Transformative Art" is a book of inspired mixed-media collage art, musings and poetry created by one mom with a vision.
Leaves is a coloring book featuring animals, nature, and the Earth. It contains 60 brilliant and beautiful illustrations.
A hardcover 120 page book with digital artwork & illustrations by artist Sandra Villeneuve.
There seems to be abandoned shoes EVERYWHERE lately & I've become obsessed with photographing them. I want my obsession 2 come to life!
Cuba. It hasn't changed in years. And years go by. This book portrays its beauty, its poverty, and its people in pictures and prose.
"What is possible in an hour?" through experiments to show how we perceive time.
Ein Fotobuch mit und über Ältere Menschen
"Naturally Wild" is a book to inspire all ages to paint/draw animals in a step by step process. Find the creativity within yourself!
A beautifully designed and finely printed Monograph featuring my
Collages and Assemblage Boxes created between 1987- 2013.
Special book about giving up everything for your dreams. This is a true story, poem about a time travel.
A mixed media book of art, notes, findings, stories, histories, and interviews to compose a portrait of European ecovillages.
If you have never heard of the Channeled Scablands of Washington, this is why I want to create and publish this book.
This project is a great mind stimulant and positive component to Alzheimer's and mental health awareness. Support the movement!
We are looking to create a photo book tracing the evolution of pin up style photography and art from its inception to the modern day.
Poeticallyours is a labour of love that has stretched over a lifetime. It is the consummation of a dream, made real with your help.
We all have items we have forgotten outside or neglected. Daniel photographs them and gets the story behind their forgotten tragedy.
what makes you happy?
100 inspiring people share their personal Secret of Happiness
Support professional designer Hollie Wood publish her first interior decor book Antiquarian Glam Organic Lifestyle Design (OLD).
A project to create a genuine Martian cuisine, using only ingredients that could be grown in Martian soil.
I plan to create and publish a fine art photography tabletop book spanning 35 years as a photojournalist, artists and oil painter.
Encourage and simplify art instruction so it is made easy to create more original artists decorating own homes,galleries or for gifts
A interpretive publication inspired by the events at the Future Everything festival in Manchester UK.
Creating a Magazine featuring unknown Artists from around the state and eventually around the world. A rare glimpse of unknown artists.
A R T I C U L A T E, free online art magazine. Art as a media, sharing cultures and experiences, eliminating borders and social status.
Fifteen women each with a different true story on the first time they felt truly beautiful. Photographed to bring their story to life.
Having explored Europe's 7 smallest states, I am ready to publish a magnificent book of photographs - with your help?
This art book will pair fine art illustrations with history and lore about the individual herbs.
A book about 3D paintings that are created by me the artist.The book would be a hardcover and it would include a pair of 3D glasses.
"100" is the original ARTBOOK with my 100 artworks and where 100 BOOK AUTHORS from around the world will be involved.
Cocktails & Coloring infused in to one amazing Adult Coloring Book with drink recipes to inspire. A great way to relax and unwind!
Tags Around the world A new Genre of art. Cultured art the underground lifestyle of an opressed voice Breakingmore then the laws of art
The ultimate anatomy reference book for artists that shows dynamic male & female poses from 24 separate angles.
Experience Antarctica in photos &.words. Stunning scenery, tuxedod penguins, research stations, blubbery seals & South America.
Olio means miscellaneous mixture and Olio Magazine is the home of the most exciting mix of art, design & culture from around the world.
The little birds 
defy the darkness of hate
and prove once again
we create our own fate.
IN TIME FOR CHRISTMAS: a coffee table book featuring V Rae's fur, fin & feather gallery and artist musings
A book that explores the most provocative ideas in architecture from the  students at California College of the Arts, San Francisco CA
'Selected from the Pattern' Special Edition is a limited run book of the artwork of Neda and Wade Harrell, aka Adwen Creative
The book covers my personal pioneering history inventing and designing Ambigrams, since 1974 to the present.
50 European movies, 50 re-designed film posters. How many pictures will you get?
Have you ever wanted to learn to draw or teach your kids. This book  teachs a super easy way. Please see the video today and pledge .
The book is an artistic adventure and also a walkers guide to one of the gems of the British Isles.
To fund the production of an 80 page full color book collecting over 50 illustrations from a variety of traditional and digital media.
Art Book, Al Sybrian sculptor of internationally recognized seal lion in Sausalito during artistic renaissance in San Francisco, Calif
A canine-centric view of world history.
Help Fund a Print Magazine that Showcases Emerging Creatives Around the Globe.
An artist’s collection created out of a love of wild nature and the beauty and mystery of life.
The Instagram Coffee Table Book project is a curated look at collections of photos shared on Facebook's 100+ million Instagram users.
Shuttered Growth will use the early photographs of an Amateur Photographer to explore the themes of Life, Natural Beauty, and Love.
A crowdsourced book in a movement for better books using QR codes to bring film, music, and bolder images to paperbacks.
A book about awareness and beauty
A 52-page large format coffee table book filled with beautiful images and easy text to guide you on a journey to the sea.
36 page coloring book with the art of 15 local artists.  Outreach project to bring original art to the forefront of our community.
6"x 9" Limited Edition 10 Books 38 pages  (Unique)  and e-book, from a sampling of paintings I have selected from a large body of art.
Help us bring the Fantastic Art and Artists of Big 'O' to life!  Documenting the 60s & 70s  Golden Age of Album Cover & Poster Art.
Gnoming is a photography book based off of the blog gnomingwithfriends.tumblr.com.
An art book showcasing every Air Jordan I-XXIII in each of their original  colorways, featuring 115 different sneakers.
A philosophy book with artwork.
An encompassing fully-Illustrated Art Book of The Schneider Trophy races, inc. craft development, circuits, crew & pilot biographies.
I'm excited to turn my attention to my hometown of Cincinnati for my next art maze collection. I can't wait to start drawing!
"Daughters of Darkness". A collection of pinup style paintings with an evil/dark side with a couple of step-by-step tutorials thrown in
Full color magazine about memphis writers, Interviews with Paser MFK, NOSEY TOBY AND HERL 42, Plenty of flicks, Pretty Girls and more!
This kickstarter is for a pair of publications. The photography and journal entries are complete for the first publication.
It's a book about photography, full of cartoons, jokes and useful information for everyone.
Using forgotten illustrations showing how admen harnessed corporate advertising while selling to consumers they created
I'm hoping to self publish my coffee table style book of my photographs along with quotes on nature and photography.
An IPAD art book with paintings by Richard Warburg
This beautiful book showcases one of the largest collections of Elvis Art from any one artist in the world.Includes Elvis Museums art !
Upgrade that not so great coffee table to an amazing one with this photo book of border collies.
The famed inventor Mordecai Crowley documents his interplanetary travels - Fully illustrated, hardback book. 100 pages of pure awesome.
Ever have a special place that inspired you, made you feel at peace or open your eyes to see the thing in a different light
In conversation with the history of the 1960s queer youth organization Vanguard, this issue explores spirituality.
Contemporary Fairytale images accompanied by heartfelt and inspirational messages of encouragement for traversing life's trials.
Showing the changes in the Norwegian glaciers and landscape in the past 100 years
Share the beauty and sense of discovery of the award-winning book Light Fading with a much broader audience in as an eBook for iPad.
Minimalist photography book, showcasing 14 of the strongest flickr artists in the year 2014
After Nyne - Showcasing artists so talented, they deserve to be seen.

afternynemagazine.co.uk
Kids and adults will be interviewed about their dream homes and will build them with recycled materials. I will work into a book!
Book of altered nature images which include inspirational quotes on each page.
A special edition magazine of manga and articles presented by the freelance manga artist team known as the DREAM Manga Group
We have sold out of our first printing and need more books soon.  This project is to raise funds to cover a second printing.
Help Nicaragua - and enjoy a cool adventure - swimming pigs are just one of the wonders I want to share with you. Thank you in advance!
Book with my work in fashion illustration, tutorials and techniques using pencil, ink, digital and also mockups to use as reference.
art book about homesexuality and suicide within the christian community. Acceptance and loving your authentic self as God loves.
Capturing the battle between Hispanic culture & US politics along the southwestern states of America.
This is a coffee table book that looks at the eye as the start of our personal universe.
A portfolio serves as a designer's resume.  A professional portfolio is a must.  Mine is almost complete, now I need to get it printed!
Throughout the 1960's the world's racing cars progressed more than at any other time in history of racing. With top speeds of 240mph.
We’re making this coffee table book to spotlight and support independent retailers & their contribution to Main Street America.
An intimate set of photographs depicting Paris from a graffiti writer's perspective made during multiple visits from the past 6 years
Juan's portrait drawings of pop-culture's biggest celebrities are spectacles to behold. Experience his art for the first time in print!
You will love your favorite Movies, Shows, and Video Games even more when you find the Easter Eggs hidden inside them!
Through photos, anecdotes, jokes, and personal stories we hope to gain some insight into our society's complex feelings on breasts.
Blind sculptor presents a coffee table book with images, bios,  stories, with a video element.
There are jealous “rulers” who secretly enforce the will of the gods and conniving protagonists leading you through the story.
A picture book from a cat's eye view, If cats ruled the planet, maybe this would be their story. Based on original work of the artist.
Blotter art history and picture documentaion. Pricing for collectors and Blotter enthusiast.
To produce a series of alphabet related fine art projects, the cornerstone of which is an editioned handmade book.
Adult coloring book that'll give stoners a soothing experience while being creative,coloring pages full of weed leaves as you get baked
Digital Nomad and photographer travelling the world to create worldwide road trips book with travel stories & amazing photos.
E-love is a modern digital love story that follows the electronic correspondences of a young couple falling in love in a digital age
A tasteful coffee table book that teaches the ancient erotic positions of the Kama Sutra using adorable  puppets.
Involve yourself in the short story process. Stories developed based on topics you suggest.
★ ARTBOOK devoted to people around the world. Yes! YOU or YOUR #SELFIE could be on this book, beautifully DRAWN like no other! ˎ₍•ɞ•₎ˏ
A is for Alphabet, B is for Book ... 
P is for Politics & S is for Satire ! 
A combination of poetry, collage, politics and irony.
An illustrated guide to 41 great authors who died by their own hand.
A perspective book, using photography to depict the extinction of what once was a American family staple of fun & hopefullness.
In 2005, I published a book of portrait drawings of 1000 Pro Wrestlers. It's 2012 and it's time to draw a thousand more!
This project is about researching, documenting, and photographing Utah's statues and historical memorials.
A time capsule of our Golden Age in the form of an ancient 600+ page grimoire.
The goal   is to  have future books published,  hire artist to help,   Then turn around and help those same artist get published.
SometimesBeautiful empowers and redefines, both physically and cerebrally, the perception of beauty.
A critical one off fashion magazine focusing on the outdated ideas of print publications.
“I am the teller of the tale, not the creator of the story” 
(Michael Powell)
An ART-NUDE coffee-table book featuring alt/glamour/etc models from throughout North America. All on Pink. All shapes and sizes.
Richard Wagner's four, epic Ring Cycle operas get a fresh retelling with new words and artwork by L.HUNT. This is Book One in a series.
I am in the process of organizing a series of writings on LOVE & COMPASSION & pairing them with photographs taken on Pilgrimage.
A wonderful 255 page illustrative coffee table art book. The series will include 5 volumes, and present art by 100 + Japanese artists.
We are self publishing a photography book of tribal people in southeast Asia.
The world's first full detail picture book for the blind, educational fund finding facts book filled with pictures of tactile artwork.
A book about the crucial art-experiment that behaved differently and became unheard of: Poex65 in Copenhagen, 1965.
My project is to publish a monograph book on my thirty years of photography practice. My work can be viewed at claudephilippebenoit.com
We are a group of students who are independently creating a catalog of our photography department at The School of The Art Institute of Chicago. 
A PHOTO-REALISTIC Coloring Book that enables you to create AMAZING images just by filling in the outlines. It's really just that SIMPLE
A parody of the best-selling children's book Everyone Poops but with celebrities like Kim Kardashian, Taylor Swift and Donald Trump.
Attempting to create a book based on my concert photography over the years, as well as a how-to for aspiring concert photographers!
Book of very different personalities of tattooers and their unique approaches put together in the light of contemporary thinking.
an illustrated adventure from the road of a happy little cartoon cracked tooth and all the fun and sticky situations he encounters
I am raising funds to publish a book of my artwork and poetry.
The Land of Neves - A Fantasy/Adventure/Love Story. This project is aimed at an art novel using freelance artists worldwide.
Caddo Lake is the largest natural lake in Texas and was named a Ramsar Wetland of International Importance in October of 1993.
The book will depict the life of both ranch hands and stock contractors through photography.
A Circus Mind is a rock and roll history through rhymes and is searching for the perfect illustrations to compliment the written word.
By popular request, we're putting together a high-quality postcard book with 30 original photographs of car emblems & hood ornaments.
This is a illustrated book of drawings I made in NYC Bars. With humorous anecdotal stories.
Design Detour is a FREE home periodical inspiring consciousness in design. Creative and thought-provoking - we set the trends!
Beautiful color art book of amazing crystals of the world's greatest mineral locality. Best crystals in the world!
Stories for kids, and YOU too! Odd tales and not so odd with lots of fun & funky art! Incl. Isabel and the Motor Scooter Pirates!
Coloring book for adults can generate the exact same benefits which meditation imparts on the brain.
From Alaska to Sardinia, to collaborate with 'Hipstamatic Sardinia', capturing it all in Hipstamatic. Share the results  in a  book.
While driving across America, our team will give books to children and spread literacy, taking photos to publish in our Zine.
We want to publish an art book that tells the story of how we raised money for literacy by painting plein air landscapes across Florida
A divinely inspired book of visionary, sacred art and insight that will touch your heart and awaken your mind.
A fully-Illustrated Book on The Schneider Trophy races, including craft development, circuits, crew & pilot biographies.
After his death in 1960, C.L Sharp's photographs were thought lost & forgotten. This book seeks to share these photos & his story.
We have created two art books for ageless children, showcasing 30 luminous  watercolors of the loved, majestic places in Central Park.
52 Weeks of Freaks is an adventure into the bizarre,character design of artist, Jaypee. The book contains 52 full colour illustrations.
A collective of photographs and stories from drag entertainers. All posed with the same question, why do you do drag?
I fashion photographs into post cards and send them to my sister. Be a creep and read them - in book form.
The Aradis Kingdom, a science fantasy book with a fascinating plot set in the future in a medeival environment. So far only in Swedish.
Be inspired to shift life purpose and meaning by focusing on empowering photographic and word images that take you beyond the norm.
These are high quality Photo Postcards  of the Missions of San Antonio Cathedrals printed on Eco-Friendly materials & soy inks.
Is an illustrated book for anyone wishing to know more about graphic design. In the book I’ll teach how easy is to design COOL.
20 States, 20 Days, And Over 1,000 Acts of Kindness caught on camera.
We're hoping to produce a sketchbook for NYCC 2011, Diana's first sketchbook in over 2 years, and Michael's first sketchbook ever.
18" x 24" is a collection of life drawings of Los Angeles figure models done over a 3 year period.
featuring talented Street artists worldwide, outside & in their studios. Fresco keeps StreetArt alive on the page!
Everything you need to kickstart your illustration career and get published.
For women who didn't know how strong they were, until they had to be.
This is my first book!  40 years of painting squeezed into a 208 page full color, hard cover capturing the evolution of the Reciprocals
When I see something that's been lost or thrown away, I feel bad and I document it's sadness with a picture and sometimes a story.
We will publish, for your enjoyment, a 2014 calendar with awesome Vatican pictures.
Help us bring the very best local legends to life.
My name is David P. Griffin, during the early 1980’s I worked for CBS News as a technician; my assignment for over 2 and half years was
Numbered edition art box set celebrating the history of director Bruce Brown and his masterpiece, "The Endless Summer".
High-quality photo & story-rich book on the surf-travel-misadventures of Naughton/Peterson, two of surfing’s favorite dirtbag travelers
'San Gabriel Glory' is an epic 6 year journey of the San Gabriel Mountains that highlight the natural beauty of this magical place.
Creating an art book with 52 paintings of Dragons, finishing/editing a novel series with intent to publish + working towards EE Degree.
Get It Done on 31 Tour - a drive down Western New York's Main Street - a visual history coffee table book
London’s most innovative art magazine is due to release issue #18 worldwide. Here’s how you can get your copy first and be featured!
"Odd Birds, Strange Dreams, and the Ghost Trains of New Orleans" is an art exhibit in a a large-format 12" x 12" hardcover art book.
An edgy art book about China and censorship featuring beautiful color reproductions of new Chinese art, interviews and more.
THE BOOK OF MONKS is a hardbound collection of 31 photographic collages (PHOTAGES),
all imaginatively incorporating Buddhist monks.
After a near death experience, I began painting and hope others are inspired by the images as I have been. We are not alone.
Attempting to write a book and make a short video series about how its about just being a gamer, not a male or female gamer...
The goal of this project to produce a fine art picture book featuring the photographic work of Robert N. Hammell and Ronald S. Brown.
A Coloring book for and about making art. Kids love to engage with images of themselves and other children and I love to draw that!
My project is an investigative photo and journalistic composition  on the phenomenon of bicycle enthusiast  turned motorcycle devotee.
Pays for printing/distribution of Galloping to Freedom: Saving America's Wild Horses, about new solutions for saving our wild horses
Nobody should ever be denied a thought. And so you will all have the chance to access mine.
Pandemonia Chronicles: DAWN is a middle grade novel for boys. Help me self-publish it!
Featuring six outdoor athletes in some of the most beautiful landscapes of the Pacific Northwest.
An illustrated compendium of over 300 real estate terms.  A fun guide that everyone will enjoy.
My first art book showcases an exploration of the human form through a series of yoga poses that I have completed in the last year.
Why Every President Sucked uncovers how each and every former president has failed to live up to our divine expectations.
The 2nd volume in this fine art series, a limited editor signed edition.  It is a 9 X 12 hard cover. .gold embossed with slip case
Art book featuring dancer Eryc Taylor as various mythical characters throughout time, drawings and paintings by NYC artist Todd Yeager
This is a hard cover book of east coast punk show flyers from @1980-1990. 240 pages w over 600 flyers. Project is ready for print.
Honoring the dead through shrines, altars, photographs & artwork found along roadsides in the US, Mexico, Greece, Spain & Europe
A manifesto as critical analysis and response to a precise tonality of the colour blue. Promoting interdisciplinary collaboration.
A glossy coffee table book showing off the best of the best 'must-cruise' destinations and vessels that hold 100 passengers or fewer.
Havana Life is a photography book, travel guide, journal and insight into one of the most unique places in the world.
"Creative Workspace" A full-color book featuring the workspaces of creative people like you. Submit your workspace and be included.
I recently moved across the country & photographed my Westie en route. Charlie saw both the amazing American countryside and urban areas alike. 
A coffee-table style book detailing the life and art of Russian born Berkeley and San Francisco bay area artist Michael Chepourkoff.
I'm starting a collection of movie-themed coloring books, starting with horror from 1960 on up to 2014.
Bringing two of the happiest, most cheerful, spectacular subjects of 2016 together in one wonderful coloring book!
A photographic book based on the famous mural, wall art and graffiti found in the Art District of Wynwood, Miami, Florida
My personal narrative alphabet book features interpretive illustrations referencing world history, legends, myths and folklore.
A full color published collection of hand drawn sermon sketchnotes.
The Photo Philosophy Book: Elevate your creative mind.
The Hair-Art Gallery Volume 1 book is the connection of Hair-Art interwoven into the beauty of humanity captured in a moment.
An intimate book of surfers' portraits taken in the early a.m. at Bondi Beach, Australia.
The Journey discovers America through a number of states and cities, picturing the colourful identity of the United States.
A world-class collection of 632 scintillating international ads from the pre-television era w/ artist biography and company history.
A hardcover book with beautiful images and the complete history & findings of the fabled "Nintendo PlayStation" prototype.
Canine photographer, Amy Joy has captured the special moments in a dogs life. They'll
inspire you, motivate you and make you smile.
An epic tale of Genesis. Lucifers fall, Lilith's defiance and revenge, Adam and Eve's fatal mistake and expulsion from Eden.
Sin describes human decadence. Witness the archtypal 7 deadly sins in all their vulgar and provocative glory in this photographic novel
New Mexico has some amazing National and State parks, but not a lot of people get to visit them. I'd like to bring them to the Public.
I´d LOVE to publish my Equestrian Lifestyle Cookbook in America! We´ll bring you the best of both worlds; HORSES & FOOD! Have a look!
How people connect without ever knowing it.
Affirmations from women who have fallen in love with themselves
Couple Things is a series of single panel cartoons featuring different inanimate objects confronting various relationship based issues.
Volume 1 - Cut the $h!7 - A Physical Manifestation of the Worlds Most Loved Philosophy Created by the World Itself.
A body of Artwork that has evolved into cards and a book informed by Yoga, Alchemy, Mythology, Shamanism and Tarot. Created to inspire.
One of the last wild frontier towns. 
Coffee table style photo-book takes you to the magical world of the Amazon Jungle and Iquitos.
101 Ways to Resist - small calling cards and protest journals to orient and spread our resistance.
We all love getting postcards. Send one to friend or stranger and be a part of an epic adventure of postcards around the world.
Kiba Kiba Pods are a new way to build community by bridging artists with the youngest generation & creating collaborative art tied to Kiba Kiba Books.
From the funny, sad, or heart-warming, this book chronicles the power of words and their connection to us all. Occupy the view finder!
A magazine that's exploiting talent all around the world.
Adult coloring book based on the sketches by artist "Yanni Theodorou", before they were painted. What do you see and create?
A collaboration between photo-based artists Louviere + Vanessa and author Michael Allen Zell
"A History of Sluts" looks at "slut shaming" and the women who were called SLUTS in their time, but who were pioneers who kicked ASS!
In this book the secret knowledge and hidden medicine is captured through the metaphysical art and spoken words
An art book documenting blue collar North American hunters.
A first-of-its-kind attempt to bring the vast world of the Vedas into a comprehensive, concise, authoritative, visually stunning guide.
Publishing a serial collection of short stories, illustrated by the talents of the kickstarter community through collaborative efforts.
A photographic celebration of Guatemalan tradition, and universal spirit: Visions of Holy Week (Visiones de Semana Santa)!
This book celebrates the art, history and culture of the Tour de France. Highlighted with 300+ photographs & images from 1903-2013.
We're printing Parables in Parallel! 
Volume 2 brings unique life to the scriptures through your images and stories.
A photobook depicting the ecography (Ecology focused photography) of western India, Bangladesh, Myanmar, and Singapore.
An innovative twist on the adult coloring book: sticky note pads with colorable images!
Book on making dalle de verre (stained glass) windows using full-size replica of the 6 foot center of the Aztec Sunstone as an example
Publish a book filled with unique, beautiful images and inspiring quotes about the beauty -- and distress -- in our oceans.
A book exploring eight artists' interpretations of Leeds and the influence it has had over their lives and their work.
Over the year I have been inspired by people and how environments drives their push there creativity. LIVE OUT SIDE THE BOOK
Bujinkan in Black & White is a history in pictures of Hatsumi Sensei the man and the martial artist through the eyes of his students.
Inspired by the discovery of a forgotten burial ground in lower Manhattan, it features beautiful gouache painting and striking prose.
How to make brilliantly colorful and creative jewelry using easy techniques and non-toxic colorants.
Humorous picture book for your inner child - autistic artist and professional writer team up to solve your love life problems.
Mythic Drawing is a book on drawing from the imagination, designed to help artists explore their inner world.
Introducing the first of it's kind. A photograpic E-Book of people all over the world preforming environmentally friendly tasks.
The next big book series. The story leaps off the page and into your imagination. The bones of the book are incredible and captivating.
First in a series of books exploring an architectural journey troughout "para-site" projects, leaning against Paris neglected spaces.
THE 1ST AND DEFINITIVE CALENDAR OF VINTAGE 1920'S COLOR "AMERICAN REVUE" IMAGES FROM BROADWAY!!
Using my amazing paint skills, allow me to draw an uncanny resemblance of your mug.
Colorful collages pull children in to profiles of great peace makers in our world that teach them that everyone can make a difference.
Do you have wanderlust? Do you like air? Do you fly? Are you a true adventurer? Do you deal with errors? Will it work?
One of the most famous architects in history hid complex messages to posterity on his buildings, and no one has ever discovered them.
After the large Florida Endangered Species Exhibition, we now want to produce a coffee table book of the images.
EyeBook is an illustrated book about the eye in art - a fascinating collection of remarkable works by artists both famous and unknown.
Full catalog of All Armenian Churches of the World to commemorate Genocide of Armenian People in 1915
This book is about how anyone can create photo realistic planets in photo shop and other layer based paint programs
An incredible picture book featuring all 92 English league and Scottish Premiership grounds made from Lego bricks!
If you love animals and art, this book is for you!! The Creative Pet Project is an initiative drawing artists together via their pets.
Sharecropper is a series of public art installations by artist Leah Gauthier stitching together micro farms with donated land or growing spaces.
Pocket Art Book,  a collection of poetry and paintings inspired by the voice of Tenor Jonas Kaufmann. For Opera lovers and Art lovers
I'm making a photography book of my kittens sleeping. Help me!
A 4"x6" mini art book featuring sketches, portraits, illustrations, and digital painting process breakdowns, and two personal projects.
A visual story told with one sixth scale toys. This book showcases The Dark Knight and his villains by using toy photography.
After months of unemployability since graduating I am travelling, making the best of the situation with a beautiful book documenting it
The highly anticipated book #1 of the Imaginarium steampunk art trilogy, by British fine art Photographic artist Gary Nicholls
Passionate, self-published magazines! GOALS: Distribute to more people and places (especially to you)! Celebrate y/our creativity!
A journey across the US of the best foods cameraman Carl "@ephshi" Valencia has professionally photographed. The times for food is nau.
Need your financial support in publishing a large coffee table picture book, "The Duality of Life" by Albert L. Stewart, Sr. 
A collection of typographical portraits depicting the Presidents of the United States in their own words.
The personal stories of homelessness told through their own bold, colorful, and beautiful art work. Pictures to last a lifetime.
A beautifully presented book on the wonderful history of London depicted in quirky illustrations & interesting historical facts.
Idiot Savant, Outsider Artist, Horse Whisperer? An illustrated bio of Charles Plaxco and his peculiar legacy of art, kitsch & critters
A massive Art Book: Over 100 pages depicting in detail the world of Katana of Gion, bringing together all its characters and places.
Nigeria on Film features over 35 years of images & stories across Nigeria, compiled by prolific photographer Mohammed Garuba.
Together lets create a captivating photobook filled with the diversity, culture and landscapes in what is California. Lets do it!
Don't just colour and store on a shelf. Create beautiful personal gifts to share or display for all to see your creativity.
Diana Randolph's second book of acclaimed pastel paintings and vivid poetry revealing a vibrant rural life in the heart of the forest.
This is a artist-run publication with the ethos of spreading ideas and opinions of all creative industries and cultural matters.
An epic love story set against the backdrop of a war in Heaven and Hell.
We are looking for support to reprint the most beautiful and informative book on the icons of the Orthodox Church ever published.
A love story about a wind up toy ballerina named Crystal looking for her lost companion. a book project with unique artwork.
A book of illustrated Daydreams, captioned with brutally honest truths for those of us that live on the edge.
This book contains 30+ years of awe inspiring photos of our universe, made to (re)kindle the love of space and stars you have.
A sleek and sharp coffee-table-art book showcasing the body's favorite expulsion..The boog. It's an artsy booger book of love.
Design, publish, and distribute a booklet to promote the world's fastest growing bible study!
This is a special Kickstarter edition of my Art book. This edition includes all my best personal design in a single book.
"Efterhand" is a biography in coffee table book form using photographs depicting Andy Warhol's life from Pittsburgh to New York City.
This is a book celebrating a great American building, the West Virginia State Capitol, photographed by Thorney Lieberman.
The zine is designed to support local artists and expose their work to others by putting it in their hands as opposed to on a screen.
Beautifully painted book of artistic nudes by illustrator Gary Parkin
Capture peoples imagination, by bringing my book to life.
I hope to inspire the public, and make reading the #1 entertainment choice.
To inspire people through sharing a free 8.5" x 5.5" full color book of original pictures, artwork and tips.
A true story about a girl from the mountains, who traveled the globe in search of love, and discovered herself. Art Book & Photography
Digital Halo is a book, which contains a collection of selected pieces of digital art that I have made over the past five years.
Korean War photo-journal. Rare, never before published, images of The Forgotten War - 1950 to 1953 - 20 amazing full-color plates.
The Angels of Berlin are brought to you by Berlinica’s new book Wings of Desire. Help translate this book into five languages!
A photo book of 100+ of the "best"/worst signs one man has photographed in 30+ countries over a 16 year period.
Visual Music is rhyming life lessons placed over photography.
An insane photography book packed with the most gore you'll ever see in an art book. ZOMBIESSS!!!!!! by Sidney Cumbie
comprising academic papers by Shahin Nawai, Sandra Schafer, and Azadeh Fatehrad, alongside photographs by Hengameh Golestan.
Tout sur cette grande dynastie d'architectes. Ouvrage 24x32, 464 pages, 500 illustrations. Préfaces de J-J. Aillagon et M. Rabens (USA)
A self-published book sharing the stories and unique processes behind United States makers, craftsmen and passionate individuals.
I'm creating an art book/website/app titled Where To Go In New York featuring 150+ famous/infamous/fascinating restrooms in NY City!!
a limited edition archival portfolio
collection of selected poems, drawings & photographs
This is an artwork & poetry book.  It features a unique style of art, information on that style, and original poetry.
With memories of love two brothers had for surfing then found the ultimate surf one day that out does all their surfing experience.
In this visually stunning book, great masterpieces of art illustrate the very art concepts that we use to understand and value art.
KISS MY AXE is a 300 pages book about all the 146 and more bass guitars used by Gene Simmons from KISS since 1973 til nowdays.
Art & recipes! An interactive exploration of color and cooking from Executive Pastry Chef Angela Wilson and Illustrator Chris Volion.
A love story, a book of love poems , wonderful authentic art, and music c..d . All in one ,delivered or upload to your desk top.
Equality House is the country's first traveling equality art project tour & a non-fiction book of American equality stories today
He was born. He learned. He traveled. He worked and met many. 
And he learned some more...
A published collection of Andy Jenkins illustrations from the Skateboard Mag.
To eat or to be eaten- affirmations for accepting your destiny in the emerging zombie apocalypse
'Coming Home to the Heart of Nature' will be a unique inspirational coffee table-type book-
feeling bookish?  cue the crayons & grab your fine-tip markers.  your favorite heroines and adventurers just need some color.
What if we were surrounded by monsters, but could not see them?  Apparently all tall tales that children talk about are true.
40 years of every remotely interesting illustration I've ever drawn of the island of Maui-at least 150 pages.
Un diario foto/letterario di Gianluca Vassallo, in 124pp, a cura di Roberto Cremascoli.
Fatto libro dal Compasso D'Oro Artemio Croatto.
Support ArtZone461 Gallery's quality cultural Programs: >75 shows > 40,000 visitors since 2008.  Savor the Xperience: Give Now ThankYou
Neo-nostalgic art, fashion and amateur kink publication curated for emerging artists. Grunge/gothic revival with melancholic style.
Chronicles 365 paintings in monthly story themes: It's an art book, a memoir and a creative practice guide.
A bucket list book that encourages all clients to creatively document memorable moments.Created and designed by three Swedish students.
Help me print and distribute my barrel of joy, "The Reinventionists."
#peoplesleepingontrains:nyc is a collection of photos of well...people sleeping on the new york subway.
It'll be a book, written in RU and EN, at the same time. Stories with no ends and no begginins. They will inspire you to smth new.
“The Illustrated Guide to Transgender Strip Poker” is a piece of social art in the form of a “coffee table” book that isn’t really just
Non-profit Adhesive Culture Magazine created by D_EVIL_ART of Vancouver, B.C, Canada, Featuring sticker artists from around the world.
"Dogs Playing Poker" is the first book about the life and work of Cassius M. Coolidge, the artist who created the famous dog painting.
An 80 page art book featuring works made during Inktober 2015 by Ishaway. The book contains 36 paintings and will be perfect bound.
I am taking some of my hot rod photos and turning them into a coloring book for kids & adults.
A 40 page book which exposes the beauty and hidden details of the Architecture of New York.
Imagine being associated with the greatest "find" in this century; the only photos of the rare and elusive Ivory-billed Woodpecker!
"61 Moments" is John Romano's new art and travel book.  From Paris to Dublin to Amsterdam, follow John's 1997 journey redux.
The Jungle Journals: A limited edition hand-made artist book and publication based upon experiences with Amazonian plant medicine.
A glossy full color publication about my art. Tattoos, Sketches, Graphics, and Paintings. How I approach my work in detail!
Teaching The young and old--to make paper mache-and to think out side the box-to learn to make bigger items-but starting with the small
We need your help to continue being a part of the literary and artistic community we love.
Exploration into the creative process and the practical lessons it reveals. A guidebook to see the world from the creators perspective.
Ich habe vor etwa 20 Jahren das Buch "Die Ringstraße-als Wien zur Weltstadt wurde" geschrieben und möchte den Bestseller neu auflegen.
Discovering life in a new country though visual design - one handmade book for every season of the year at a time. 
The I Ching Solagrams, included with I Ching of the Great Mother, provide the easiest, most accessible way to use the I Ching.
Boulder: Yesterday & Today is a historical retrospective delivered as an eBook, Limited Edition Fine Art Book and Documentary Film
A special edition of the previous "The biggest man in the world" book. 1 unique volume: 32 illustrators + 32 translators
An illuminated Gospel of Mark: Using your images to show the story
Bujinkan in B&W explores lessons of Dr. Masaaki Hatsumi the man, the ninja master, and his martial art through the eyes of his students
The Art of Man is the first (and only) publication dedicated to contemporary and classical artists that focus on the male figure.
A colouring book for grown ups, promoting mindfulness and creativity for people going through cancer or other difficult life challenge.
Best of my works of Pen&Ink, Pencil & Charcoal illustration combined together into one high quality volume.
The 9 Seels “The First Thought Astronaut” Project 1
 9 Large Scale Canvas Paintings 24x36 6 Minor Paintings Per Chapter
www.the968.com
Here is one EPIC Art Book written by Top Industry Pros & Truly Amazing Artists that will take you to the top of your creative career
JustPirez! Magazine is a zine created to showcase independent and emerging talent throughout fashion, art, photography and design.
I need funds in order to publish a coloring book through Amazon Create Space with design services. Make my dream come true!
"New Orleans Pops Up" features Jamie's favorite haunts, restaurants, and sites. It is loaded with his whimsical colorful art in 3D.
Illustrations of Machine Architecture
Students and lecturers from Oxford Brookes seek to publish book showing art work produced in segregated communities in Greater Paris
This is a illustrated book where in each image is a story with in itself
The world's best illustrators interpret rock songs by major songwriters from Dylan and Lennon to Sting and Zappa.
A much-needed reference book for interior designers, students, and just about anybody who is looking for a sofa, chair or roundabout!
The Adult Coloring Book Series contains three elegant, beautiful, slightly spicy coloring books for both straight and gay adults.
Rock Steady is the first manga about Rock. Rock Steady is an action/adventure manga, join us on this extraordinary journey
A contemplation of Nature. Containing vivid views of the collapse of our environment.
26 of the world's best illustrators apply their unique visions to the world's most interesting and eccentric legendary monsters.
120+ page hardcover book presenting 20 years of Kaiju Big Battel posters. With art by Tristan Eaton, Frank Kozik, Brian Wood and more.
A creative and meditative way to reflect upon gender stereotypes and alternative gender identities through Nordic works of art
"How To Know Where You're Not Wanted in the French Quarter" will be a conglomeration of photos of creative courtyard security fences.
All photos were taken at Restoration Farm. My goal is to inspire you to go for your dream or to find comfort and be encouraged.
A book, which is a lamentation on war, makes correlations between past and present injustices through poetry and artwork.
Compilation of interviews, artwork, and more about strong, inspiring, creative women who believe in empowerment. Based in Toronto.
Life is Pawfect - a book filled with amazing themed animal portraits & witty phrases by acclaimed animal photographer, The Pawtographer
Publishing Project Collection of postcards '95-'2  re:travel&ideas in artful way @ page transcribed card, end w book signing & art show
I spent almost traveling and photographing abandoned schools around Indiana to show case the beauty in education and abandonment.
Have you ever felt so passionate about something that you'd be willing to permanently tattoo it on your skin?  These people have!!
I want to create a book of aerial images of the Pacific Coast Highway and the towns that connect along this beautiful route.
I'm illustrating and writing a graphic novel about my struggle living with mental illness to raise awareness and hope.
Support and Fund a Photographic Conceptual Art Book Portraying  Women Who Are Survivors as Ethereal Dragonflies
Daughter (in spirit) of the Beats heads west.
We would like to print and advertise it this book.
Fierce and Fluffy! Adorable and Rotten! Cute and Gross! A 50 page coloring/activity book filled with loveable undead forest critters.
A fun Halloween coloring book - with 31 illustrations of spooky & ghoulish fun in a fine art coloring book for adults!
An Art & Photography Paperback/Hardbound, & eBook 'Coffee' Table Book on a New Breed of Canine Dog.
Allow your child to go on adventures of their own with-"The Magic Blanket" set- including the book,  blanket &  markers.
This is a photographic coffee table book of my interpretation of sin, virtue and my addition, the indulgences.
A book, inviting you on a journey to explore a universe of wonderful and crazy designs based on the portfolio of a professional dreamer
Want to know how you will feel about that tattoo when your old?  I want to collect interviews/photos of those who are already there!
Create a full color 100+ page book showcasing the horror community and the conventions and attractions they love!
Here today, gone in an instant—street & graffiti art, the artists, and their process—captured and preserved from a unique perspective.
An original guide to Gemsonas created in the style of Steven Universe. The book will include original art, and designs by Thornguard.
Color Ink Book is the original DIY, lowbrow art periodical featuring 10-12 artists and over 100 pages of black & white art per issue.
This is a step by step book I"m writing of painting wildlife and domestic animals.Complete with photos of the steps and color basics.
Artist Thom Ricks journals, field notes, sketches and watercolors from three years of travels to Umbria, Italy
This is a compilation of over 50 pieces of original full color art inspired by my rebuilding work in New Orleans.
I am raising money to complete my baseball uniform book project.  I have been funding the project myself for 4 years.
Presenting a fantastic Photo Book about Food and Fine Arts
I want to show the world that the dogs that run the Iditarod as amazing athletes, beautiful in form and heart.
Transforming everyday people into interactive works of art with infinite possibilities and unlimited creativity.
Eproms and Logic.
The Pregnant Husband is a one-of-a-kind, humorous, illustrated look at what the husband should know and expect while he's expecting.
My project is to combine my watercolors, pen & ink drawings and poetry into a perfectly bound, 5 1/2" x 8 1/2 perfectly bound book.
A six month journey through all 50 states, photographing a feminist in each one, cumulating in a photo book.
If you like Aphrodite, Perfume, Knights, Castles, the Apostle Paul Animals, or all of the above. You'll love this photographic journey!
CAT-SCANS (TM) is the first art book to (gently) place a variety of rescue cats on flatbed scanners to create high art.
This collaborative art book will feature over 40 artists and over 100 pages of full-color art of endangered birds from the world over.
A limited edition book that collects Uni & Chloe Zola Volcano's interviews with artists and writers on shitmycatsread.com.
Take a journey through Brooklyn neighborhoods with my collection of photographs, old postcards and trivia.
The perfect coffee art book for your coffee table. I use ink & coffee to make gritty art that is inspired by tough female rock stars.
The gore and glory of the ZOMBIE WALK OF FAME book includes 101 stars from the Hollywood Walk of Fame as zombies! All hand-illustrated!
publish a catalog with my artwork
'You are Creative' is a book for adults and kids that encourages creativity in everyone. See what our online community came up with!!
The "Strips" Project.  A fine-art photography project showcasing the female form
Getting some poems illustrated and published to produce a book that everyone can enjoy.
This book celebrates the Artist's residency as a Rite of passage and expression of the RIGHT to choose one's own course of life.
A book of street photos taken and edited on the iPhone.
Infrared Photography provides a new and surreal way to see the world around us. Come see the midwest as you have never seen it before.
Everyone has a story to tell, even those without a home. I will travel the U.S., documenting the stories of those who feel forgotten.
We're Disneyland fans creating a book to commemorate the 60th Diamond Anniversary of the park.
Keely Ambrose presents her first book. A work of poetry, wisdom, and art.
a cookbook sharing two things I love the most; art and cooking. All are my own creations
Aiming to gather and publish a collection of my art from the past 4 years, from finished pieces, to sketches, photographs and more.
This book reveals the artist’s creative process through the use of thumbnails, final drawings, color studies and photo reference.
We are OffTheRails, a photography based print and digital magazine, showcasing a global selection of artists on their worst behaviour.
I aim to proliferate my art on coffee tables everywhere.  I will photograph my body of work and publish it in a professionally bound book format.
EyELands is a coffee table book to illustrate the marvel and miracle of the human eye combining beautiful landscapes and eyes
Publishing a book of photographs on the people living in the United Arab Emirates.
Photo biography of 680 pages on the life and work of Mahatma Gandhi with 1281 unique colourized photographs - never published before!
They say coloring books help calm the anxious soul. Give it a try with this world traveler coloring book!
College fraternities provide some of the most lasting memories in a lifetime. We hope that we can preserve them with this project.
Our "Steampunk Guide to Hunting Monsters" combines stunning fashion design, photography, and great literature in one book.
Help create a reddit inspired coloring book.
A collaborative effort from three Bay Area artists, presenting their unique experiences through photography in Mexico.
A humorous & educational coloring book for the whole family, depicting famous disappointing moments from the U of U Football team.
Art/design book documenting the explosive Pop-Up business scene & the creative minds behind trailer-based cafes, shops & galleries
Everyone can make art, but will anyone ever see it? Anyone can be a part of Loosey Goosey where everyone will see it.
A Waiting Room Coffee Table Maze Book to calm the impatience of waiting.  Designed for all ages. Solidly LAMINATED 5mil.
You could aid me to finish, to publish my FIRST, e-book, a collection of my gag and editorial cartoons.
Life Iz Colorful, a colorful book of art and reflective poems that captures moments and lessons learned in life.
Après le succès de la première édition Feng Shui By Mylène Objectif 1000 exemplaires
Limited Original Artworks. Illustrations and art book printing (500pcs), Poster Printing (2000 pcs) - Digital tablet version.
Fine art + coffee table hardcover book of the people I've observed and places I've visited over the past 365 days along the East Coast.
A fun, light, non-sommelier-type wine-pairing book for those who don't know what to drink with their pumpkin spice cake, brunch, etc.
In the spirit of the hilarious Obama/Biden social media memes, the Prez & VP plan their Exit Strategy in this photo-filled humor book!
The book catalogues the process of an idea to repurpose discarded Solar Plates into new original artworks and showcases the results
Based on Poe's stories, I look to print elaborate illustrations into a hardcover collection and screen printed apparel
Autumn Abstract photos from over 50 Photographers around the world. The book includes the Winner's Circle & reviews from photographers
As a freehand pen and ink artist, I have never been great with color (as much as I want to) so I will leave the coloring up to you!
iPhone and Android users around the world submit macro (very-up-close) photos to be published in a photo book I've designed!
Color Me is a coloring and activity book starring you (and some other people you probably don't know).
A limited edition catalog of amazing projects from around the globe that bring people together, cross cultures and jump political divides.
limited print of my funny humorous storybook.  Definitely a conversation piece for a coffee table.
A portrait book showing the diversity of fans of the Zombie genre!
A handmade coloring book full of love in time for Valentine's. Locally printed & spiral bound for easy access coloring on every page!
This book is  designed to crystallize the artistic visions of  aspiring artists by  seasoned master of art Christina De Musee.
Graffiti artist are highly unrecognized. I am trying to produce an art book that will spotlight these highly creative artist.
Art is political. Art can be dangerous. Art also can heal the wounds of a divided society.
The “Men-are-Trouble” Book of ABCs is a grown-up ABC book about love gone bad. There are 26 very funny but doomed relationships.
Stunning large format, fine art book showcasing the exquisite beauty and amazing diversity of hummingbirds.
Photos of families in war and peace. I see a great opportunity to show how simply sharing tea and coffee unites us all.
Maze drawings on transparency & photo paper pages by Native American artist Brandon Bennett
Book with Torah inspired illustrations by Evgeniy Roytman reflects Jewish traditions and has the power to lift spirits.
7 Artists  /   14 days in Egypt ••••••••
7 Outlooks  /  
1 Outcome
The story of the world’s newest country, South Sudan, in the words and photos of its people, the displaced refugees returning home.
High Quality Color Art, reproductions of original paintings by Richard Warburg, limited edition print run.
This series of books is designed to introduce people to new invention product ideas for anyone to patent and create themselves.
Late Nite Doodles Vol. 2.  The exciting follow-up to our 5/5 Star Rated Vol. 1 coloring book.
The Child's Eye will be an art book filled with wonderful images produced by the most insightful and creative of us all - our children!
"In Process:" is the evolution of creating a fashion collection from idea to development to fruition; Intimately through a sketchbook.
A couple's hike of the El Camino De Santiago as seen through a camera lens. A vision of passion & tradition told through art.
The Anti-Filter Photobook, is exactly just that, a photobook illustrating pictures with that beautiful retro look without fake filters.
Swearing can be therapeutic! Really, it's a $&%@ing good stress reliever. So is coloring - why not combine the two!
cooking + photographing Mr. Potato Head ~ exploring American culture + relationships with food
From comic art to graphic design. Sci-fi to romance to horror. It's all here.
Through the eyes of an artist: 8.9 to 10
Expressions about Japan post March 11, 2011
A 10,000 Mile, 100 Day Photographic Tour and Road Guide of America's Lost Highways. This Is Not Your Usual Travel Guide!
A collection of sights and sounds from America's least visited National Park. A multi-media package from this unique national treasure.
A photo book that addresses the right of privacy vs. the right to see, and the desire to take pictures vs. the fear of being caught.
this is a book documenting the lives and history of  New York Hip Hop dancers. this includes bboys poppers,lockers and freesyle dancers
Documenting the gentrification of Queens, the first issue of ONE OF ONE warns of a bleak future.
Ever wonder what becomes of your clothes after you donate them? I do. This is that story. 100% illustrated life cycle of a dress.
Inspirational, hand-drawn coloring books with guided meditations for adults and children to reconnect with the stillness within.
Coffee table book in 3 volumes featuring global artists of all disciplines nude in their workspace surrounded by their creations.
80 pages of Coloring, Bad Libbs, Limericks, Word Scrambles, Crazy Codes, Commonly Confused Words, Haiku, Word Finds and so much more!!
Someone Editions publishes limited-edition letterpress collage prints by Ludwig Zeller, in handmade folios.
The stories in this book bring to life the whispered stories and forgotten secrets of the darkest recesses in the Texas psyche.
a zine about how to get through/deal/process/accept self-sabotage & how it leads to loneliness/depression/feelings of inadequacy
A3 sized book filled with scribble from 1-3 year olds for you to test your imagination and see what you can draw from the scribble!
Unique & imaginative pieces within a beautifully designed & published digital & print mag, for artists to promote their work globally.
Publicar un libro que le de una imágen positiva a Ciudad Juárez / Publish a book that gives Ciudad Juárez a positive image.
Support this fun Pin-Up coloring book for adults by James Courtney!
I am printing a really, really BIG Novel just because it would be fun to do so. Want in?
A softcover art book highlighting the intimate and expressive art of the convention sketch. 50 artists. 50 sketches.
I wish to empower creative abilities inherent in every human being. By simplifying the process, anyone can accomplish the magnificent.
Art/Reference book I've been trying to get going for a while now hopefully with all your pledges I can get this project off the ground!
A unique photographic celebration of Guatemalan tradition, and universal spirit: Visions of Holy Week (Visiones de Semana Santa)!
TSOS: Series is a set of stories surrounding each individual characters journey through trials, and tribulations to find solace.
Experience "Feliz Dia de los Muertos" in art and word, through unique celebrational Masks!
A story of loss for adults that can be shared with a grieving child to help with the healing process. A journey towards light and hope.
BE IN THE BOOK- Please watch the video - Press Play.  Back and please share. Be THE..
(Backer Who Built That Sh*t!)
Enjoy these original century old Valentine's Postcard Prints, front and back, from the collections of archivist Kenneth Abramowitz.
--My Mother Died of a Broken Heart--
A 200-page book of mind-boggling conceptual art
A book of vivid and emotive artwork, poems and writings of a young artist, Eugenia Nesterova.
SWAG & COLOR BOOKS ARE COLORING AND DOODLE BOOKS BASED ON SEVERAL ICONIC IMAGES FROM POP CULTURE, MUSICIANS, ARTISTS, AND FASHION.
Just a couple of artists out to change the world one young mind at a time.
The Book is  ONE of A KIND.Unique.  Statements. Premiere Couture Designs of Men & Women. Fantasy. Beauty and the Work Of Art...
Images in my mind put there by harmonic resonance spoken from single words compiled into one inspirational book.
A book of images of pregnant dancers, contemplating the transition to new motherhood.  A copy for you if you donate!
A visual journey of life's rhythms and pivotal moments. Paintings, gallery show(s),  and coffee table book are the end result.
Exposing the world of weird and interesting things people continue to do out of passion and hunger for life.
We would like to officially launch our newly printed edition of Raine Magazine, with exciting interactive technology! 
Abandoned villages, ancient archaeological sites, a sweeping mountainous landscape: Iraqi Kurdistan has never been revealed until now.
A project to create a modern day portfolio in the form of hard back, glossy books of various categories.
My cat has the tendency to sit in odd spots.
I find this really funny, and I think you would too.
Help me make Noun Kitty into a book!
VITRINE: a printed museum that will challenge traditional notions of institutional authority and the high/low culture dialectic.
A publication for Underscene Artists from Skateboarding, Design, Photography, Music, Graffiti and Dance.  Help support local talents!
Coffee Table Photography Book will Focus on the 1959 Barbie doll as an object of Fine Art. Her faces and fashions  from 1959-1969.
Help me publish an artistic whitewater action photography coffee table book.
A new book featuring the photography of Greg Preston highlighting the creators behind today's best contemporary fantastic art.
To organize, digitize and present a large portfolio of fine art into a high-quality printed catalog as a critical-path first step.
The Pale Man is an illustrated short story. It takes place in the middle of the Pacific Ocean, on the floating slum of New New Delhi.
The first book, of hopefully many, that will showcase not only the work, but my evolution as an artist over the past decade.
The project will consist of the publication of a hardbound, limited edition book of the graphic scores of Bil Smith Composer.
MeGa World Paper Dolls are paper doll activity books that use a new and patented method of dressing paper dolls free of tabs.
Cute dog tours California to make people smile. The project is a hardcover photo book.
Immortal Prosperity is a premium, highly detailed coloring book featuring dragons and phoenixes. It is designed for people of all ages.
A 9" X 12" faux leather HC in matching slip case containing 170+ prints of original art never before published.
USING ART THERAPY TO MAKE A DIFFERENCE!
Pieces for the beginner and early intermediate piano student.
Shtick People: Discover a new take on the classic stick figure!  Original Artwork & Expressive Verse will dazzle and delight all ages.
A fully illustrated, poetic, Horror story book, inspired by The Seven Deadly Sins... It is as elegant, as it is grotesque!
"INJOYMAP" is an Endlessly Explanding  Artwork Isometric Tourist Route Map Collection, made on paper whitch is eco-friendly!
Hopefully, you will find merit in my eco-art picture book. If you do,it will allow me time to put 3 books together on endangered animal
A photographic, coffee table book-style, featuring portraits and essays of the men/women of the US Armed Forces that were there in 1968
Contemporary art with world reknown masterpieces devoted to the realm of angels.
I believe that the fronts of our refrigerators hold our stories. What we choose to display is where our truth lies.
A book that celebrates The Grateful Dead by combining unique artwork, song lyrics and personal stories from Deadheads around the world.
An untold true Story of my time with the: Kalderash (Gypsies)
(they) is a local zine, amplifying intersectional voices in the Quad Cities and surrounding area.
This book is about the experiences we had on the tour. Each scene is complemented with the day between 1 and 169, the city and story.
An art book depicting famous death scenes as they might have appeared on the 'Harold Rex Interfectus Est' panel of the Bayeux Tapestry.
A comprehensive guide to the artwork and meanings of traditional and modern Polynesian tattoo. Illustrations, photographs and diagrams.
I'm creating a books of stories my grandmother told me growing up as a little gypsy girl story is that she saw and heard for herself
This is a photojournalistic book depicting simple face photographs of veterans from all eras and wars. Black and white images.
An photo/art book about people who use their hands to do extraordinary things and the hand/mind connection that makes it all possible.
Join me, the Boudoir Baker, as I bake my way through 30 of my most tantalizing recipes wearing my sexiest and most delicious lingerie.
Daisy wants me to publish her book, based on her journey, and the lessons she has learned. Life, in any form is a gift, live it to the fullest. 
Raising funds to cover production costs for creation of a commemorative book on the 75th Anniversary of the Sturgis Motorcycle Rally
Art album: 

TRIUMPH OF INDO-EUROPE
based on the concepts Azsakra Zarathustra. 

Sections: Paintings, Graphics, Illustrations.
Discovery of 10,000 cartoons on 30 years of "junk mail" that reveals the tales of Broccolihead, the cartoonists' apparent alter ego
"Three Days, No Options" is an art book of short stories inspired by real people in the same situation with photos of their journey.
Im a 18 year old artist, and I need your help to publish my first art book!
Sebastian Schug (and pen name Nicolas M. Parker) wish to publish and share digital books with children and young adult readers alike.
A book of inspiration with 50+ Full Color Pages of Hearts & Wings created from found objects.  Prints to be made from the book as well.
"Precious Waters" A photographic and musical tribute to rivers and one of our most precious resources; water!
A travellers guide to the terracotta temples of Bengal
This project is a panoramic documentation of the Southern California coast from the Mexico Border to Orange County in a book.
An Ancient Journey Unfolds on Paper.
UK based artist Julie Umerle is looking for funding to help publish her autobiography 'Art, Life and Everything'.
Finishing what I started in 1995 to build a digital art production studio that produces positive focused media.
Trump and Putin undergo sensitivity training. When their comfort animals eat the instructors, their next course is in adventure!
Micronesia  is known for its incredible variety of woven fans. This project would publish a book documenting their beauty and variety.
Photo book to for children to show the beauty of rural Texas and to inspire generations to take care of their environment.
90 days from today we should have a finished manuscript.  Funding covers costs to get to publication!
In this book, the artwork and philosophy of "never giving up on your dreams" is powerfully brought to life by illustrator, Jerry beck.
New manga company! Multilingual translations! High quality for cheap print! View the video!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lf1U4jVUHyc
Billy Travilla - See this designer's many icons in one amazing book. A rare glimpse at his film costumes, his fashion, his celebrities.
We want to publish an interactive iBook on the new SRT Viper. It will have all information, photography, HD video plus 3D models.
Roller Derby in a Pop-Up Book.  Roller Derby is about movement and action. What better way to present this sport than in a pop-up book!
The Lush Little Landscapes book shows you how to create inspiring miniature gardens, whether you're a beginner or expert.
Challenge yourself to find hidden objects in pictures of Buds, Bongs, and Beautiful Babes!!!
A numbered signed  book of original paintings and sculptures depicting artifacts from the world connecting art, faith, humanity.
In a new eBook the extraordinary story of Sargy Mann's life as  a painter.
A beautiful collection of personal sketches, inked pieces, and watercolor illustrations all inside one book.
Art Book dedicated to the illustrations and concept art of Tyler Edward Wilson
This book is going to be a fully illustrated work done by me of several tattoo projects from a paper sketch to a work of art on skin...
Artist Heather Theurer is putting together an art book loaded with amazing, fantastical paintings and is headed for the N.Y. Comic-Con.
Providing the Soldiers of the 119th ICTC a yearbook highlighting their preparation to deploy to Afghanistan.
Walk the  500 mile El Camino de Santiago de Compostela (The Way of St. James) photographing along the way and produce a photo book.
This short book will be filled with words and riddles, along with illustrations that will shed a new light to word expressions!
Unique Insiders Guide to exploring the beautiful wine regions of Argentina, 352 pages of spectacular photography, maps & introductions.
Survival Art for the young black youth
Before texts, there was mail--we're compiling and publishing a book of postcards from every era, collected from around the world.
This book captures how young people through the arts explore how they perceive themselves as citizens of Britain today
A story-book featuring retro styled photography accompanied by an original score (audio read-along).
We strive to encourage creativity by collecting pieces of art, photography, poetry and short stories.
Mystical Mermaids 3D adds a new dimension to Art Books. Featuring  Dani Mathers as Mermaid Aria plus other amazing models.
Many moons have been spent gathering real,and surreal details used to create a series of watercolor sketches. This...is the story.
Help IMA Publish a Makeup Book w/Student Makeup Artists. Book Sales will expand our facility & create jobs for IMA Makeup Artist Grads
Join us in bringing to light a collection of 70 works executed at Vkhutemas between 1920 & 1930 with an exhibition and a catalogue.
Livre photo père-fils sur la Havane, riche capitale politique et culturelle de Cuba, vous promettant plusieurs photos de qualité!
Well designed short interview booklet with a street musician who plays guitar and composes in New York City's Union Square.
Experience one of the greatest generals in history. Taught by Aristotle, he conquered one of the largest empires ever seen.
What if the biggest names in music and visual art could come together to tell you firsthand what they meant in their most popular work.
An illustrated mythopoeia and referential almanac of Peruvian myths and shamanic tribal customs.
(All woodcut or lino prints)
A Book of Photographs (Vol. I)
Publisher: Daylight Books
Distributor: Artbook/D.A.P.
An art book by an ex Mossad (Israel’s CIA) spy, a feast for the eyes and a journey into the darkest corners of the spy world. Join us.
Notre projet consiste à mettre en valeur le patrimoine culturel de St-Paul-de-la-Croix, ses légendes et l'artiste Georges Desmeules.
A coloring book for anyone who loves fairies and fun
Illuminated journal with reflections on surviving life's challenges and finding the joy in life.
This is limited-edition Coffee Table Book, featuring historical items: coins, banknotes, postage stamps and other documents.
Hardcover photographic book about the breathtaking inner world of the Shaolin Monastery and its many mysteries.
My quest is to learn what the hippie culture has meant, to those who embraced it and still embody it, and to society as a whole.
A collection of photographs and stories that represent a 20-year quest to record lost and forgotten cemeteries in the Southwest US.
The 2nd volume in this fine art series, a limited editor signed edition. It is a 9 X 12 hard cover. .gold embossed with slip case
A beautiful comic art inspired book with over 100 full page eye popping color photos and exclusive one-on-one interviews.
Raising funds to buy a Risograph printer
A summer  photoshoot trip leading to a photo book encompassing the amazing beaches and landscapes of Central and South Florida
I want to document all of Oregons' state parks in a high quality, large format photo book.
Bring The Book of Bartholomew to print!  Turn the interactive online storybook into a 12 story box-set illustrated by local artists!
Zombie Survival for Kids! :D
This book includes tutorials and painting walk-throughs, teaching some of my basic techniques for digital painting.
An original, compelling, loving, horrific story of what my daughter and I went through, and how God never stopped fighting for us.
'Martyr Talk'  is a lyrical poetry piece.  text, images, and a dvd.
Art book about unforgettably race car drivers.
Catchy quips to live by and brighten a tough day. This is an illustrated community book with other useful, bright, beautiful items!
A photographic exposé of young entrepreneurs in Kansas City. A self published highly designed 200 page book.
The Booke of Gargoyles and Garden Creatures, A Fanciful Fine Art Coloring Book for Adults, by Monica Richards. Follow-up to The Goddess
HEADS AND SHOULDERS: A hardback collection of caricatures by award-winning artist Paul Moyse. Foreword by Derren Brown.
Life in the Arts is the first publication of an annual series book, art show & luncheon benefiting regional art students and art lovers
ArtBook. a 100 page, perfect bound, full color 5" x 5" maglette, features the work of  local and inter/national visual artists
I would like to create a fun book of my best caricatures - plus several new, exclusive caricatures to share with everyone!
"Pinned-Up" is a special edition (only on Kickstarter) book featuring the latest modern hyper-real Pin-Up art from Chad Steingraber!
A unique adult colouring book. Each page is a different sweary  insult for you to colour ... Warning: Contains Very Strong Language!
A creative and fun collection of paintings, sculptures, art and writings that represent feelings from ones heart, all in a book form
For the first time ever the rise, rule and collapse of Nazism is presented through its visual media in its own image. Hatred as Art ...
Instant Gratification is a collection of highcastle's best instant photographs from 2010 to 2012
Want to publish a Photo book approx. 50 pages of the life of a ole' lady from the back of a motorcycle. Be a great coffee table book
Learn the top 15 reasons that Hillary should not be elected President  through games, puzzles, and fun pictures to color!
It's never too late to brush up on your ABCs! (Not suitable for children.)
A collaborate art/photography project that will inspire and empower mothers from all walks of life.
I would like to seek help and support to publish the book I made with copyright SR#1-1467762992 coming to amerika.
Why vegetables and chocolate? The short answers is because i want to eat more chocolate ;0) and second, it taste really good ;0)
82 designers and artists across 20 countries, leading the global recycling/upcycling movement.
Original tales blending art, spirituality and science to strengthen our connection to the earth and empower the readers. SELF GROWTH
In 2014 a 100 men, women and children were shot and killed in Kiev, Ukraine. Let the memory about them live on the pages of our book.
Socially awkward hero.that looks like a psychotic criminal in the eyes of the law mostly satire comedy,With some mature horror themes.
I am hoping to create a book of art about the human form that questions many of the unhealthy ideas that society has about the body.
A ZEN INSPIRED BOOK ABOUT INFINITY, BY OMNI INFINITY. LIKELY THE MOST IMPORTANT BOOK EVER. HONESTLY.
The beauty of fire, the beauty of the body.  We seek to narrate the transient beauty of flame as it races across the human body.
Donald Trump has been a fountain of outrageous quotes and verbiage. Collated, into one simple adult colouring book/coffee table book.
We are putting together a coffee table book featuring tattooed women of Colorado. It will be a 50 page, hard cover publication.
This is a book intended for men aged 18-30, is based around what is commonly known as a Milf. We have created the A,B,C's of Milf's.
Want to achieve "Christ consciousness"? How about detox from opiates? I did both when I was 14.
start arts maGAZINES FOR FRIENDS WHO
 ARE ARTISTS , PAINTERS, GENERAL PUBLIC   THAT IS  ONLINE AND IN PRINTS  FOR FREE
An illustrated book that identifies dickery behavior in our offices in hope to stomp it out forever!
En bok om att leva med den sällsynta sjukdomen Morbus Addison - en sjukdom som inte syns.
To become the best, you must learn from the best. It's a Career Building Book + an Advertising Headhunter App.
Do you have magazines next to your toilet? Ran out of toilet paper? The Last Ditch Effort will be a magazine printed on toilet paper.
A parody book of Kim K's "Selfish" containing shady tweets towards you or your friends with extra content from #Ratchet
Get your 2015 Calendar or 1 deck of poker sized playing cards with 52 life hacks! That's one hack for every week!!
Interactive software that allows both students and teachers to design electronic yearbooks that can incorporate both text and video.
Aiming to launch Colorado based magazine featuring photo sets from local alternative, freelance models and small business ads.
A coloring book comprised of original drawings of random creepy stuff
Everything is alive! Crayonpang brings your imagination to life making your content richer with augmented reality technology.
Over 25 artists have joined forces to share an art book with a fun, fresh, and diverse collection of visual development!
A collection of photos from the last 6 years.
Scorpion Dagger - Art Book by James Kerr
I'm Jon Pigeon. I'm making a book. Yep. For everyone aged 16+. And goats. Not badgers.
Large format, hard cover coffee table book about Nantucket. Showing the Island during all four seasons, over 200 stunning photographs.
A knee tickling experience with a picture book of words.
A different kind of Punk History book. Art, Stories, and artifacts from the early to mid-80's Denver Punk Scene.
I am looking to publish a 120 page book, approximately 70 images of my works on paper, made the years 1990 through 2000.
A photohistory detailing the rise, development and meaning of the  annual Krewe of Chewbacchus Mardi Gras parade in New Orleans.
Side B Magazine is for emerging artists, writers, musicians under thirty. 
We are making a book out of all the mishaps and miracles produced at the copy-shop residency known as workcentre 232.
Setting up some funding for an international photobook project
this are a series of portraits of the greatest tree on earth!
Your relationship is the centerpiece of your life.  Why not make it the center of your mindfulness practice?  A workbook to help you.
The buds of a tomato plant are as unique as the variety of tomato that they represent. In this book, I document their beauty and grace.
Creator of beautifully terrifying artwork with a strong vision wishes to publish a high-quality art book and share it with loved ones.
How did all those back issues of Mayfair, Hustler and Leg Show (almost never Playboy or Penthouse) make their way into the woods?
An over sized, art style book, which includes previously untold stories and unpublished photos, frame ready art and an audio component.
A quarterly photo journal feat. 5 ppl in hiphop culture, narrated in first person perspective by Ennis as she lives with each for 24hs.
Beautiful clothbound hardback art book & limited edition prints. A celebration of brevity & wonder of life in 37 artist's lithographs.
From Cunnilinguini to Pork Swords, Suck My Cookbook serves up saucy fun with tasty recipes and titillating pictures you can color.
An autobiographical account of the postmodern prodigal son on a journey through religion, philosophy, hallucinogens, and sorcery.
our team is making a manga
I am funding my many photos made into a coffee table book of nostalgic North Carolina "PARKED" cars and trucks. Art found anywhere...
The Rendering Project is the Illustrated Inspiration of the Next Great Generation. The Art of Leadership on the Platform of Creativity
Ivan Preissler, 1953 - 2002, expressed himself through the canvas. Help me share my friend's works with the world.
Becoming known for his extremely motivational one-liners. This book will portray all and more. (They don't want you to read this!)
To publish a high-quality coffee table art book depicting 72 of our favorite miniature rooms created by Eugene and Henry Kupjack
I'm making children's books out of my cut/paste art style. - link to  book website in progress - www.nealtaylorart.wix.com/buglove
Colors de emelle, a book and ebook of oil pastels by the artist/writer/musician/designer/ecologist/farmer/father/Homo sapien~emelle
A fully illustrated book about the the most powerful technology ever created that allows those who use it to live their every desire.
An opportunity to support and participate in the production of a new publication on the work of painter Jeffrey Dennis.
The Psychedelic Colouring Book - continuing the conversation around Psychedelics surrounded by an art extravaganza!
A humorous, illustrated guide to the many slang terms we use everyday (and some you don't hear so often).
I want to self publish a photography book on smoking. It's a vivid look into the lives of smokers as well as personal images.
Quizá el nobel sea demasiado, con cambiar el sistema actual a través de una serie de libros me conformaría
See how these two artists, Alixia(5) and Zoe(3), have developed their talents as artists in a very short time frame.
A rival to Kim Kardashian’s ‘Selfish’, featuring selfies of normal people. Goal; more sales than ‘Selfish’ = restore humanity...
This is the second zine from the ABUZE collective. It's the world as we've seen it. If you don't know, get to know.
Help us launch our 13th issue which explores identity through race relations, feminism, fashion, culture and sexuality.
A digital photo Gallery of 500+ Modern Stained Glass Windows not seen by the general public, produced by amazing artists for homeowners
'Painted into a Corner' is a photography book on street art, uncovering social dynamics of the political struggle in Caracas.
Human Anatomy Book with beautiful scientific, medical and anatomy ilustrations, mixing art and anatomy.Exclusive postcards and posters.
The Yearbook will be a collection of drawings, paintings and prints that babies and toddlers have made in our program.
Exit Press is a small DIY publisher. We aim to publish art books, zines and comics, using the most eco friendly methods possible.
A beautifully designed, inspirational Gift/Art Book featuring twenty fascinating faces (oil portraits) of women in the Old Testament.
Help us publish a sexy 4-volume, large scale, coffee table art book of original photos from 4 photographers featuring male models.
10 little pieces for piano beginners, students & music lovers. Sheet music, original composed scores and musical arrangements.
Extinct Fish Cookbook examines the history & future of our oceans and fish, fictionally and factually in futuristic art-cookbook form.
Photobook of the top 100 images from 2013 liked by the one million+ followers of the Beautiful Destinations Instagram account.
72 page hardcover Graffiti art work book for children & adults. This book is for learning the skills of Graffiti art taught by SEN One
A lavish gothic art book and playing cards deck featuring the dark romance of Angels and Vampires by Ian Daniels
Did Vincent van Gogh paint The Last Supper? This book will prove he did.
Art book based on Color Warz board games and miniatures. Illustrated by Max Berthelot, Kev DC (Gob'z'Heroes) and Gius.
Futuristic and surreal pin-ups, graffiti covered monsters and illustrated sequential madness! 120pages/Hardcover/8x10in
OUR VOICES - a book of original artwork, personal stories, and cultural traditions highlighting the beauty of diversity.
We have the book, the reviews are in, and it's AwEsOmE! But we need your help to grow and reach the WORLD!
Steampunk photography and art book for the masses. Lets get this most unique of alternative styles out there!
This is a digital magazine that includes: contemporary art, photography, writing, and more.
Surf Story is the greatest collection of art and surf stories from 200+ of the surf culture's most inspirational creatives and icons.
I want to take you on a Journey around my home country. Through funding I will create personal memories for each and every one of you!
PULP! is the new guard, an all-inclusive, interactive, social-networking studio.  We produce music, fiction, and art.
Adventure tale of two siblings who find an heirloom portrait of a Victorian ancestor and embark on a journey to uncover her identity.
This book of photographs will give a 360 look at the Occupy movement.  The point of this book is to display images from all sides.
This book is for, “When Life gets Crappy!” Like the old saying goes, “Take Lemons and make Lemonade" we take crap and make art.
This book has realistic and geometric designs all together for a great nature inspired coloring book. Nature untamed and unleashed!
3x Australian best seller- a history making journey of 18,000 cattle in drought conditions down The Long Paddock.
An absurd economy where net worth is accumulated without numbers, stored as gold on objects and required to be worn.
Do you want to know a secret?
Solve the mystery in Hey Jude the novel…Inspired by The Beatles.
Music is based on perception. It is waking us up from slumbering dream. Harmonies, scales, a new alphabet introduce a silent word.
a resource for art patrons, appreciators, art galleries, and other artists to find and connect with Martha's Vineyard artists
Keely Ambrose presents her first book.  A work of poetry, wisdom, and art.
I aim to produce a small run of photographic books, based on my current MA Fine Art project - Winter & Street.
TGJ is a magazine that will return to the roots of automotive photography and writing, where cars were handmade with beauty.
Poetry and artwork I made in my 20's (1990's). Raw and revealing. I was talked out of publishing the book at the time. I regret that.
Oracle Guidance Cards and Companion Booklet for encouraging Divination with GAIA:EARTH thru the Munay-Ki Tradition of Andean Mountains.
Unique art book created using new technique in digital mix media.
Inspiring kids from around the world to Imagine & create inventions and share their innovative ideas about the future of mobility.
the first book of many helping people find themselves thought meditation and harmonizing your own unique vibration
What's the one word that best describes you? Well now, when someone looks up that word, you will be right there looking back!
Children's book full of adventures, magic and fairy creatures. 
Pure and heroic story inspired by Scandinavian motives
I'm working on my second adult colouring book, filled with flowers, insects and pretty things!
An inspiring New York coffee table book with the most beautiful black and white photography, hints of color, quotes and tips in NY.
A book comprised of photographs and writing. A narrator encounters a variety of characters in Las Vegas, LA, San Francisco and beyond.
A simple collection of photographs collected at Bike shows and Bike Rallys, featuring Women who own and ride their own motorcycles.
I have captured and created many images and they have inspired me and now I want to inspire others by sharing them in an art book.
A full color how-to pamphlet that teaches hand applique, needle lace, embroidery, and hand quilting to create a luxurious bridal quilt.
We are hoping to create a colouring book from our unique and original designs including mandalas, sacred geometry and abstract pieces
A hand drawn adult colouring book made by dicks in support of dicks with all proceeds going to HIV education.
This is your chance to own an exclusive magazine filled with photographs taken by Austin Pruett.
A pictorial history of motoring in South Africa captured in over 2000 art quality photographs with a compelling informative narrative.
This Face to Face Book replaces fear and ignorance with understanding and empathy.  Making Real Friends in Real Life
Photography book exhibiting the fortunate lives who have been saved through organ donations.
The art issue of "stuff." The first in a series of the quintessential coffee table magazine featuring subjects you're interested in.
With your help Their Stories book will dissolve the 'single story'. 
A collection of inspirational stories from the people of Uganda.
A 2013 Pinup Calendar. Featuring Bike Dreams photos, original pinup themes which combine gorgeous ladies with awesome bikes.
Ever wondered what life would be like without that noise at all hours of the day and night.......
Coffee Table photography book;  the history of Greeley CO, surrounding areas; struggles, success, & people with old newspaper articles
An art book created by children with autism.
traveling | polaroids of 100 inspiring people | their personal Secret of Happiness | creating a book | share happiness
Save the Gingers is a beautiful fine art photography book of portraits of all natural redheads in a coffee table format for the masses.
Making a cute and funny book and other future products. That will put smiles on the faces of people all ages around the world.
Capturing the beautiful essence of woman across the world.  Our mission is to make inspiring models dreams come true.
I'm publishing a hard cover coffee table book of Britain's hottest male models. The book is aimed at female and gay/bisexual readers.
create & publish coffee table book of aroused male genitalia to be displayed at the Dirty Show, www.dirtyshow.org erotic art exhibition
This is an art book that was created out of the love for the culture of surfing by 13 year old Ethan Hazlett.
A picture book with a variety of content from poetry and pictures to stories and sketches, the message to find love and peace within.
What if the Aztecs won the war against the Spaniards? A wonderful illustrated tale for kids and adults.
Daily Paintings is a high-quality hardcover art book collecting the best of Piper Thibodeau's daily paintings from the past four years.
Publishing an English version of an award winning book about this great Icelandic Cobra artist. Will be printed by Oddi Printing.
Let's make the "Because of Them, We Can..." movement a permanent staple in every home!
Not only an ebook, a little piece of art and a joy for whoever loves old ships.
This book contains 2400+ frames of an 8mm colour film, shot on the 29 July 1965, featuring a 17 year old Freddie Mercury with friends.
Do you know Vincent van Goat? Or Amelia AirHeart? Then you must see DiSilvio's stunning new picture book, Meet My Famous Friends.
I would like to publish a book of rare, insane, over-the-top, bizarre VHS covers. Paperback, 200 color pages. Looking to raise $4k.
Recently, I went undercover on several online dating sites. This was the result.
Under ett år gjorde jag med hjälp från er min första utställning. Nu kan du snart stoppa den i bokhyllan.
Hello, I would like to create a book... an original photographic document to help preserve the aesthetics of Seattle Street Art.
Help me bring my sci-fi graphic novel to life and receive exclusive updates, a digital copy of the book, orignal art, or even a cameo.
An illustrated retrospective of the journey from African to African American using a collection of fine art engravings & photographs.
My project is writing and illustrating a childrens book using my little Red Vespa to be able to obtain..yes a red scooter. The world calls to me!!
Unique book revealing my discoveries in the Empty Quarter of Oman. Collection of travel writing, poetry, artwork and science!
This is a book of art and poetry that highlights the highs and lows of a young 20 something coming to terms with her bipolar.
Award-winning artists compete to have their art featured in the National Forests Passport Book depicting 9 Forest Regions of the US.
Joe DeVito's first Art Book and original King Kong novellas available in both Limited and Deluxe Editions.
Traveling to create a book of my photography! Help support my trip and buy a book! Also limited edition t-shirts and prints for sale!
A world adventure to seek culture and inspiration through art. Putting a visual documentation of our journey into a book.
to be removed
A Coloring Book of Breathtaking Beauties
To Calm the Heart and Soul
An inspiring photo book about an unique Caucasus Expedition by two backpackers - Erna Gaspar (photographer) & Adrian Lorincz (writer).
So many brides want a country wedding, but where to start? Whether you want a barn or a tipi, this guide can help you plan your day.
BLK/MTL's Illustrated Works 100's of Hi-Res Pics ft. Custom Artist Carmine Diaz's popular Paintings packed into 1 Coffee table Art Book
A stunning, limited-edition photography book displaying the colorful and exotic marine life in the waters along the Channel Islands
For the publication of my first 3 books: an Art book, a graphic novel, and a coloring book
I've been putting together a portfolio of fine abstract photography of the highest quality, color, and design. A vision of beauty!
2 artists, 1 month, 1 laptop, minimum wage, plenty of coffee proving a transmedia production worth noticing doesn't need a million dollar budget.
'Compilation of visual and literary art through fine art photography, graphic art, and poetry.
Creating my 2nd book depicting the people and places in Brevard County w/current images + traveling to obtain new ones.
A journal that invites you to linger for 30 days and, through art, writing and photography, fill your life with more wonder
I'm looking to create a coloring book for adults that reflects the frustrations of dealing with people's rudeness.
Come help me fulfill my dreams. In turn, you will be helping yourself to a book filled with a wonderful story and great art.
Color in Bloom was created for you . Beautiful floral imagery from my flower adventures.
A Mother By Nature is a gift book for the world's best moms. Ready to ship for Mother's Day, 2015.
A Book of Magnificently Mind-Bending Scenarios to Test Your Values, Relationships, and Sense of Humor.
26 of the world's best illustrators apply their unique visions to the world's most interesting and eccentric monsters of legend.
Grand Canyon Memories is a prototype for a new series of National Park travel gift books that recaptures the memories of a park visit.
This Project brings out and perpetuates the sympathy and understanding of Human-to-Human, in the time of calamity and crises...
16-Page Chocolate Zine filled with rich, delectable illustrations
An amazing look at perfection of the male form. Featuring Jay Cutler, Lee Priest, Shawn Ray and more. Foreword by Arnold Schwarzenegger
NOTE: THIS PROJECT HAS BEEN RELAUNCHED AFTER AN ADJUSTMENT THE FUNDING GOAL (it has been lowered to $4000)
The first ever landscape and fine art photography magazine to really support photographers and readers. Made by photographers worldwide
A book of humorous illustrations based on English idioms and expressions.
The Journey will discover America through the photographers lens picturing well known and hidden beauties of the country.
We have sold out of our first printing and need more books soon.  This project is to raise funds to cover a second printing.
A book on American artist Ben Shahn's (1898-1969) politically charged, visually dynamic, monumental murals for the New Deal (1933-42)!!
Matthew's Mazes is funding it's first publication for international release.  The book will contain over 20 solvable Art Mazes!!!
A stunning, beautiful coffee table book that combines all the elements of a planner with the the boundless inspiration of an art book.
If Artists Ruled The World reminds me of times better lived, memories better spent, peace creating prosperity, and a much cleaner more colorful Earth.
Helping women find God's calling and act on it.
A storybook about a little girl, a lost scarf and very scary snowman, told with original oiling paintings and hand lettering.
Project Deleted
xo
High-quality pictures of Yoga poses, animals and objects they're named after, with basic instructions, philosophy, Chakras and more!
I relish the vibrant textures and colors of moss, kelp and beach windscapes. This Art Book brings them to life.
Photo reference book for tattooers and collectors portraying figures of classic Catholic iconography. A must for any tattoo library.
A  photography book showing off the beautiful night life around London.
An artbook dedicated to gathering and sharing stories through media of drawing and recording.
9"X12" H/C book with  leather-like cover + matching slip case. 160+ full color paintings of fabled lands and subjects 3500 #'d copies..
A unique art book for educators, showcasing animal photos/photo art, individualism and facts about animals in United States AZA Zoos.
Bring your storybooks AND coloring books to LIFE with our CONNECTED BOOKS.  A revolution in technology AND positive messaging for Kids!
Part graphic novel, part journal and all fact. This history and account of a college bound art student who exploded into addiction.
A horror fiction ART book featuring five novellas of the supernatural that pit ordinary people against extraordinary circumstances.
I will be writing a book about 3d printing and how anyone can make thousands by printing and selling 3d models. Tips, tricks and more.
Clean Your Plate is a collection of over 50 recipes featuring fresh, seasonal ingredients.
I want to restore and publish a large format book of unique wartime photos taken by my great-grandfather, during his time in WWI.
An art collection for Tokyo Ghoul, featuring 40 artists!
New documentary. photojournalism. street photography magazine. I want to help talented photographers reach a wider audience.
"Urban War" will be a book of poetry that forces readers to ask questions and provoke change through artistic expression.
Local Documents is a coffee table book honoring the talented musicians & artists I've had the privilege to work alongside for 25+yrs.
The Pale Man is an illustrated short story. It takes place in the middle of the Pacific Ocean, on the floating slum of New New Delhi.
O' Cruel Fate is the only illustrated guide providing you with the knowledge you need to prepare for any end of days scenario.
The first significant publication on the acclaimed artist Alexander Ney (Russian/American, b. 1939), by a preeminent publishing house.
Holly's collection of whimsical paintings and sketches explores technology's impact on romantic relationships and sexual identity.
A collection of art by John Herzog.
An art book documenting the unique profession of courtroom art, featuring O. J. Simpson, Richard Ramirez, Snoop Dogg and more.
A book that shares the fascinating stories and opinions of ten undocumented immigrants living in New York.
A fun coloring book full of abstract patterns that will bring out your creative side!
Making the official festival sketchbook for the second year. Sketching the people & events over 10 days of this wonderful festival.
I am a Toy Designer and Concept Artist looking to launch my 1st art book entitled "Don't wake up...you are about to start dreaming"
140 caricatures in ten months. A hardback, full colour collection of all new work, painted and sketched by me.
This is a very unique, dramatic & beautiful 9"by11" full color hardcover anthology of 250 enriching iconic religious oil paintings.
A quarterly photo journal feat. 5 ppl in hiphop culture, narrated in first person perspective by Ennis as she lives with each for 24hs
Printed entirely by letterpress, a fun book of fifty plus pages of fun, cheeky and (sometimes) thought provoking sayings.
Umma Gamma is a letter collage coloring book! Each page contains a unique hand-drawn letter jumble! Find all the words and have fun!
A colorful, visually inspiring book to encourage a new perspective to people who need one!
This 150-page full color 8.5"x11" art book chronicles the artistic journey of L Jamal Walton via 36 years of my artwork and design.
There were several unusual stories passed down through our family, and I intend to Chase down two of the most well known and romantic. 
A fun coloring book full of abstract patterns that will bring out your creative side!
This project will enable Karina Fay to publish her first Art book - Turn your Life into a Work of Art.
I'm creating a coffee table book featuring iPhone photography and to forward the iOS photography art form.
NYC so many people's favourite city. But how many people have actually been?
A 70-page hardcover exclusive book to discover outstanding artists, seen on Instagram. Written by emerging art experts in NYC.
A picture book for adults about practical and useful life lessons that are applicable at work.
Indie publishing and art press, dedicated to fine print and fine paper.  Celebrating the literary sacred anomaly.
I started collecting ideas for this book years ago. I finally have enough ideas to complete it. Just need funds to put it all together.
See Louisiana in a new way. Photos across Louisiana brought to life using AR.
A princess can save her prince too! Get your girl this coloring book!
Artist Christopher Shellhammer's artworks over the span of 30 years will be published in full color art book.
A storytelling photography book on the beauty of travelling from which all the net proceeds will be donated to WWF.
First ever hard copy book of chevrolet second generations caprices and chevrolet fifth generations impalas. accepting pre-orders now
Hillary-Anne and Lauren are riding their bikes from Austin to Chicago in order to make a book all about gals who love their bikes!
My Daily Sketchbook is your DIY daily sketch project. Chronicle the next year with an 8.5"x11" page devoted to every day.
From J.K. Rowling to Jack Ma, the Art of Failure is a book of art and story to motivate and inspire you.
I'm going on my first international adventure and putting together a book of the journey to Istanbul, Turkey.
art book
Collection of my latest paintings and written work. Includes interpretations, unpublished stories, sketches and "in progress" shots.
Detail photographs of Breasts and Chests. A book documenting details of the figure in public spaces of Paris, France
"Halloween and Spook Pinups" is decadent darkness and polite company exploring the most sinister holiday with lovely pinups.
Universal ancient philosophy.
Modern contemporary art.
Courageous and touching connection within.
Genuine, limited edition art album.
This is a book portraying human life through no other means than the various expressions shown on the faces of those around us.
Coloring  good- Zombies good- Zombie Coloring Book better :)
Also, it never hurts to have some nice tattoo designs laying about!
50 Things is a humor book poking fun at preconceived notions and misunderstood concepts in everyday life.
Most art books only show the finished art.  My book will display unique cubism art, thumbnail sketches, and Jazzée™ poems.
Gay Captions: non-copyrighted vintage illustrations paired with modern gay themed captions. Up next... The Book.
The Imperative of Beauty will be the first comprehensive book covering the life and career of this important American artist.
a series of 4 books based on the gospels from the bible with a poetic storyline and hundreds of watercolor illustrations.
`
Put your own color twist over 50 different animal drawings, EVEN YOUR OWN PET!
Front to Back is an independent publisher focusing on unrepresented artists and writers through submissions and found materials.
A secret martial art that includes diet, techniques, self defense, submissions, and combat tactics. A modernized form of ninjutsu.
Self publishing the coolest photo book of a 10,000 mile motorcycle photo trip. Help fund advertising and license book to other writers.
As the title suggests, this is a project featuring internationally known models and performers in dramatic outdoor settings.
This is story about the family, their international architect and the house they built together in the 1920s.
I will be publishing a hard cover coffee table book aimed at a straight female and gay/bisexual male audience with a 1000 print limit.
An illustrated story of Russia's president Mr PooTin.
This is a Rhyming story.. Kids book.. Fitz is Rhyming to himself and the Rungians are his ideas that he talks with..
I'm writing about the problems of social phobia and want the teenagers suffering from this and their parents heard me.
Danny is making a magical book that offers people hope, inspiration, & encouragement. Pledge support and claim your copy of this book!
My Little Red Wagon Garden kit is a hands on educational tool to help promote Literacy for all ages. It's an Educational FUNdraiser.
An art book filled with (mostly of women) full color images, sketches and comics from Chris Foulkes (daikkenaurora).
