The latest and greatest zine in the series Taking the Lane hones in on the emotional impact and impetus of bicycling.
A master's thesis project to explore the immense and largely undocumented fungal biodiversity of the rainforests of Madagascar.
Hi I'm Emma. At 29 I was diagnosed with Parkinsons. Help me raise the funds I need to self-publish my story 'Dropping The P Bomb.'
You're already spending plenty to take the Cicerone exams, get the Beer Scholar study guides to ensure that you crush the test!
A Canadian Infantry Platoon Commander's story in Sectors West and South of Croatia in 1993, including the Medak Pocket.
Journaling over 1,000 pages while in federal prison, I captured in writing a spiritual journey that began behind the razor wire.
Armchair Drummer is the book that will bring out the drummer in everyone. No note reading or drums required... rockin' guaranteed!
The book provides methodological approach which can be used by any country (Nigeria) to justify & jumpstart its national digital agenda
From rain forests to five star hotels, Gary Sizer (a.k.a. Green Giant) travels the world and wants to bring you along.
A huge 400 page omnibus of all my Whovian essays, with brand new essays on Season 6 - one fan's story of Nu Who phenomenon so far.
Electric bicycles are a great way to get around town and save money on gas. My book shows you how easy it is to build your own eBike.
Punk Like Me is an inside account of the original punk rock music scene in Hollywood,1977-1985. Written by Terry Graham.
Steve Katz's 137-episode memoir is both a shuffled life story and a travelog of 20th century alternative arts, lives, worlds, and ways.
1Bn more people in 10 years. World GDP X10 in 100 years.  Exponential tech, data, freedoms, health. Want to know more? Please support
Book on the search for the San Marcos, shipwrecked off the coast of Ireland in 1588 and the mysteries that have drawn men to find her.
A revolutionary digital mapping project of the Vilna Ghetto
Thats right "My Life As Julia Roberts…Snapshots Of A Life" is going on the road! The first book tour! With Author Liane Langford!
Valmont is a town with a fertile history and a vibrant community. We aim to capture the magic in our People's History of Valmont!
Join others to help create a world that is possible -- in your workplace, community and society!
Help launch a FREE guide that can help activists & community organizers leverage social media tools for change like never before.
From Slavery to Civil Rights:  A Journey Through Race Told Through The Stories of Unsung Heroes
A book about what you're eating and drinking & what you would need to do to work it off... to educate in a fun and realistic way.
The day I met Mohammed Atta, what he told me, and how my life effected our world.
A book about oft-ignored routines, affecting the everyday lives of people.
A non-fiction novel masterpiece! Tech is taking over the World little by little, victim by victim. Current & future generations @risk!
Research project and study of how the genealogy of varying and dominant beauty aesthetics have impacted monolithic, idealized beauty.
A Collective collection of Fans Memorabilia from around the world in one guide.
This book is very interesting.  It is dealing with the cause of bullying, the social implications and its global impact.
Research to address rural youth wellbeing deficit, using nature assets (horses) to promote increased physical activity & resilience.
"We hope you'll join us in our project that is sure to captivate your mind and heart..."
Writing the book on complete control - especially under pressure, using the mental toughness secrets used by elite spec ops soldiers.
Geography is simply a visible form of theology. Place and covenant are connected. Theology and the arts can help to root us in place.
Hot-wire a car. Pick a padlock. Override an elevator. An interesting and informative how-to book on hacking your surroundings.
I'm an artist that wants to write a book about my transcendence through life that lead to an emotional and spiritual awakening.
A Million Fireflies is a memoir by Mali Phonpadith. Extraordinary reviews! A powerful journey to touch more lives with an audio book.
Let's use stories to connect people across Rochester's neighborhoods and bring our community closer together.
There's always been confusion when it comes to understanding men and how we think in regards to women.This book answers those questions
An examination of Hinduism and Hindu temples in Vietnam following the reunification of North and South Vietnam in 1975.
6th-century sailors risked exposure to the bubonic plague; is there proof of medicinal plant use in this wreck's bilge mud?
This is a short book on growing ferns and other primitive plants in aqueous environments, including aquaria.
4 years ago my son was abducted and taken to Cambodia(he is ten ).The book tells of my campaign to bring him home.
Exploring changes in the American way of life and the similarities between Socialism and American democracy.
This book is a pop culture memoir that began as a collection of anecdotes of the obstacles I overcame while a wedding planner.
A guide through the estrogen minefield. An educational tool by which women can learn about the impact of estrogen on their health.
1st Atari ST Retro Book. Digital entrepreneurs review their demoscene past.
No one in this town will represent you.
How did you get through your adversity? A Magazine of user submitted biographies & pictures, inspired by Boxing Champ Freddy Jacks.
''Mom, you know why I quit college? Because I want to live a different life'' Traveling around the world, writing my book.
"Losing It All" is a self-help, non-fiction book I have written to help the 95 million Americans who are currently out of work.
Whether for belt tightening or dystopia, readily found ingredients--or slightly desparate ones--can be delicious!
Learn how to conquer the # 1 enemy of achievement. This book will outline a simple step by step plan on how to combat fear and win.
Paris has a thriving LGBT culture, but there hasn't been a gay Paris travel guide written since 1997. This guide happily fills that gap
We have created a graphically charged book on how to stop Climate Change. We just need your help to get it published!
Public New Arts is raising money to print the Exhibition Catalogue for the First Annual Public New Arts High School Art Exhibit 2011.
The language in which issues are voiced makes a difference in how they are perceived. This work weaves subjective voices into the law.
The true story of a man trying to find his true calling in life.
Visit the book website http://www.jetedthayer.com and view it as the work is developed.
A young man's journey towards a positive self-image. In this book of healing- fathers, sons and daughters can find restoration.
"When you determine what you want, you have made the most important decision of your life"
Content is ready.. Ebook is being prepared. ready to be published soon. Great chance to be part of this historic book.
Photo Essay Book by Surfing Magazine Founder. 
Join us in the Preservation of Action Sports Heritage.
Great books on classic video games. Baldur's Gate II, Metal Gear Solid, Bible Adventures, Spelunky, and World of Warcraft.
A compilation of essays by women in the tabletop games industry about past and current struggles and secrets & tips for new designers.
Matte Resist's first book explores advanced DIY projects from building shelves and fixing your bike to solar power and building musical instruments.
The lavishly illustrated, 20th Anniversary Edition of the ultimate, unofficial Madonna book—by a fan, for fans!
The fifth volume of feminist bike zine Taking the Lane. Inspiring essays and stories about our bikes & our bodies.
Essays, resources, and personal stories at the intersection of bicycling and women's health.
Help me print the personal photo album of a German officer in World War I. A thousand beautiful images from the trenches to the air.
A simple DIY guide to growing, storing, and making your own food, , no matter where you live.
Everything you ever wanted to know about roller derby between two covers.
After a dramatic accident, an old DC-3 tells her remarkable life story and wonders if she can still play a meaningful role in life...
A 'coffee table' book celebrating 30 years of Fighting Fantasy, the publishing phenomenon created by Steve Jackson and Ian Livingstone.
The digital publication of a unique archive of sermons Coffin preached while senior minister at Riverside Church, NYC from 1977-1987
It's time to update my 2005 book "Producing Open Source Software: How to Run a Successful Free Software Project". Help me do it right.
A collection of stories and vintage photos from one family’s adventure living in the West Texas desert in the 1950s.
Help publish the totally revised second edition of this guide to the wildlife of Saint Martin in the Lesser Antilles.
The Big Roundtable publishes stories that need to be told.
Girl meets Girl. Girl travels across country by train to be with Girl. Girl creates beautiful multimedia book along the way.
Discover the hidden parks of Paris with this historic, first-ever travel book published by Éditions L'improviste – Paris.
On the wandering path of discovery with Medeski Martin & Wood percussionist Billy Martin.
At the beginning, when someone asks if you are going to Santiago de Compostela you say: “Yes.” But, by Day 5, you answer: “I hope.”
Four years, three continents, a man on a bicycle – and a girl. Now this true story of love & adventure needs preparing for publication.
ME, FAKEGRIMLOCK, MAKE BOOK! IT FULL OF AWESOME WORDS AND ART!
The captivating story of how Michelangelo's David went from a block of marble to a life-like modern icon.
If you think you know yourself, think again. Raising a gay child will challenge your faith and teach you what you are truly made of.
The craft brewing of publishing. Fair trade. Very quaffable. New nonfiction at just-right lengths by emerging & award-winning writers.
Little Gems is a fascinating collection of folklore, customs, and pearls of wisdom for mothers-to-be.
University textbooks cost too much. So I've been writing my own - a critical thinking & logic book - to give to my students for free.
The 1st and only hardcover book in history about the Air Jordan sneakers (1-29) & brand .Practically every Air Jordan sneaker!
The stories behind the remaking of New York's most populous borough.
The book that combines real horse biomechanics with riding to empower everyone who's ever wanted to move in unison with their horse.
Editor Steph Routh and 23 co-contributors bring you ideas and stories on moving by bike, all from veteran bike movers.
An intimate & personal story of growing up with the blues in your bones. The life journey of Drink Small and his guitar Geraldine.
A 750 mile Buddhist pilgrimage & all the things that went wrong on the way. 
It ain't "Eat, Pray, Love," it's "Starve, Pray, Fight"
Hop in the Saddle is a guide to Portland's craft beer scene, by bike.
Explore STL through food! This guidebook's a culinary adventure from Farmers' Markets to Mexican Mercados - with tips and reviews.
Preserving China's history as it was lived by common people, by encouraging today's youth to interview their elders.
A unique insight into the stories and artistry of today's most pioneering indie game developers, delivered as a luxury hardcover book.
See what's happening in arts, music and culture in Brooklyn and beyond in Issue # 11, Print # 3 The Relationship Issue.
A team of artists, writers, and cartographers map out the hidden highways and folkways of food in the Upper Midwest.
Collection of articles, photos and recipes on the cultural history of Scandinavian beer & aquavit and Scandinavian-American heritage.
The weirdest things that have ever happened in the realm of life science. In book form.
Eat food? Excited by farming in a way that can build a good livelihood whilst restoring the soil & local community?
This poetry-infused memoir weaves together life's beauty and brokenness into a layered whole, like the notes of a minor chord.
Publishing the 'Wife in Space' blog as a collectable series of ebooks and limited edition paperbacks.
The book that will show the true account of Social Work from those on the frontline of practice all over the world.
A hugely important, yet not-well-known, stage director in the late 20th century.  I’ve detailed his professional journey. So let’s get the word out!
I'm creating a rock climbing guidebook for the best crags in Southern Ontario, complete with route photos, topos, and area drawings.
Are you looking for ways to optimise work/life balance? Frieda Gogelein & Joost Wouters share their way to integrate these two areas.
A beautiful look back on the amazing journey of a very American company that pioneered in so many ways.
A personal trainer who becomes an author to reveal her truth about fitness and health.
The history of Disney Television Animation, a rich history with the first volume focused on the first decade.
Herbert Peppard: The Eternal Man tells the true story of a 94-year-old WW2 veteran who was a member of the First Special Service Force
Learn how-to return to balance with this memoir and guidebook, introducing and orientating you to the mind-body-soul relationship.
The third in the landmark series detailing the making of the original Star Trek TV Series.
A book to tell the story of who I was (LIGHTS), how I sustained a serious brain injury (COMA), and my strong recovery (ACTION!).
The first-ever printed guidebook to New Hampshire's Queen City.
Modern day, coming of age, rose from concrete story of finding purpose and defying odds; infused with hope, comedy and inspiration.
KAMALA SPEAKS is a WWE main event wrestler autobiography ~an inspirational story of overcoming obstacles & losing both legs to diabetes
Much more than just a cook book. The ultimate time saving guide to simplify your life, eat mindfully and feel amazing every day!
This PREMIUM faux-leather planner will guide you in setting & accomplishing your #1 goal in 100 days. Begin YOUR journey to freedom!
A smart, funny, true tale of  love, life and politics at strife-torn Cornell  University in the 1960s.
The inspiring autobiography of the late Minda Lazarov who defeated cancer five times and survived two brain tumors.
Help bring Masanori Murakami, the first Japanese Major Leaguer, to the U.S. and celebrate the release of his biography with him
Tireless worker for peace, justice, and a nuclear-free future, Frances Crowe reviews her life dedicated to ending war and weapons.
'Being born blind in one eye wasn't the weirdest thing to happen to me...'
A book to show that astronomy can save the world through a shared interest & engaging learning experience; emancipation via education.
Living Wellness for Growth Groups will empower you to nourish your mind, body, and spirit. You are made for more than mediocre!
A (funny) illustrated guide to camping with your horse
I'll expand my Playboy eSports article into a much bigger story, an experience! Stretch Goals? Chapters, videos, music, comics, & more!
The Zen of Beard Trimming: Stories of Punk Rock, Poverty, and the Search For Peace by C.J. Campbell
Art of the Christian Ninja is more than a devotional book. It's a partnership between art and writing, meditation and practice.
Volume 1: Value
Relieve the weight of social anxiety by formalizing all communication. Fill out a page, hand it off, avoid eye contact.
This is the biography of one woman's incredible recovery from a traumatic brain injury after being hit by a drunk driver.
Get reinvigorated about work, life and everything in between with this book-boost.
Part art project, part reference book, THE PERSONALITIES PROJECT is an in-depth artistic study of over 78 human personality types.
Support Creative Collaboration: Help us raise the funds to create an Audiobook of Dr. Diana Pavlac Glyer's new book BANDERSNATCH.
Mystical teachings of the Hebrew Letters provide inspiration and guidance in a new edition of this well-loved book and card set.
Expanding your mind, your dreams, your universe.
We're publishing YA page-turners from America's hidden history. They're not just for kids!
A collection of stories, verse, and teachings for embracing life's ups and downs to live your best life now. First printing, Hardcover.
A beautiful hardback book telling the story of growing up in the 1980s, when a Commodore 64 was the centre of our world...
Stories from street children served by Street Girls Aid Ghana…will inspire, inform, and teach. Share globally; impact generations.
"Take Your Mat and Go Home" is the pilot project from Room 908 Ministries; written to share our story and to help encourage others.
Help publish this special needs travel guide for families with autism; because the magic is for everyone!
This book will show you how to attract your ideal client and get them to buy from you again and again without ever selling.
Un travail de recherche collectif en hommage à Quentin Mourier 
// A collective research in tribute to Quentin Mourier
The most official unofficial guide there is to becoming a princess, pirate, superhero or other birthday party entertainer!
Be among the first to receive the 2 books that will help you understand the Blockchain and its impact on you, and on your business.
I will produce an 8 session video course on Lewis' book Letters to Malcolm from his home and locations in Oxford, England.
Collaboration of writers and artists to create 'The Body Horror Book' and to support Epilepsy Action Australia.
A poet’s memoir about insomnia, prescription drugs and the unforgettable love for a little boy with Down Syndrome.
Hjälp oss att digitalisera och återuppväcka den svenska allmogens frihetliga folkarv - och bevara det för framtida generationer.
How a Ph.D. in literature came to write Arizona for Dummies, disrobe on a magazine assignment to a nudist resort, and have a blast!
20/20: A Clear Vision for Our Future is a book of common-sense discoveries presented in a style readers can readily identify with.
South Asian American stories are not taught in classrooms, found in textbooks, or reflected in popular media. We can change that.
From Paradroid to Pinball Dreams. Andrew Hewson shares experiences & insights from his pioneering videogames career in this new book.
Ellos no necesitan tanto tiempo para aprovechar la vida, aprende a disfrutar con ellos y no tengas miedo cuando llegue su hora.
What does it take inside and out to compete in karate with world-class athletes? Follow our mother-daughter journey to find out!
Our family's journey living with and fighting incurable Stage 4 cancer and how we defeated it with family, friends, faith, and food.
The first research based book on the almost extinct system of Reiki that most modern systems of Reiki have derived from.
Chronicling the lives and rituals of Cambodia's sorcerers and mystics, from every corner of the kingdom.
Writing a biography/artist monograph about my father, Joe Schactman, using his notebooks, letters & interviews with friends and family.
Lisa pregnant & dying of cancer. Our two daughters about to lose Mom.  Lisa's Mom dying of cancer. I kept a journal. This is our story.
The radical center is where we explore common interests rather than argue our differences. This is the story of its start in the West.
Create high quality video without paying high prices for production in this step-by-step guide to video marketing from Meg Le Vu.
A writer's and word lover's categorized guide to street slang from the 1600s to the 1800s.
An all-out inspirational rollercoaster which will make you reconsider life, its brevity, and its purpose.
Scattered thoughts on the action figure marketing of the eighties. This 48-page hardcover book talks about comics, catalogs, and more.
Ready for a wild adventure? Have fun as you read and race around the globe to create the coolest community around your travelling book.
Cancer can be funny? Find out. Help me raise $$ to publish my prostate cancer story featuring my brother's amazing cartoons.
A collection of personal short stories about some amazing people, how they are able to do the seemingly impossible and conquer fear.
Documenting 20 years worth of pop from the Spice Girls―group & solo!
This business book tells the truth about doing business in the digital age. It is a highly visual, fast, fun relevant & empowering read
"Cubs 100: A Century at Wrigley" celebrates 100 years of baseball's greatest marriage with stories from those who know it best.
The first hand account of a soldier injured so gravely that they told him he may never walk again, and how he overcame against all odds
Proyecto colaborativo sin ánimo de lucro para traducir y reeditar la obra "Operación Caballo de Troya" de John Keel.
"Je kunt veel meer dan je denkt." ~ Ontdek je ongekende vermogens met De Piramide van Inzicht®.
The true story of a woman whose incredible mindset, positive upbringing, and faith have helped her to survive and thrive
We want to record America’s diners in print. We hope you’ll be a part of it.
A comparative biographical story focused on two sides of an 1870s American marriage debate during the early women's rights movement
Vague Direction is a book about a 12,000 mile bike ride. It explores life through a mix of stories, people & takeaways from the road.
A book about mastering the art of change — how to change habits & deal with life changes, frustrations with others, and more.
Publishing the 'Wife in Space' blog as a series of collectable ebooks and limited edition paperbacks.
A fresh and fascinating account of Alexander Hamilton’s origins, youth, and indispensable services during the American Revolution.
This book has instructions for 30+ projects you can make to help meet your child's sensory needs. Great for kids with autism, ADHD etc.
The hosts of Now Playing leap from podcast to page with 100 reviews of underrated movies you'll love.
I write stories for strangers in the street with a typewriter. This is a book of those stories, with tales of their origins.
The book for every public servant wanting to take the leap & launch their own business. Advice plus stories from people who've done it.
Linked personal essays exploring how photographs are braided into our private and public life. 250 pages, illustrated with 60 images.
The long-awaited biography of Ronnie Lee, founder of the Animal Liberation Front.
Support the commissioning of over a hundred beautiful scientific illustrations.
ROMANTIC VIOLENCE: Memoirs of an American Skinhead is a poignant memoir written by a former neo-Nazi leader turned peace advocate.
Alone Rewinding is a book and an album. They both tell the story of my last 20-ish years raising my daughter and making music.
The Storyteller's Dictionary is the perfect resource for writers, designers, and wordsmiths of all stripes.
A story about our family's encounter with psychiatry, med-free recovery, and a vision for optimizing children's mental health.
How I accidentally made a desert phone booth world famous, and the consequences its fame held for me, others, and the booth itself.
Conversations and essays unearthing the many surprising worlds explored by the UK music-press from the 1960s-80s
The Enciclopedia Deiknumena is an idiosyncratic bilingual toy theater encyclopedia published every three months in 50 volumes.
Marie Porter returns to craft the kind of Canadian cookbook that could only be written by a Canadian living “away”...
A step-by-step guide to mastering productivity, discipline and focus in 100 days!
The Untold Story of the Falklands War - A book they said couldn't be written.. about a Battle they say never happened.
Learn the basics (and more importantly, the shortcuts!) of design. For programmers, hackers, marketers, and non-designers.
The Keepers of the Sand: A Waikiki Beachboy's Story is the personal memoir of Barry "Nappy" Napoleon.
For the freelancers that are independent by choice! A book about success, mindfulness, purpose, money and travel.
Help us publish print versions of our latest books, so we can offer PDF versions free of charge forever.
A collection of reporting on type, printing, and punctuation by Glenn Fleishman, letterpress printed by him in a limited edition book.
Persian Fire and Steel: Historical Firearms of Iran is a study of the history of the creation and use of guns and artillery in Persia.
Developer relations is on the rise. What is it and where did it start? How can your business use it effectively? Learn this and more.
A detailed history behind the crests of the 47 clubs to have graced the Premier League, represented by designers who support them.
Lunar App that can guide you in your daily activities, according to the rhythms of nature, and the major powers--the sun, and the moon.
A compilation about the experience of creators wishing to share the knowledge obtained after running their campaigns.
We invite you to join us in an exploration of a new kind of restorative Yin, or, as we call it, RestoraYin™.
A beautifully designed gift book and journal with 10 vital steps to care for yourself while grieving the loss of a loved one or friend.
Don't you wish your advertising was f**king great?  Wanna understand why it sucks and how to change that?  Then this book's for you.
The “I Will Survive: Helping Others Overcome Childhood Sexual Abuse is a self-help book to help survivors find healing and forgiveness.
The work of a shoulsman is not always easy, especially when near the start.  Do you care to start to follow the journey of the seed?
The child of a German soldier during World War II, Brigitte's war survival memoir has surprising relevance for us today.
My dream is to provide free wealth building classes, financial coaching, and affordable investor training to every household in USA.
7 Days Vegan contains a 21-recipe cookbook with recipes from SA's best plant-based chefs, an audio podcast series & a magazine.
Learn How To Immediately Relieve Stress And Depression Today!
Disasters Happen, so here is a guide from experience that will help you prepare on a budget for a SHTF situation that many folks miss.
Publish my book on "HOPE"
121 suicides a day in the U.S. is @ 44,165 a year! From 15 yrs old and up!  In 2016 it surged to the highest levels in nearly 30 years.
Creatives have unique marketing needs. Copywriting for Creatives teaches aspects of writing that sell specifically what creatives make.
7 decades, 7 old boys, 7 businesses. This book details the entrepreneurial journeys of seven MHS old boys that honoured the work.
Funding for editing, proof-reading, publishing & distribution of my book.
An absolute must read on life after trauma and how to develop resiliency when trapped in the fog of traumatic events.
This project is about helping fund a ghost writer for my memoir's. As well as editing my book to prepare for publication.
Every 30 seconds somebody has a limb amputated! This book shows amputees how to manage pain & take back control of their missing limb!
I am writing about a girl that has been internally bruised, physically battered, and has been thru extreme turmoil.
A Self Help Guild Book and Road Map for Entrepreneurs who lose their business become demotivated, lack direction and are often broke.
We are creating a book for Spanish speaking people who are interested in becoming pilots and don't know where to start or go!
The novel describes how I had to reconsider my way of dealing with everything I had done to survive the horrors of my past.
Quest for Virtue is a book about obtaining a simple life built on faith, virtue and a sincere love for God.
10 Years ago I did a book on the 1st decade of V8 Supercars, this book is the 2nd decade. Partnering with V8X Magazine.
This is my mother's story. Seduced into the wilderness by the man she loves - isolated & betrayed  - this is her dance with the devil.
19 is the book where I am sharing the leadership lessons I have learned during 25+ years as a leader to my younger 19 year old self
This exciting non-fiction book provides a comprehensive look at trekking and disaster relief volunteering in Nepal.
The true story of my life as a reluctant super hero.
Based on a true story 23 years ago I made a promise to one of my dearest friends the day  before she passed away from Cancer.
#SkintoSoulBeauty Unleashed is a non-fiction book about the power of grace, purpose and inner beauty in a 21st Century "Insta" world.
The 12 week workout guide with a focus on building people up who are suffering from mental health conditions.
An introduction to contemporary America inspired by history, geography and personal experience, from the Pilgrim Fathers to 9/11.
My name is Charles J Connelly, from July 12, 2005 through August 19, 2009 I was held in the state prison in Mazatlan Mexico.
A short but powerful guide to living your life to its fullest potential.
Read the ebook. Back the project. Display the sticker. Change the world. Mission to print and promote "Clacker Cosmos"
A study of consciousness using the writings of C.G. Jung and Quantum physics to take you to the ultimate reality of human.
The book is a timeline of significant events in the U.S. & India. The "standard" of the time chosen is the "coins" dated from 1835-1947
A book documenting the fight for justice after an FDA-approved drug infects 70,000 people with HIV and hepatitis. Profits before lives.
The top secret war operation Stella Polaris moved the Finnish intelligence to west 1944. Let´s tell the story in English! #Finland100
This is my inspirational story of growing up seeing Spirit and the many trials and tribulations that brought me full circle.
Don't know how to talk to your teenager about sex and what they need to know to be safe?  We have "The Talk" ready for you.
This book is a long overdue passion project - to help guide others towards living fully and doing something that matters.
A book about the power of beautiful childhood memories.
Aiutaci a finanziare la pubblicazione de "I sindacati autonomi in Italia 1944-1968" cliccando su "Back This Project"
TRUE STORIES: As a Kenyan having experienced the beach life, the  book is about how the white people are sexually exploiting blacks
How Mankind's Animistic and Passionate Spirits Gave Birth To Formal Reason
A unique experience at not making work central to one's life
Our book will teach individuals/teams how to create personalized beliefs for getting the results you want. It's easy and effective.
To answer this properly I need to dedicate a year or more to survey and interview the best scientists and publish the results.
A book for dads approved by moms
Read Books. A Message That Is Often Heard And Ignored.
For 30 Days I Will Complete A Book Per Day And Then Write A Book About It.
A memoir about my unique and tragic journey through alcoholism, including my experience as to why individuals become alcoholic.
Writing and printing a book about living in a house that is saving resources, based on the ideas of Swedish architect Bengt Warne.
NES Oddities & the Homebrew Revolution: Games You Haven't Played is a brand new book based on the 8-bit Nintendo Entertainment System!
Implementing changes that benefits others. Prioritizing to the most vulnerable. Through my book, I encourage them not to give up.
As a mom of three kids, including one studying at university, I realize that eating healthy meals while being a student can be tricky.
This book will address the WHY of chronic illness and disability in America and steps to regain health and thrive in a sick America.
This story is about understanding both elements of the Security-Power dilemma within this human mind. Now if I could get it published!
I have written a book called From Rehab to Life; an autobiography about my previous life. I need to raise £3500 to publish the book.
How I left the comfort of my life to search through the streets to understand the life that was dealt to me by a killer
The story and evolution of the PC through its most formative decade set against console wars, stagnating 16-bits and the death of DOS
Exploring Palm Springs' cocktail history from Don Beach to the Rat Pack to Spring Breakers and the current craft cocktail scene.
Scientific writings inspired by Dr. Richard Levins, who proposed a wholistic approach to scientific research.
Mission to write a year in the life of living with refugees in Europe from the middle East including photography.
Being born American-Arab and dealing with the pressure of the religion, the family, and the cultural battle that almost buried me alive
How I survived the Journey from Eritrea to Europe through the sahara desert, the Mediteranean sea and the brutal human smugglers.
Greetings: My Autobiography. I escaped a  life of murder, drugs, and poverty. I want to share my story hoping It might save others
I was there once, dating sucked!
Endless stress, confusion, frustration.
Lot's of frustration...
Start dating the men you want.
Have you also noticed how many people around you are addicted to their smartphones? 

Are you? 

Here is a book about how to quit.
This book will be an assembly of photographs documenting American Slavery along a timeline, with interviews to identifying individuals.
A pocket reference for the punctual archaeologist.
Kelli Refer's popular zine is becoming an even more useful, charming, and inspiring book!
100 interviews -- 70 years. A history of girls and women's track & field & cross country in Pre Country - the state of Oregon.
The ultimate retrospective of the SEGA Mega Drive/Genesis. A documentary art book by Read-Only Memory.
We're making an ebook of the almost 300 articles that appeared in The Magazine over its two-year run and planning another publication.
Marie Porter takes a smart, scientific, and creative approach to creating ridiculously delicious gluten-free recipes.
An insightful guide to help you setup a creative freelance business with multiple income streams.
The Magazine, an electronic periodical, needs your help to make a print and ebook collection drawn from its first year of publication.
Microcosm is an independent, punk-inspired book publisher. We're about to turn 20. This is our story.
An epic history of British comic books, magical warfare, and many, many other things.
If reading my story inspires you half as much as you've inspired me, I will consider this book a success.
A guide book to over 500 playgrounds & parks in metro Denver. Includes GPS-enabled smartphone app.
A publishing platform for journalists to share payment structures, rate editors and sell pitches.
Coming out of the Calgary Gay History Research Project, this campaign will create a book telling our community's story.
After a whirlwind tour of Montana's fifty-six counties, the final product will be a book about what's going on around the state.
A new book with 23 illustrated stories about giving yourself an unconventional education in a conventional world.
Learn what you need to make just about anything - a product, an invention you've been dreaming about, or even a maker business.
Ceyenne Doroshow stirs a pot of love, acceptance, and good eats in her book, shaped by her life experiences as a black trans woman.
The Korean War revolutionized vascular surgery.  Through interviews and archival research, I shall show how.
Uncovering the forgotten story of Fred Ross, one of the most important grassroots organizers in American history.
Chunklet is proud to present their third book and first that is being self-published. Behold their self-described war on cool — "The Indie Cred Test".
The Storyteller's Thesaurus is the perfect resource for writers, designers, and wordsmiths of all stripes.
A non-fiction book concerning the rise of the Megachurch in American culture and what that means for the future of Christianity.
The shocking, revealing and completely unofficial memoir of DC Comics' legendary London office, to celebrate Vertigo's 20th anniversary
"...a real L.A. point of view, neither cloyingly provincial nor tiredly cliche but poetic, intelligent, and imaginative..."
My goal is to make a mountain bike guide book that is functional, beautiful, and goes far beyond the quality one expects.
A guide to ice cream destinations, a collection of stories and inspired recipes...based on travel throughout the world.
The Yellow Car: a true story starring one little car, one simple concept and an unforgettable life change. A picture book for grownups.
The award-winning FMJ Diary becomes an immersive audiobook experience performed by Matthew Modine with original music & sound effects.
A couple of months of not driving a cab to put together the sequel to "Hack: Stories from a Chicago Cab."
Make a living by writing about video games? Hell yes! Break into the gaming industry with this detailed how-to guide for freelancers.
Don't know where to start with some authors' work? Dive in with this fun, accessible book that covers classics to comics.
This English language edition tells the story of a Puerto Rican patriot--one of the world's longest held political prisoners
A photography and creative advice book from fifty of the world's best documentary filmmakers.
Eat off your balcony! This beautifully designed booklet is a practical guide for people who want to grow food plants in a container.
The definitive chronicle of the making of Wes Craven's 1984 horror classic "A Nightmare on Elm Street"
Giving Away the Farm tells the story of a little sheep farm that became a place that nurtures art and forges deep community.
Join me as I expose the history, politics and secrecy involved in raising money, building & operating presidential libraries.
A complete history of The Pan Book of Horror Stories, the infamous anthology series which ran from 1959-1989.
My discovery of a 1976 Apple computer in a storage auction and how it may have been Steve Jobs 1st sale of an Apple to an individual.
A photo heavy tour guide based on one woman's journey to experience every bar in San Francisco, starting with the infamous Tenderloin.
You can enhance your design and creative problem solving skills. Four years of study at Stanford's design school in one read.
DIYinLAX is a book about how community inspires creativity and why people don't quit their daydreams; a cultural study of L.A.
A cookbook based on food from the Hobbit, Lord of the Rings, and Tolkien's world!
Mannequins, mystery, and mysticism, oh my! A unique look into the fantastical and enigmatic work of this Polish-Jewish author.
A beautiful book/DVD package that tells the inspiring story of Mahiga Hope High and the Nobelity Project in words, photos, and film.
A book of stories & photos about sex as it really is: messy, awkward, hilarious, painful, true.
Six months, 1000 miles, and one very opinionated donkey. This is the book and film of an audacious adventure.
Don't know where to start with some authors' work? Dive in with this fun, accessible book that covers classic to contemporary lit.
Best Music Writing is a beloved annual publication that collects all the world's best music writing. Help it go indie!
The Language of the Birds is a little book of essays about bird science and mythology—written by the light of the midnight sun.
'Don't Die Alone' is my second collection of prose and poetry and etc. It will be published perfect-bound, which can be a bit expensive
Honest, raw memoir documenting the struggles 2-time World Series Champion Aubrey Huff endured on and off the field.
The Open Utopia is an open-source, open-access, multi-platform, web-based edition of Thomas More’s Utopia. 
A how-to guide for independent learning, with concrete strategies plus stories of people who learn on their own and how they do it.
Broad, Casted is about making the leap from journalism to politics, taking on the establishment & dealing with sexism along the way.
Back our plans to show how we can harness the collective power of many small ideas and actions by people who care about cities
Surcee Press is fundraising for its first hand-bound book of art and literature entitled "A New Guide to Charleston."
Joe repairs homes. With each job, he enters the bathroom, crawlspace—and the soul. Revealing a life. Or changing it.
A short note written on a napkin from a complete stranger was all it took to keep me from killing myself.  Imagine what we all can do!
New lavish book immortalizing in words and images the best of Morbid Anatomy Presents, edited by Joanna Ebenstein & Colin Dickey.
In Echoes of Empire, James Kessler chronicles his travels through the width and breadth of the former Ottoman world.
Over 100 recipes to inspire a healthy and sustainable kitchen.
A legacy by Tone Anthony, presented by Guri Bigham
Three years ago, I moved to Texas after spending my entire life in the Midwest. This summer, I will been spending 6 weeks traveling...
A book telling the stories of the rise and fall of 10-12 forgotten Detroit landmarks that live on in only memories and old photos
A 1,500 PAGE COLLECTION OF SPEECHES, DEBATES AND INTERVIEWS BY THE GREAT HUMAN RIGHTS LEADER MALCOLM X.
Photographer/musician Bob Reuter's life in his own words. Debauchery, race, & counter-culture amongst urban degradation, in paperback.
I asked contributors to apologize to someone in their lives past or present. These are their stories.
Libraries are great. But are they just about books? No! We'll produce a visual A to Z of what makes libraries so fantastic.
Residents of a Filipino squatter community will be forcibly evicted in 56 days. I intend to document this using words and photographs.
Sharing food stories through an interactive, multi-sensory documentary audio book.
This is one story of the People's Library, as told to me by the librarians and patrons who built it.
Bring your jogging stroller and run or hike the unpaved trails in this high quality guide book.
Counting sheep doesn't help you sleep - but this book will. Discover practical ways to calm your active mind and quickly drift off.
The Doris Encyclopedia! Boating down the Mississippi! Coming Out! Farming! Death! Girl Gangs! Overcoming Shyness! Survival! Love!
Every culture has a creation myth. This is the story of the Ollie and the skaters who used it to launch a revolution.
A performance and exhibit on the theme of community, Bilocal: Seattle-New Orleans incorporates writers, designers,  musicians, filmmakers and chefs.
Help take Nottingham's 10-year-old magazine monthly. We want to raise £10,000 to cover 1-year of print costs. We have awesome rewards!
During the recession, I worked a bunch of crazy jobs.  I decided to write about them.  This book is a collection of those stories.
“I Pray Hardest When I’m Being Shot At” is a true story of love and war.
A former World Vision sponsor child and a young American started a school in Kenya for victims of war. Help us publish our story!
Please help fund Issue 2 of Pop Serial, my limited-edition literary/art magazine! Donate $10, receive a copy. Donate more, win prizes!
Worst Seat in the House is the first non-fiction book to examine Henry Rathbone's life and how the Lincoln Assassination affected him.
Think Hops are just for beer? Think again! This fun cookbook will show you all KINDS of tasty food & beverages you can make with hops.
My relationship with my father is the most difficult of my life. This memoir is about my lifelong struggle to define my identity.
25th Anniversary Edition of Gloria Anzaldúa's Borderlands/La Frontera.  Help Aunt Lute print and distribute this incredible work!
A detailed guide to cake decorating with lots of cute, whimsical fondant covered projects.
Print anthology of the best work from Norman Einstein's Sports & Rocket Science Monthly.
The hobbit's guide to saving the Earth, living sustainably, and rebuilding our Scoured Shire, one 'hole' and community at a time.
Michael Crowe and Lenka Clayton are writing a personal, hand-written letter to every household in the world.
I'm replacing every instance of "Ebenezer Scrooge" with "Donald Trump" in this contemporary retelling of the Charles Dickens classic.
Serial founder Remo Giuffré (REMO General Store, General Thinking & TEDxSydney) has FINALLY written his book. Interesting & inspiring.
Who killed the painter Caravaggio on a remote stretch of the Tuscan coast, after he spent years running from the law and his enemies?
This is a book about the pawpaw - a mostly forgotten fruit native to North America.
An adult coloring book filled with snoozing & boozing kitties for you to color and relax. Irreverent, fun, and super cute!
Help us raise money to print Issue #4 of the ONLY magazine for female drummers in the WORLD!
“We don’t want hordes of tourists to come here and spread AIDS and pollute our land.” –Kim Jong-Il, 4/25/98 (Juche 87)
A collection of essays and interviews by many of science fiction and fantasy's greatest writers today on the craft of writing.
Book Lush: The what to drink with what to read guide book.
A collection of baseball rants and reflections from fourteen years of Zisk zine.
Cyberculture pioneer Gareth Branwyn (Boing Boing, Mondo 2000, Wired, MAKE) presents a compelling collection of his work.
A writer goes to Paris. YOU choose what happens when he gets there. Then, he writes a book about it.
El libro de La FIFA en vacaciones cuenta historias a partir de una investigación sobre fútbol y estudios culturales.
History of SF's hidden springs, creeks & waterways plus recent water explorations. Get the map! Help publish the guide book!
Writers for Dinner is going to hit the road, buying dinner for writers and gathering their stories for our website.
A beautiful hardcover book chronicling the Commodore Amiga years. First hand interviews, inspiring stories, and lots of laughs.
Roads Were Not Built For Cars is a history book exploring the role of US & UK cyclists in improving highways for everybody.
A new memoir/exploration by Janet W. Hardy, the author or coauthor of The Ethical Slut and many other classics
A book and practical roadmap of every insider strategy I've learned on how to make it in Hollywood as a successful screenwriter.
An American family spends a month in a 260-square-foot Tokyo apartment in this humorous food and travel memoir.
Kids make paper snowflakes in school every year, but many of their teachers can't make proper flakes themselves.  Now they will.
I am looking for finance to print a cloth covered limited edition hardback book. I cannot do this without your help.
This is the story that's never been told: how girls in the mid-60's started all-girl bands, learned to play electric, and became Fanny.
Discover the beauty of the night sky. This handy pocket-sized diary is packed with everything a stargazer needs to know in 2014.
A philosophy on food and drink, "Beervangelist's Guide" invites and informs; teaching the reader how to artfully integrate beer & food.
A book about the dreams that live on after deportation and return to a country one barely knows.
I've spent the last two years on the road traveling to 11 countries. A collection of stories, photos and tips to get inspired and go!
"Go Car-Free" presents 7 reasons to start biking and solutions to 5 pesky but common biking problems.
Produce a professionally drafted plan of HMS Colossus for building scale models -- and release it under a Creative Commons licence.
Faculty & students at Norwich University write a C++ textbook over a weekend & release the results under a Creative Commons license.
A highly detailed how-to guide for both the new and veteran MMORPG raider based on a decade of experience.
This book, once edited & published, will help undergraduate students survive and thrive in the first semester of algebra-based physics.
In 1989 Bill Holland was killed climbing in Canada. 21 years later his body was recovered. This is his daughter Laurel's story.
This field guide covers plants endemic to cedar glades as well as many upland wildflowers found in the Central South.
An online community and storytelling forum dedicated to remembering parents lost to AIDS.
Aiming my thumb at the stars now!  "Funded", but looking for more so I can get MORE BOOKS PRINTED and out to Good Folks of the World!
Punk, pressure, politics, personal - Nasty Women is a non-fiction book written by and about 21st century women.
Memoirs of a much loved award-winning Comedian: "The Wholly Viable". Now Aiming for 200%. Let's really launch this amazing book...
From shattered skulls to suspects of crime: how forensic artists help solve law enforcement's toughest cases.
A book about entrepreneurial women who turned their hobbies into their careers. We know how hard it is, read how to best pull it off!
In 1985, the SNP's Willie McRae was found dying in his crashed car - with a bullet to his head. In 2015, it's time to end the silence.
A book about applying topics from mathematics, physics, and generative algorithms to computational systems. With Processing!
Beautiful Trouble will be a book & web toolbox that puts the best practices of creative action in your hands.
We are finally sharing our coveted recipes that are free of gluten, dairy, soy, eggs, corn, refined sugars & peanuts.
Our Spring season is full of self-empowering books, including fermentation, feminism, punk, bicycling, sewing, and comics journalism.
Part memoir and part cookbook with a heavy dose of humor, "Uncommonly Good..." tells the story of what happens when small dreams become big.
Civil War battlefield tour company designs cutting edge guidebook to interactively immerse users in American history.
An epic adventure romance through Latin America on a scooter during a time when such a journey was virtually unheard of.
Help us finish, edit and publish Joy Santlofer's epic book on the lost history of food making in New York City.
A lively and engaging natural history of Yellowstone from the age of dinosaurs through today.
A new cookbook for people who love craft beer, cooking with fresh produce, and sharing meals in sociable garden spaces
A comprehensive, curated, printed guide to Detroit featuring 750 sites, attractions, and curiosities from the essential to the obscure.
Help publish a book about the culture of skiing, the miracle of snow and how climate change could wipe out both in 75 years.
A unique and lavishly produced history of the visionary British software house, created by videogame history publisher Read-Only Memory
An Audiovisual Account of Laurel & Hardy's 1952 British Tour. 
With CD containing a complete recording of their sketch 'On The Spot'!
Rethinking how we research neighborhoods
Home Bar Basics (and Not-So-Basics) is a concise, pocket-sized, water-resistant guide to setting up a quality home cocktail bar.
A personal meditation and scholarly commentary on the late jazz icon's enduring contributions to the beleaguered humans of planet Earth
A bookbinding manual and an adventure tale, "China under the Covers" blends history, romance, and how-to as East and West connect.
You can help us publish the next issue of Crap Hound! A great print resource for artists, crafters & designers! 1000s of images!
A memoir about sex, plaster and rock'n'roll in the swinging 60's. Not the typical groupie story…
theSLANT, a fun and topical periodical broadsheet maintaining the ticklish balance between levity and gravity.  
Writer Ken Foster and photographer Traer Scott will collaborate to tell the story of Lilly, an orphaned deer and her human family.
A unique exploration of the philosophy of punk, based on the ideas, beliefs and lives of the people that created the movement.
A meticulous research of one of the world's worst acts of terrorism.
Showcasing outstanding nonfiction written by women, including features, essays, and reviews. Tackling the byline gender gap since 2011.
"The Word Project: Odd & Obscure Words- Illustrated" needs to be published! 
A long-overdue history of the music that was the 'birth of Indie' (unpublished image of The Pastels courtesy of Paul Groovie)
A behind-the-scenes look at underground punk history, with stories about Jello Biafra, Black Flag, the Dead Boys, Raw Power, and more.
This project will combine over 100 unique photo images from 1900-1930 with an accessible historical narrative of that time period.
A guide to the street names of Manhattan, their origins and history.
The South Puget Sound: a million people, 3,000 square miles but no guidebook. 'Til now. Join us in this art-drenched, grassroots guide.
"Cover Story" is a book of short stories, satire and essays by Liz Colville featuring photography by Colin Clark.
An uncommon guide for travelers with more time than money.
The 20Time Project is a book packed with resources, tips, and case studies for teachers looking to inspire young innovators.
A pocket-sized, waterproof field guide to shipping containers and the corporations that own them.
Forty-four New Orleans musicians invite you into their kitchens to share their stories and recipes in this full-color hardcover book.
Amazing, Ray Bradbury loved, story
 of a dancer overcoming prejudice and homophobia while captivating audiences around the world!
Building a startup accelerator is hard. That's why PIE wants to open source its learnings. So anyone can build one for their community.
A guidebook of curious and creative activities to cultivate joy, wonder, and discovery in you and your garden.
The definitive, best of collection of provocative and inspiring short essays by bestselling author Scott Berkun.
A user's guide to energy in the 21st century. Everything you need to know about energy, a print and interactive e-book.
Our zine SAMT SENIT will explore the issues and ideas of the Millennial generation. What will the future look like? We'll tell you.
After my 'first ascent' of Mount Rainier, I wrote a memoir about our climb, the cause, and everything in-between. A true photo-journal.
Some things are best expressed in words, some in art. This book covers both - wet felting and journal writing, reflecting on beauty.
If you dig the Five Hundy by Midnight podcast, this is the guide to Las Vegas you didn't know you were waiting for.
This is the first roadmap for Veterans to use our experiences to thrive in the 21st Century, and rebuild our troubled nation.
A book about travels across the nation in search of the best ballpark hotdog.
I asked contributors from around the world to to write a postcard to a family member. BLOOD/WATER is their stories.
Kickstart Learning Perl 6 from brian d foy and O'Reilly Media.
Our dream is to translate our book - on the conservation of the Monteverde cloud forest -  for the next generation of Latin Americans.
Part math book, part online event, Punk Mathematics is an introduction to mathematical thinking for people who question everything.
Everything you need to know about cheap wine from someone who has made it their life's work -- and isn't embarrassed about it
I'd like to self-publish a book of hilarious questions that ask how far you would go for an easy – or perhaps not so easy -- million dollars.
A collection of creative non-fiction Haitian short stories from Jérémie, Haiti to be published in Creole and English.
A book of lessons and inspiration on creating standout user experiences.
Discover the incredible true stories of conflict survivors in northern Uganda and join the movement to restore their community.
I am documenting what it means to be a working artist today by working as an apprentice to artists across the country.
A book of horror philosophy about the end of the world, the alt-right, and an AI from the future that wants to torture you. Yes, you.
"Miller's Compendium of Timeless Tools for the Modern Writer" is an encyclopedic catalog of writing resources in clickable e-book form.
Civic Tech is a book about geeks improving government & community life for everyone. Come join us!
Step inside the exciting, celebrity-filled world of blockbuster films and tv shows with veteran Hollywood stuntman Carl Ciarfalio.
How did OpenStreetMap start from nothing and build into a global map? The story and community interviews by the founder, Steve Coast
Five years ago I left California on a little boat called Bobbie. I haven't been home yet. -  This is a book about that.
Just a girl on a bike riding cross-country, collecting hugs and stories, practicing yoga.
Essays about the edges of historical fact, and the times when history gave way to the irrational.
Aotearoa Nouveau is a celebration of the most exciting, cutting edge wine producers in New Zealand.
A self-published book about Andy Pafko, a beloved baseball player for the Cubs, Dodgers and Braves from the 1940s and '50s.
The Responsible Communication Style Guide is a stylebook for writers and other media creators
All 56 collected letters from writer and escort Charlotte Shane's ephemeral email project about sex, love, and money.
A History of the Liberian People Before 1800
An evangelical father and his gay son tell their story and show us how to live a radical new kind of love and acceptance.
A book of practical crowdfunding tips from the writer of Code Monkey Save World and The Princess Who Saved Herself
This is the first book that celebrates the music of The Partridge Family and the voice of David Cassidy with over 100 new interviews!
In this comedic food and travel adventure, two friends spend a week eating everything Tokyo has to offer.
An entertaining and thought-provoking book about the unexpected resurgence in cycling in the 1970s, through to today and beyond.
A completely revised, greatly expanded Limited Collectors Edition of the greatest book ever on the world's favorite comedy team
A walking (or biking) guide by Laura O. Foster to the streets, homes, schools, and history that inspired the beloved children's books.
Rene Descartes' founding work of modern philosophy retold in its entirety by Philosophy Bro
The first-ever musical biography of The King of Zydeco Clifton Chenier wrapped in stories of many great south Louisiana artists!
Tenkara is the simple fly-fishing method from Japan. This book is written by the person who introduced tenkara outside of Japan.
Charm City Chinese is a beautiful magazine about the form, culture, and taste of Chinese take-out in Baltimore and America.
Apollo: The Panoramas is a hardcover book containing over 50 stunning lunar surface panoramas from the Apollo missions to the Moon
Delicious and easy plant-based cooking without salt, oil or sugar!
One of this century's best comedians deserves a book. Learn Greg Giraldo's story from those who knew him best. (Art by Ben Walker)
A new book dedicated to defining Silicon Valley's trickiest jargon in a way that is both rigorous and entertaining.
How David Bowie, Kraftwerk and cheap synths displaced rock'n'roll, changed what it meant to be "in a band" and invented Modern Pop:
I've been writing daily horoscopes for thousands of people for over a year. Help me continue writing them every day for the next year!
A groundbreaking anthology of memoirs and oral histories by seven authors from the Kentucky School for the Blind.
NEW Life Changing POWER OF POSITIVE IMAGES show the science behind the power of images is so simple it is being overlooked.
From the marble halls of Washington to the dusty fields of Central Mexico, this book takes you on a journey, shares life lessons.
The ongoing critical study of My Little Pony: Friendship Is Magic. Essays on every episode of Season 3, fan and derivate works!
Create Your Future describes how one man with a passion for people changed the world by merging human rights with rock and roll.
A kindle and paperback book that will make you scratch your head thinking "How is that possible?" and learn stuff while having fun ;)
We're writing a book about our Theory of Identity Activation--how to best persuade people on polarized issues like gay marriage
Comprehensive guidebook for women who want to craft incredible lives in spite of illness, created by a fellow sick chick.
A book with high quality original pictures of the VIC 20 revisions and peripherals, and covers of all the Commodore games on cartridge.
Historical Photos can cost up to $50 to publish in books. Help Matthew A. Perry fund much needed photos for his next book
We are writing a historical novel about the invasion of Amsterdam in 1577. 
N.B.: The book’ll only be published in Dutch
The unforgettable story of a New Zealand family's life, love and tragic loss in the "Lusitania" disaster of 1915.
A journey from adventure to courage!
A very small book about interaction design, completely revised and updated. Fund the printing costs for its second edition!
A book written to inspire you to face your fears, follow your intuition, and find love within.
Trotsky's unfinished biography of Stalin, the most extensive ever edition of the book completed from the original archive material.
MUP is a guide for people projecting images in public places, providing concepts, tools, resources, and recipes for urban projection.
Stories from nine churches and one guy trying to find his way.
Make Dandelion's delicious healthy food in your own kitchen! New cookbook reveals the secrets of Northcote road's iconic healthy deli.
Journals, designed to assist in making self expression and anxiety-reducing strategies a daily habit. Get yours now ...
This book is your strongest ally in combatting social anxiety, arming you with icebreaking facts suitable for any occasion ;)
A book from a young Stage 4 cancer thriver filled with hard-won lessons for facing down crisis with courage & living like you mean it.
A non-fiction memoir,with contributions from inspiring thought leaders,on overcoming racism, ignorance,& intolerance. Come on #TalkToMe
The story of Troy Davis, executed in 2011 despite serious evidence of innocence, told by a teenager who knew him.
The 2016 Presidential candidates' tax policies in plain English and what each means to the typical taxpayer. Be an informed voter!
Be a part of radical history, bookselling, and politics by producing a book about Moe Moskowitz, the founder of Moe's Books in Berkeley
A compilation of inspirational stories about the power of partner dancing and blues music to heal body, mind, and soul.
Volunteers from CGL will travel to the U.S. National Archives during May 2015 to digitize U.S. Virgin Islands Transfer-Era documents
One introvert's stories about taking risks, growing relationships, and facing challenges without getting lost between faith and fear.
"Composing Temple Sunrise" is a coming-of-age memoir about a 26 year old songwriter's journey across America to find his lost muse.
Universe Expanded is a hardcover guide to Kenner's 1998 Star Wars Expanded Universe subline of action figures and vehicles.
Discover what your story is. Use it to find common ground and engage in conversations about faith with grace, confidence, authenticity.
In the face of rising anti-Semitism, I tell stories of identity and resilience through the eyes of Millennial Jews in Budapest.
Pioneering avian research, education and conservation in an African nation that is remarkably unknown to scientists: Equatorial Guinea
El libro para aprender a controlar tu cuerpo y cambiar tu vida
Independent SURF PUBLISHING ~ Switch-Foot classic surfing BOOK ~ the trilogy.
All aboard for Disney historian Steve DeGaetano's full-color, lavishly illustrated, definitive HISTORY OF THE DISNEYLAND RAILROAD.
House Jungle: An Illustrated Guide to Becoming a Successful Indoor Gardener!
A no-nonsense guide to modern happiness driven by humor, science, and stories from Millennials around the world
The crass and inspiring saga of an enterprising megababe. Now let's take The Beaver Show on the road.
Change the way you manage data with these simple principles - and save your business money while you’re at it!
Publishing a new in-depth guide to the TV series Quantum Leap as a limited edition hardback book.  Pre-order now!
Black Cats Tell All: True Tales and Amazing Black Cat Images aims to rebrand black cats as more adoptable.
How do ultra-social species like ants work together when resources are scarce and unpredictable? How can we mimic them in business?
This book asks the question: "Does buying local even matter?" Part memoir, part non-fiction, it's set mostly in Birmingham, Alabama.
Love bicycles and eating well? Anna Brones has a cookbook for you. Classy gluten-free meals to fuel your ride without breaking the bank
What do you do when you are young, ambitious, and determined and you find out you have breast cancer? You pray and DIG IN YOUR HEELS!
J. Reuben Appelman is returning to Detroit to solve a 35 year old cold case in MURDER CITY SHAKEDOWN.
I asked 150 children/teens on the autism spectrum: "What do you love most about life?" Here are their uplifting, insightful answers.
Saga of the Samurai - Shingen The Last Campaign, The Kai Takeda 6 (1569-1573)
Corsicana, Tex., 1884. A peg-legged, stove-bearing man falls from a tightrope. I am a Jew, says he, but gives not his name, then dies.
A diverse collection of articles being completed by authors from all over the world on the fascinating theological theory of Pandeism.
A memoir about alternative education, being true to yourself, and working towards social and environmental justice
The path to seeking repentance and forgiveness for our troubled past and the most effective means to alter our destiny.
An illustrated and enlightening book about the residents of 1600 Pennsylvania Ave, full of historical insights that might surprise you.
“Eat Local In Barcelona" breaks down the complex and sophisticated cuisine of Catalan so you can create your own culinary adventure!
Publishing the 'Wife in Space' blog as a collectable series of ebooks and limited edition paperbacks.
Cursed In Cairo (the book) is an attempt to communicate what it was like when a few punk tried to create a utopia in a ghost town
Hjälp mig skriva historia genom att trycka den första boken som bara och endast handlar om grogg.
Help us spark intelligent discussions about racism, teach tolerance, and promote social justice by publishing Understanding Jim Crow.
Together, we can compile many stories and photos into one book to honor our fathers' and grandfathers' WWII experiences and sacrifices.
A unique, behind the scenes, journal following coach Toni Minichiello and Jess Ennis-Hill with the team on their road to Rio 2016
From a nation with more than a billion people, we bring to you what is possibly the world's most interesting educational story.
When problems find people, amazing things can happen.
The worldwide first publication on the films of Ola Balogun, the pioneer of Nigerian cinema, analysing/discovering his magical cinema.
The Heart of A Caregiver book will inspire those who need it most.  Caring for a loved one is tough but it brings great rewards.
The Idea Shapers book gives you the power to put your thinking in your own hands.
A guidebook of tools & creative rituals to restore purpose & passion, energise vitality, awaken connection & create an abundant legacy
British American Journalist Frances Rivetti's delicious romp through California's southern Sonoma County & coastal west Marin.
A workbook designed, from a life coaching perspective, to help caregivers take care of themselves so that they can take care of others.
Essays on traveling, cycling, hiking, and the existential crisis that is postgraduate life.
“You Can Train Your Dog; Mastering the Art & Science of Modern Dog Training” is a comprehensive guide with all the bells and whistles.
Coming-of-age novel, littered with sex, drugs & rock ‘n’ roll during the infamous heydays of the Hollywood Guitar Center.
A book about why things happen; why it sucks; and what can be done about it.
A book to honor Marine snipers in Afghanistan screwed by our government.
What is it about sport and music that allows them to dominate our lives and makes them targets for extremists?
Help launch the Culture of the Few, a new book by Brad McKoy written for people who want to follow Jesus and change the world.
A hard cover, limited edition book teaching shamanic dreaming, astral projection, and higher plane voyaging. A real doorway to Freedom.
A raw, honest encounter of my colourful journey trying to escape accepting I had Epilepsy & how I found my super powers along the way
Meditations to enhance posture, body literacy, and presence. Gain comfortable, efficient movement in daily living, and relieve stress.
A no nonsense book on music & audio and Blu-ray disc provides everything you need to know to improve the fidelity of your music system.
The Unbelievable True Stories of Will From the World's Greatest Successes.
Help me get my student loan debt story & holistic guide to repayment to college students everywhere
Boken alla föräldrar till extra krävande barn har väntat på! Inga tips, råd eller dömande, bara uppmuntran och pepp!
Philosophical discussions on life, human behavior, music, God, relationships and a reconnection with our instrument.
Cet ouvrage témoigne comment mon cerveau a compris la maladie en se réfugiant dans un monde parallèle grâce à des hallucinations.
The nation's most interesting and influential climate change experts featured in uplifting, inspiring, solutions-oriented text.
The Missing Pieces Plan was created to help you live a fulfilled life NOW (and gain peace of mind) by planning for “later.”
I'm attending goalie camps in Finland, Canada, and across the USA this summer in order write my 2nd book on goaltending.
are you ready to live a life that lights you up? the lighthouse revolution book will both teach you + inspire you to shine your light.
An examination of the Lincoln Assassination, from the shot to the trial. Accompanied by a wealth of pictures and graphics!
A book that offers an opportunity for real breakthrough to those struggling with fear, discouragement, and past failure in their lives.
We know the pain of infidelity. With training and the hope of our story we bring Betrayed and Betrayer to help other couples in chaos.
Efter många års förfrågningar från läsekretsen är det på tiden att Motpols flaggskepp, Oskorei, ger ut en egen bok. Med din hjälp.
Mark Christiansen broke his neck at the age of 16. He's been living as a quadriplegic for over 52 years. Help us tell his crazy story.
The dazzling  travel adventures of a black American expat in the land of vanishing blacks—Buenos Aires, Argentina.
I'm traveling throughout California this school year to write a book about excellent teaching and great public schools!
My journey coming to terms with sudden and profound hearing loss; providing help and advice for other hearing impaired individuals.
A website that simultaneously helps writers to get their work out there, and helps satiate literature lovers' thirst for new material.
This story will help break the silence around childhood sexual abuse. It is my personal experience of survival and recovery.
Peoplework teaches you how to run a successful "belly-to-belly" business, for decades to come, in the new digitally-connected world.
You play all kinds of music. You love God. Learn from fellow musicians how to be successful without sacrificing your faith.
There is sex, desire & intimacy after sexual trauma. Survivors reclaim their bodies, hearts, & sexual desires. Can you support them?
An instruction manual for overturning Citizens United, getting money out of politics and restoring fair elections to the United States
Shattered Perspectives- Seeing God beyond broken dreams, fears and failures.
How to see life in a whole new way, beyond abuse and pain
A guidebook of inspiring stories showing you how to claim your personal power written for people with diabetes and their loved ones.
* The most interesting, innovative, and important, anyway.
Be Normal is an off-beat, humorous, satirical look at what society not only accepts, but also expects as social norms.
A coffee table book based on the 100 Australian recipients of the VC, focusing on their medals, monuments and final resting places.
There are over 300 Federal Court opinions with the word "zombie". Let's create a legal studies casebook exploring "zombie" law.
A historian of the occult experiments with the alchemical and magical techniques of tantra's Western counterpart.
The life story of Dr. Warren Borgquist, a grinning guy in wild socks, is emblematic of an era in modern medicine.
From Oscar Wilde to Graham Greene, the Authors' Club has been home to literary giants. Read all about their lives, loves and scandals…
Support publishing "Ebb from the Shoreline: How I found hope in love, anticipation and loss", my love & loss memoir.
Help me on an ambitious project to write & publish 5 ebooks about the journey to reclaim my sacredness as a woman by the end of 2012!
Stop Motion Magazine a magazine dedicated to the animation art form known as stop motion animation. We publish an awesome magazine.
A book about a life saved by climbing. The closest look into the dirtbag climbing world that the literary world has ever seen.
How bank robbery changed my life.  A true story about crime, prison, and second chances.
En bok om vad socialdemokratin har varit och är. Men det är också en bok som försöker skissa på en ny berättelse för socialdemokratin.
I'm raising money to support the writing of 300+ daily horoscopes in 2017!
Learn the behind-the-scenes history of WildStorm Studios and its impact on Comics from the very people that lived it.
An inspiring adventure story about resourceful parents who dared to defy the odds and save their terminally ill newborn son's life.
I've always wanted to write a book...why not make one instead
Help relaunch American Heritage Magazine, with new writing by leading historians, new web content and a subscriber registration system
An around-the-world adventure with stunning photos, tasty recipes and inspiring stories all wrapped into a beautiful coffee table book
Selective Mutism is an anxiety disorder, and the anxiety freezes kids' mouths shut. They desperately want to talk! I can offer hope!
A 27-year-old woman, a 90-year-old woman, and the journey of a lifetime.
My first narrative travel book, CROCODILE LOVE, is a collection of tales from my honeymoon to Pakistan, India, Ghana, and The Gambia.
The story of a stressed-out gen-Y who learned to stop hating her life for no reason and finally chill the f*ck out
I wrote some words about my journey through science, religion, and the world in between. Want to check them out?
'Dying in Indian Country' explains how Congress, federal agencies, welfare, and the current reservation system are destroying families.
Self-publish book showing statistical history of Minneapolis Millers vs. St. Paul Saints rivalry from 1902-1960.
Für die Finanzierung der Veröffentlichung meiner Masterarbeit, die dann als eigenständiges Buch bei Turia&Kant erscheint.
The Clash's bold, tragic last stand, rescued from history's dustbin: at war with Thatcher, Reagan, the Top Ten, & (sometimes) itself...
Contributors from around the world explore the many facets of love, lust, and sexual identity -- by bicycle.
Publishing book on professional wrestling statistics. 
Econometrics meets sports entertainment.
A 3-part guide that teaches Bible study methods while giving an overview of the OT. Test groups report growing Scripture confidence.
The City Explorer SF app is a guide to unique places San Francisco you can explore at your own pace, in your own time.
Battlegrip Offline is a series of micro-zines, each 5'5" x 8.5" that z-folds out to reveal six colorful and entertaining panels.
This creative nonfiction book tells the stories of people who were slaves on a plantation & also detail the writer's research process.
The Suicide Solution brings a new perspective to the issues surrounding suicide: the benefits, the harm, and solutions.
Join me as I hike the Appalachian Trail via a non traditional route. This book will chronicle my foibles along the way.
The book you've been waiting for...
Funding and Fundraising. We all know it's a bit broken. Let's fix it. Together.
A true story about a suburban boy who crossed the world alone on a motorcycle & horse. This book makes the world less boring.
Learn the history of Alt.Kilt and take a photo journey with us as we show you how each kilt is handmade to your specifications.
A high-quality printed and bound souvenir guide book about Shoreham Fort aimed at all ages, covering it's past, present and future.
Project Dermatillomania is already a print book, but we'd love to make it available as an ebook! Help us fund the reformatting.
One man's quest to explore the world, meet amazing people, overcome obstacles, discover his true self, and have a great time doing it.
This book shares a story to raise awareness about a little known illness, PANDAS, affecting 1 in 200 children with psychiatric symptoms
This book shows how to build a rocket mass heater, so you can enjoy overnight comfort from a brief evening fire.
A true story of one family whose faith is tested by tragedy when they move from Southern California to El Salvador to be missionaries.
Publishers have minimal marketing budgets these days: it's up to writers now. Please help me FUND my 2015 book tours in the USA & UK!
A heartfelt and often comic memoir about death, birth, and rebirth that will give hope to people all over the world.
Learn from an expert how to master personal and organizational change and discover the 5 dimensions method to thrive during change.
A story of surviving a school shooting weaved into a history of gun violence in our schools & ways to find resolution in the aftermath.
A book explaining how we are more broken than we ever feared and more loved by God in Christ than we ever hoped.
Combining narrative, poetry & interviews with an array of healers, this book chronicles my struggle to overcome ovarian cancer & chemo.
This book will present deep belief and neural networks. Learn this exciting new technology in a mathematically gentle manner.
This is the story of a spirited Labrador retriever, her battle with serious illness, and the power of determination and friendship.
I have written a book of essays, and I need help to bring my ridiculous stories and experiences from high school to a wide audience.
If you've ever wanted to cultivate honest conversations about race, this book is my attempt at offering ways to help make that happen.
A handbook and comprehensive guide to forgiveness as a personal healing practice. Learn to forgive anyone for anything.
A memoir of suicide, grief, healing, dark humor, too much cursing, some vodka, and a perfectly healthy fixation on George Clooney.
I'm Daniel Wallock, a young award-winning author who was born with 7 life-threatening heart conditions. I dream of sharing my stories.
Documenting Ottawa's journey into getting paramedics working to provide medical interventions in a pre-hospital setting.
Help publish a transformational biography of a modern, feminist, LGBT-supportive and enlightened American Buddhist teacher.
First study of Tantric snakebite medicine in South Asia from lost Sanskrit palm-leaf manuscripts discovered in Nepal.
Collecting stories of human lives all over the world: a first book full of inspiring lessons to empower your own life. (Eng/Fra)
The book of one man's travels as he follows the FIFA World Cup and his passion for people, sports and adventure around the world.
An illustrated bike yoga zine with exercises, breathing, and philosophy for cyclists and yoga practitioners alike. By Kelli Refer!
This is a story of how an artist and mom ended up on the FBI's 10 most wanted list while trying to protect her child.
A smart and funny parenting guide to help with your baby’s sleep  when you're all ready to climb out of the pit of sleep deprivation.
Unlock empowering links between body, mind, and emotion to become the best possible you.
WE WERE LIKE SONS is a memoir about a coast-to-coast cycling tour that followed a year-long pilgrimage through therapy.
A book in the making about living "life before the lottery." Inspirational tales that go far beyond the bucket list.
We're self-publishing a Guide to Pregnancy with Type 1 Diabetes! Please help us make this book possible with a small or large donation!
A unique & inspiring book exploring the personal journey of an unlikely kidney donor & aims to promote awareness about saving lives.
I wrote Bikenomics: How Bicycling Can Save the Economy. Now I'm taking it on tour with a vegan chef & documentary filmmaker.
The book of a mother and daughter's 5330km journey with horse, donkeys and bicycle along Australia's Bicentennial National Trail.
My book is a 45 day gameful challenge for learning professionals: Engage. Motivate. Inspire. Shaped by imagination. Wooed by reality.
Don't Call Me Gypsy: Musings and mishaps on a journey through the American West.
We are all artists now. Here's why it's important, and here's why it's hard.
From the founders of HELLO STAGE, the largest classical music community online comes the book on how to manage your career!
An experiment in crowd-funded fast publishing: a new book on carbon neutral cities we'll write, design+ publish in the next 3 weeks!
Construction Matters examines the relation between advances in
construction technology and artistic form in modern architecture.
Only two copies of Henry's Autobiography from 1907 survived destruction by his son.  Help me reprint this important historical story.
Curiosity is the engine that drives all connection, relationships, and innovation. Start your curiosity revolution here.
The first in a series of books to teach Artificial Intelligence with a gentle approach to mathematics.
A LGBT self-help guidebook touching on everything from coming out to relationships, battles with self-esteem, and lifes ups-and-downs.
The illustrated memoir of noted African American architect, Robert Traynham Coles, FAIA, advocate for minorities and women.
PhD research project based on 23,697 participants, examining personality differences between atheists and theists.
Groundbreaking book by social entrepreneur Aaron William Perry explores interconnected themes of sustainability, health and well-being.
Is your life overtaken by the noises of this world? Come find out how to turn down the volume.
A photographer lends his voice to his dog, who recounts his narrow escape from death, then settles the question: Who rescued who?
Help Caleb Gave publish his second book, "I Used To Live Here," a collection of 13 short stories from a decade spent in Lexington
Want to grow your talent? This book draws from 5 different musical traditions and published research. Practice is more than you think.
The true Redemption story of the high witch of the four corners.  She was sent by demons to kill him.  Love had a different plan...
Lukas helps those in despair to discover meaning by contrasting freedom with fate: the choices we have in spite of what happens to us.
A Kickstarter’s Guide is an ebook that looks at what it takes to launch a creative project online.
A WWII Combat Medic's experience comes to life through his journals, correspondence with family and friends, and historical documents.
Bogen giver piger og drenge inspiration og lyst til at programmere - og støtter deres forældre i at hjælpe dem.
Using Patanjali's classic text, we explore how yoga can provide support, clarify direction & open space for your life.
An audiobook of the award-winning "Pruno, Ramen, and a Side of Hope: Stories of Surviving Wrongful Conviction."
Help us publish the remarkable true story of how God miraculously changed the life of Graham Hanson to reach thousands more.
Readers will experience new freedom as they learn about their personalities through this blend of Biblical truth and the Enneagram.
This book seeks to educate, inspire, and provide the tools necessary for you to become a top real estate agent in your market.
A self-help book that will inspire you to be good with being you by taking you on a journey to the already perfect self!
Mistakes and failures need not be embarrassments - instead, they should be tools to learn from and to improve.
"The Self-taught Programmer" is a book about the skills you need to learn to program professionally without a computer science degree.
A book of stories and ideas for people who want their lives to matter.
A memoir of sorts - what rock and roll music has taught me about Life, God, Politics, and Family.
Today's artworld experts claim that anything can be "art."  Many art lovers disagree. This book explains why they are right.
A celebration of life's absurdity, featuring humorous essays, short stories, uncensored observations and poignant poetry.
This book will unleash the truth about the silent stronghold of sports and inform all athletes that the power is in pursuing God.
He was a Slovakian Jew in Auschwitz. He fell in love.  The Nazi SS made him ...
Vandy Point Guard shares action-packed short stories about the raunchy escapades, rampant perks, and hidden stress of top NCAA athletes
The baseball season of 2014 was incredible. Chris Kamler takes the reader through all of it from a viral visit to the World Series.
"Padre" is the true story of life in Cote d'Ivoire as a Peace Corps Volunteer that makes you laugh out loud when you least expect it.
A printed collection of Disney-related historical essays, and the first in a line of new Disney history publications.
We're gathering material for a multimedia travelogue and guidebook to seeing Canada with a slightly neurotic dog.
Personal stories of Midwestern high school students in a town segregated by a river during the 1960s civil rights movement.
I'm writing a narrative historical account, based on years of research and interviews, about a series of UFO sightings in Michigan.
The second book in Chicken John Rinaldi's thesis on art, civic engagement and messy collaborative artworks.
This is a book about flipping the burden of proof. It's about asking 'Why not?' instead of 'Why?'
Launch a nationwide, culturally illumined, campaign to build awareness of the infinite relevance of militant activist, Alice Paul
How to create your own Joy-Based Living Empowerment Group: An incubator for your radiant self.
read an excerpt: http://pleasekillme.com/state-hospital/
This book will help us talk about our beliefs with people who think we're crazy; to engage in conversation without engaging in battle.
A Tapestry of Stories, Videos, Animation, Spoken Word - aiming for a deeper understanding and emotional connection to a horrible legacy
Learn how continuous war affected a military family with life on the homefront and deployments to Iraq, Afghanistan, and the Pacific.
Whether you are wanting to book a one-way airfare online, or organize a 3 month, 12 stop complex itinerary - this book is for you!
12 weeks of progressive daily guidance in Zen, Insight Meditation, Nonviolent Communication, & more for individuals, couples, & groups.
Join me in publishing this book of life, laughs, list and lies I wrote through character HolyJuan. Because I love me. You should  to!
Most of us see nature's wild freedom as perfection, yet we use rigid, linear thought in many areas of life, from economics to morality.
How-to tips for saving your family history / life story by pro personal historian Deborah Wilbrink with true stories and songs.Book&CD.
A volume of twelve bios of the most badass Frontier Partisans in history — from North America to Africa.
Jules...Getting Your Magic Back, is a kick-ass gift book about pushing forward through life's transitions. For a friend or yourself.
If my two passions, writing and dancing, had a love child, it would be my next book: Live Your Dance. Join me on the adventure!
Kevin Shannon walked 900km across Serbia. Now he needs you to help breathe life into the book!
We are creating an accessible, illustrated book that encourages writers of all ages to re-imagine classic fables. Write with us!
An autobiographical story of Hope, Strength, and Renewal. Out of the depths of despair, I still stand...
A book that uncovers the mystery of Jura wines from France - the people, culture, terroir and wines, plus local food and travel tips.
An irreverent book to de-program us from the motivational posters and meaningless platitudes of our lives.
An experiential, multi-purpose, conflict resolution toolkit that effectively guides you through difficult moments in relationships.
A Merchant Marine officer from World War II to the Korean War, Jack Beritzhoff sailed from the South Pacifiic to Casablanca... and back
A book for any and every football fan who has suffered through following their team . . .
The Wicked Problems Collaborative is an experiment that looks to improve discourse & drive progress around wicked problems.
Publishing the 'Wife in Space' blog as a series of collectable ebooks and limited edition paperbacks.
Big Business has us hooked on fake food and drugs. Being healthy isn't normal anymore. Learn how to create your own brand of wellness.
A new collection of interviews with Cambodian mediums, fortunetellers, and mystics, and a look into recent "sorcery" killings.
When homeless, Caleb rode with his cat, by bicycle, through CA, OR, ID, and WA. This book tells the epic journey that changed his life.
The Dead of Winter group has assembled a gift box of limited-edition writing, odd gifts, and weird artifacts. Merry dark Christmas!
This is a powerful book about breast cancer surgery and reconstruction, told poignantly by women through words and photos.
Discover the Slayer in you through the trials of ancestors, real life experiences and meaty concepts broken down into bite size pieces.
Good writing about bikes that fits in your pocket and changes the world.
A photo book documenting the crude, sexist, and vulgar buttons, bumper stickers, and t-shirts from the Trump campaign and rallies.
A guide to Kiwi beer, breweries, brewers and beer regions.
Free Pizza For Life is the true story of two young punks discovering DIY punk, starting plan-it-x records and scamming tons of pizza.
Inspirational landscape photography guidebook of some rather special routes covering some of the UK's wildest scenery
A shockingly honest memoir of obsession, sex, secrets, suicide, compassion, hope, love and serenity.
The Bakers came to America to build a new life. Instead, they fought to survive on the edge of the new frontier.
[ours] A groundbreaking book exploring new regional archetypes in 21st century sustainable architecture.
Hjälp oss att ge ut en bok som granskar myterna om monarkin. En bok som alla som argumenterar för republik har nytta av!
Restore your soul and live responsibly and self-controlled instead of in extremes ~ irresponsibly, controlling or angry/in denial, etc.
After a distracting decade, I've begun my new memoir - the sequel to An Alphabetical Life. I promise that SOME NERVE will trump AAL!
How I Overcame Emotional Eating and How You Can Too... Forever
A collection of lessons learned from down-to-earth entrepreneurs who left the corporate world behind to make something real.
The first book about Magic: the Gathering to focus on not the cards, but the people—and how they fit into today's wider gaming culture.
A book to help you establish remodeling budgets, priorities, and guidelines to save time, money and maybe even your marriage!
Pakistan's untold story of violent persecution of The Wrong Kind Of Muslim, and its increasingly dangerous impact on America.
Following on from the work of David Bohm, this book continues to explore and develop a new way of looking at thought and consciousness.
A treatise on the deeper symbolism of the first degree of Freemasonry.
Help shape the next generation of scientific learning tools designed to inspire learning, especially for those with limited resources.
This book is about the darkness of sin and the grace of God in one man's life and how they apply to you and your personal story.
A comprehensive, single volume collection of centuries of traditional yoga knowledge for scholars, practitioners and teachers of yoga.
This historical look at the cultural change of Military Nose Art is the culmination of my Master's Thesis.
A story that will resonate with those who believe we are not limited by family history or destined to relive faulty patterns.
Explore fascinating facts and colorized images of the Titanic in this unique history book style set of playing cards
My First Book "Passion Hunger Drive: Live Your Dreams, Not Your Fears" will be released worldwide on MLK Day January 16th, 2017.
Defibrillators save lives. But their existence is not simple. In this nonfiction book, I trace the global origins of my ICD.
http://www.wdio.com/news/a-mothers-nature-crystal-luoma-superior-hiking-trail-grieving/4212296/
A hiking journey of grief and renewal.
"Plie Ball!" will be a book that explores all points of connection between baseball and dance, from stage to stadium!
100 Interviews with game audio professionals from throughout video game sound history in a beautiful 2-volume set.
The definitive how-to book for anyone who ministers to children, whether volunteer or paid staff. It's funny, poignant and interactive!
A Bay area specific guide to the selection of orchids and their culture indoors, outdoors or in a greenhouse
by Mary Gerritsen
PLEASE SUPPORT THE FIRST EVER BE THE CHANGE PUBLISHING VENTURE!
Transform Your Reality, by Rachel S. Lee, is a no-nonsense guide to positively changing the direction of your life.
For many, kissing dating goodbye meant saying "hello" to lifelong singleness. It is time to fix courtship.
A book about loving yourself & celebrating life. Steps on how to make every day magical, and a reminder that you're already beautiful.
The first pressing of FREE PIZZA FOR LIFE is now gone and the 2nd Pressing is in the works. It has been re-edited and has a new layout!
This first hand account is a riveting story of one courageous woman who against all odds has over come incredible circumstances.
KIDS in Jail tells the brutal stories of kids in custody. Scars on our hearts. Cradle to prison pain. Time to transform and reform..
A guide to the ancient form of sitting meditation utilizing contemporary research in somatic education and experiential anatomy.
Discover the mindsets that will help you live the powerful, fulfilling, free, confident life you were born to live.
I am writing with the help of other amateur historians a book in English on the combat debut of the T-35A tank. a one of a kind book.
What happens when parrots learn how to text?  Madness that's what!  A pair of cheeky conures share their hijinks with their abused Mom!
Professor Moptop is going to self publish and YOU can be a part of the Beatle University experience!
This stunningly illustrated book is an absolute must-have guide for all Drent owners and people planning to add a Drent to their family
This is all about courage and valor,  humility and humanity, tragedy and triumph.
This is a book of letters. Letters to our body parts.
My creations are born in different cultural environment around the globe with « what is already there » and act as a social impulse
Peace on Earth begins with birth. Educating pregnant women to create a more peaceful world is what this book is all about.
A place for rational, fact and data based non-partisan political and societal commentary on things that matter to Americans.
The epic adventure of a 33 year journey surviving 4 open heart surgeries- emotionally powerful. Graphic. Honest. Funny
A young cancer survivor embarks on a cross country railroad adventure while writing her memoir through letters.
Finally, Jewish sacred texts by Israeli women, volume 2 of an  acclaimed, revolutionary series of powerful, witty, diverse Midrashim.
A book about a couples first year of marriage. Read the inspirational story of how God helped them overcome cancer, amputation and more
The hilarious new book about RAGBRAI, America's greatest event that you've never heard of. Crotch lube is entirely optional.
A mixed media (poetry, photo, prose and sound) text focusing on/inspired by rural life in former Communist republics. 
This is for the book release event/photo gallery show. Funds will go to buy gallery prints & copies of Orlando's Historic Haunts.
I am publishing my book, Waiting on Humanity and need some finishing funds to do so.
Help me search for the lost ruins of the UK. A unique guide to  lesser known and somewhat known ruins of Britain.
The is the ultimate guide to applied Eastern philosophy, martial arts, and the path of the warrior from a scientific perspective.
Peacefully taking you through my journey of being raised as a Muslim then becoming Christian, and sharing the truths I unveiled.
An anthology of nonfiction stories written by Nepal's Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, and Transgender (LGBT) community.
Must raise $2,500+ to republish & spread the word about a guide Oprah's Magazine calls "a go-to book for any start-up food company."
South Florida. Honest & dramatic & engaging journal of overcoming serious illness. This book will keep you reading & laughing. Really!
The first modern Jasper guidebook including over five hundred rock routes from alpine to bouldering, sport to trad multipitch and more.
Illustrated historical book of impregnable Dunbar Castle and rise and fall of its powerful Scottish Earls of Dunbar from 1072-1435AD
Discover your purpose, live a more fulfilling life, leave a positive footprint on society.
An important book, based on research, to make you and your learners smile again. Better smile sheets, better feedback, better learning!
A book that teaches aspiring writers how to get from a basic idea to a fully rewritten screenplay.
Raising awareness of childhood cancer by publishing my diary of Andrew's diagnosis and his journey to remission 1235 days later.
Sherlock's Home was the most important Sherlock Holmes book of 2012 - about Undershaw - this project is to release language versions.
At age 30, my husband Dan died from cancer. Left to recreate my life, I drew a line in my heart; became a nomad. This is a love story.
The search for identity leads one young woman to Mexico, where she follows her grandfather's journey back to America.
I am working on a book about what people do when they visit Masada, an ancient fortress in the Judean desert.
Funding for a 2011 trip to Worldcon for research for "UnConventional," a book on the history of the American fan convention.
So Bad, It's Good! is a guide to finding the best films for your bad movie night.
The forbidden dark art of roped soloing, for climbers who need to know in order to make the ultimate climb come true!
The never-before-told story of Karl Barth's (first and only) journey to the United States in 1962.
Identifying cancer and disease products we use everyday and are totally unaware of. Then substituting them with healthy alternatives
Translating my award winning book "Il Pacifico a remi" into English and e-publish it to reach the largest audience.
Confessions of two aspiring entrepreneurs working 4 part-time jobs to create the life they've always dreamed of.
Three Little Birds is an inspiring, true story written about the life of baby James born premature with a congential heart defect.
The most comprehensive solo travel guide book for women.
The story of my eating disorder and how it nearly destroyed my life and family. From rock bottom to peace and happiness.
1964 - 2014: Capturing the first 50 years of KCAM Radio in Southcentral Alaska in this keepsake book of pictures and stories
1400 works of Artist Noel Rockmore discovered post Katrina in the NOLA storage of Shirley Marvin by Rich & Tee revives his legacy!
A comprehensive, waterproof guidebook of the Sawtooth Mountains for hikers, bikers, horseback riders and climbers.
A series of pamphlets including short essays from contemporary radical leftist authors defining concepts such as power, class, etc.
Biblical fasting is an ignored & forgotten discipline in times of personal crisis. This book is for those who are struggling in trials.
WORLD PREMIERE! LIVE ON PERISCOPE SATURDAY APRIL 30TH!!! SHOW STARTS AT 6:30 PM CENTRAL. PERISCOPE @WALKPATAGONIA
The first in Jim McAllister's Pastor/Shepherd series gleans scriptural lessons from his years as a pastor leading two church renewals.
"I Belly Dance Because" will share the personal stories of belly dancers as they reflect upon how dance has transformed their lives.
Our senior women's bible study group has put together a collection of family recipes and recollections we want to share.
Crankypm's first & last book: A how-to guide for all product management.Snark/comics/misery/humor. 20%+ new, < 80% recycled blogs.
"On Richmond's Wheel" turns back the pages (and squeaky wheels) covering 120 years of Richmond, Virginia's lost cycling history.
Collection of 31 true-story narratives written by Burmese refugee in the camps along the Thai-Burma border
I hoped that moving to Qatar would change everything, until it did. True tales of love, lust, greed and yoga.
The first crowdsourced book about Iraq and Afghanistan - Veterans describe their experiences in just six words.
From Ballard to White Center, Mark Mcall has explored over 350 Seattle watering holes. This books reviews and reveals some of the best.
Oakland in Popular Memory is a book of interviews with 12 cutting-edge artists from Oakland, California and beyond
"Saying Goodbye to Vietnam" is my story as an Army photographer in Vietnam,1969. 386 pages 422 photos, 65,000 words. 8x10 hardcover.
Tales of Life, Love and the Seven Deadly Sins
Follow the investigation of the death of Martin Luther King through the eyes of the FBI's lead investigator: The Grey Ghost, my father.
So close to the stretch goal of $12K! Will you be the one to push me over the top?
Children Of Mercy is a collection of essays written by artists, writers, dj's, promoters, small label owners, etc in indie music world.
I ran 1,300 miles across Europe unassisted with my friend in 2011. Now I want to write a book about it!
This book tells the story about my two-year bicycle journey across North and South America to raise awareness of climate change.
Part II
A book, featuring members of the "Super Pack," about the most successful grass roots campaign in the history of presidential politics.
Help publish a true story from America's Greatest Generation: a hooligan turned cowboy, then WW2 Marine, and finally, prison Chaplain.
The Cloth of Egypt: All About Assiut is an informative book on the history, legend, and use of the unique textile known as assuit
Each recipe in this printed cookbook captures the ingredients, process & love that went into one distinctive Grandma's favorite dish.
The story of a Tanzanian priest's journey from being a village farmer to the priest of the largest Benedictine community in the world.
is a proven tool that helps writers connect to creative energy to write, publish, and market books. Help J.D. Cooper Birth That Book!
A book on how to go to college for free, cut expenses, and cancel student loan debt.
I'm going to cycle round Britain and write a book about it. Support me and I'll share the "live" online manuscript with you.
This project will repackage the ebook and publish it as both audiobooks, and beautiful, high-quality paperback and hardcover editions.
The unauthorized look at TRON.
Premier ouvrage sur les fumoirs traditionnels de l'île Verte.
No book has ever been written on the mob in Milwaukee. This is about to change.
Misadventure is Better is a book - a collection of stories celebrating travel gone wrong. I need your help spreading misadventure!
It's a short story.  It's literary.  It's about a woman.  If funded, I'll make it freely available to everyone online.
Livng with a brain impairment, what its like to be me.  A crazy true set of circumstances that led me to write this book.
Help publish a coveted selection of humor essays about what happens when opposite sexes brush elbows and unmentionables.
A collection of stories about Post Traumatic Growth - how personal disaster can lead to amazing change.
To create an educational exhibit on Charlie’s Place for South Carolina's black community at the Myrtle Beach Colored School & Museum.
The chronicle of how a band of unwashed fools, with but a well of whiskey and a tailored school bus, spent their American Summer.
Help us to continue the legacy of the Signers of the Declaration of Independence.
This is Nob Shimokochi’s bio. He was born in CA & is Japanese.He and his family were put into Am. internment camps during WWII.
I am writing a book about Casa de los Amigos, a 60-year-old Quaker Center for Peace and International Understanding in Mexico City.
An Introduction to the World of Unofficial Transformers Toys and Accessories
A nonfiction story with a multimedia twist, about the effects of urban sprawl in the southern United States.
This spy themed lesson plan will keep your Boy Scouts engaged and entertained as they earn the Citizenship in the World merit badge.
A biography of the poet Larry Eigner.
Making my late father's biggest dream come to life! A barber for 51 years his book will motivate, inspire, make you laugh and cry!
"Gonzo Tourism" is the 2nd book chronicling the off-the-beaten-path adventures, mishaps and observations of a curious Canuck.
A book about the life and death of John Mills, Jr., a man wrongly executed on Florida's Death Row.
Brilliantly researched guideline gems and examples about specific and far-too-common ballot design problems.
Digging up family roots in London expose a great great grandmother's strategy to cooking & coping under pressure.
A collection of words and artwork documenting the experience of being a Volunteer in Service to America in the WV Allegheny mountains.
A nonfiction book that is both a hunt for lost political treasure and a how-to guide for nursing our ailing democracy back to health.
The first book-length study of America's '60s explosion of proto-punk D.I.Y. rock 'n' roll.
An interactive common sense breakup recovery book for men, women & everyone in between. Supported by a forum, an app, and a website.
Everyone has a Cowbell, a profitable talent that others have a fever for. Find and develop your Cowbell for happiness and profit!
Treatise written by a scholar of literature and religions on the texts, context, and esoteric interpretation of the life of Jesus.
Five million Americans have gastroparesis, yet there's not one book dedicated to managing the condition. With your help, there will be!
A real life survival story of a new business owner, new homeowner and a new mom to twin girls told through small conversations.
We'd like to thank us for all our hard work.
To cover printing of free copies of ‘A Vision for Galway 2030’ (a plan for a sustainable Galway) for local schools and libraries.
Take risks. Defy the status quo. Live your passions.
A fieldwork-based dissertation exploring the importance of storytelling, play, and the imagination in the modern world.
"Out Of The Depths: A Songwriter's Journey Through The Psalms" is a companion book to my live 2013 album, Basement Psalms LIVE.
"Waiting to Fail" is an autobiography designed to inspire and encourage others to reach for their dreams, and not fear failure.
A compilation of historical photos and detailed information about Keweenaw County in Michigan's Upper Peninsula Copper Country.
Kim Krizan, writer of "Before Sunrise" & "Before Sunset," wrote a tongue-in-cheek book about femme fatales & needs help to print it!
Need help funding the printing of this book I have written about what I learned while raising my children. Hope it will help others.
Zarah of the Red Thread a Phoenician Story textbook uncovers the shocking true history of the real colonizers of western civilization.
A memoir about an inter-ability marriage- love, intimacy, disability and perseverance- these are the tracks that run through our lives.
This is a book of sarcasm fueled life lessons made moderately famous on YouTube, FUSE, Reddit, and countless blogs by Mike Falzone.
Wil jij meehelpen om de wereld een beetje gelukkiger te maken?
This is a candid and funny look at life with OCD. In it I chronicle life with OCD, my meltdowns and what I learned about life from it.
Copies of Wild Harmony are floating around the country. Help others experience the adventure and better position the book for success.
Cam and Mr. Combover have 30,000 bees on their roof in San Francisco. They want to write a survival guide for urban beekeeping.
My suspense novel is finished. With your support, I will self-publish it in print + as an e-book. Help make my dream come true!
In 1937 Noreen Ellen Byrne was a small girl who lived on a farm at Terrapee with her family. They called her Norny.
After learning of my father's diagnosis of stage IV cancer, I want to present him with my published memoir to express my love.
To Be Brave is a self-published book project about reshaping the American dream.
Cooking with Fire is a cookbook that outlines alternative cooking  methods and techniques for emergency or disaster situations
This is a beautiful book full of photographs, illustrations, and tips to teach new parents about early movement and brain development.
My goal is to get a book filled with info and photos of tree crickets onto public and school library shelves.  www.oecanthinae.com
A book to introduce Rev. Martin Thornton's context, biography, and theology with selected writings from all thirteen of his works.
Help fund the printing of the 3rd edition of The Middle Fork of the Salmon River - A Comprehensive Guide.
Vintage amusement parks are pop culture treasures, filled to brimming with history, magic and memories.  My book will chronicle 40 of them.
Breakfast with Strangers: 50 Meals Across America. Taking strangers to breakfast from Portland, OR to Portland, ME.
Books of interviews and photos documenting Taiwan's evolving diversity.
This ebook story will teach young readers how solar, wind and water power are produced and can be used to combat climate change.
The project encompassses the publication of an original work of history on the Battle of New Orleans.
A true story of a student who is accused of cheating on an assignment.  Enter Josh’s mind and discover what it takes to prove himself.
A book of engaging stories about people whose generosity changed the world and the part we can play in the stories still to be written.
The Power of Words:The Winners Mentality is an exciting new book regarding,the effects, benefits and consequences of the words we speak
Play blues piano, now! This new method - without notes - is short, clear and fun. The easiest way yet to get started.
Drive A Faster Car (http://www.driveafastercar.com) has been a personal project and love of mine for the past eight years -- blogging...
I will be self-publishing "Around the World in 80 J's" and need your help in raising the money to make this creative project a reality!
A book for business leaders to build better relationships and influence others through courageous non-verbal communication
This unique river guide is for rafters, canoeists, and kayakers who want to solo the Grand Canyon but don't know where or how to start.
Help train and pay Haitian earthquake survivors to interview one another and archive the interviews.
I wrote a book. It's published, and available online. But now I want to make it something tangible that I, and others, can hold.
Help publish a curious book: an experience in story-telling and memory that explores the life of a woman from a different time.
The first English guide to all the ghosts, urban legends, vampires and Mysteries of Paris.
"Just a Girl From Kansas" is my personal story of facing my fears, following my heart, and the magic that happened when I did.
Community Evolved will cover the history of the Halo fan community over the past decade, featuring exclusive interviews and much more.
I need help publishing my book that I think will help those who want to know the fun and the hard parts of living in Papua New Guinea.
Two small, illustrated, readable books of basic parenting principles made available to new parents everywhere.
Shine a light on the Russian Church in the Twentieth and Twenty First Century
A simple, interactive beginners guide to studying Koine Greek, the language used to write the New Testament.
Help us print a free booklet introducing radical ideas and values to a broader audience at this critical historical juncture.
Dole has stormed the gates of Paradise.  Sri Lankan elephants, Buddhist lions and Hindu tigers stand much to gain -- and much to lose.
A guidebook to post-civilized culture from theory to practice. To be published by Subsect Press.
Undoing 200 years of false history.
Reasons to Smile is web and book series consisting of inspiring stories, by and about people living with special needs.
Casey Cease is writing about his life story and how Jesus has transformed every aspect.
A unique book about special alloys that can be used to create magical effects -- written for magicians, pranksters and curious minds.
An Oral History of the Milwaukee Underground Music Scene. Nearly 3 years worth of interviews with people who where part of the scene.
Groundswell is the Christian Surfers history by founder Brett Davis: ordinary people trusting God for the extraordinary.
Madge is a humor writer, broke divorced Mom of 3. She tells how to get thru the tough times with humor and keep your kids out of juvie.
The book that proves that Birmingham is not just the crucible of the Industrial Revolution, but the cradle of civilisation.
Facsimile reproduction of a book originally published in 1930. Smyth bound hardcover, with acid free pages and dust jacket.
True adventure story! We sold everything to sail the world on our sailboat. It took 4 years, 35,000 nautical miles to see 30 countries.
Beyond the images of the U.S. hostages and President Ahmadinejad, millions desire freedom and dignity.  Reza's story is their voice.

Coffee adventures happen everywhere.  This book project documents the relationship that people have with coffee and how it connects peeps to peeps.
We are working on a book project called BIG CLASS.  The book will contain stories from 1st-graders illustrated by grown-up artists.
For their Senior Capstone, Nick Joos and Jim Naprstek are creating a book about the people of Dubuque who you won't find on Wikipedia.
Judyth Vary Baker would like to tell her amazing story to the American people.
What is trust? Delve into the Rose language to develop more effective and healthy ways to trust.
Most exciting book of 2013, huge potential, 25 topics, life-changing short stories, excellent reviews, needs funding for publicity.
Dancing with the Hardest Challenge of my Life became a Gift to Live Life with Meaning and Face Each Day with Purpose!
Drinking Liberally co-founder Justin Krebs will tour the country with "538 Ways to Live, Work & Play Like a Liberal."  Can you donate funds or miles?
A botanist obsessed with tropical fruits travels the world to produce a magisterial book on the subject.
It is time for "How To Avoid Being Sad-Volume 2"! This one is a gift for my best friend, who needs a huge shot of sunshine and joy.
Airfare for journalist to travel to Mongolia to document the introduction of small-scale mechanization to traditional felt making.
Chiari is a disease that affects the brain. We are creating a comic book that explains and provides key resources for assistance.
Multi-tiered deconstruction of  our crumbling relationship mythology + exploration of evolution of relationship + hijinks + hilarity
Ever listened to music and wondered, "How does this all work?" Understand the patterns and logic behind the beautiful world of music.
We hope to write a story of ancient Nicaragua through fieldwork at the Chiquilistagua archaeological site.  Help us make history!
One journalist's stories and reflections on the journey from lifelong New Zealander to American permanent resident.
A book (and interactive, multimedia eBook) of my experiences and insights from living in China.
Two new papers tied to the labyrinthine novel "House of Leaves" -- one exploring it as a Gothic text, the other it as meta-narrative
An in-depth look at 12 social issues in America, their implications and how we can solve them.
A book on dealing with concurrent processes in JavaScript without losing your sanity.
This book is an introduction to mindfulness and Buddhism from a student in her early 20's traveling in Thailand and America.
This memoir is about my struggle to reconcile with my crazy Colombian father who went from rags to riches back to rags.
A guide to the usage and enunciation of English in classical singing written by a professional singer and teacher with unique ideas.
In 2005 I met who i thought was the person who would complete me after an abusive and disjointed childhood, 10 years on things changed.
A year-long solo walk around Britain's coast, exploring the interactions between landscapes & identity, walking, the wild, & happiness.
A collaborative anthology of the best stories that 2nd Story has to offer! Coming to you November 5, 2012.
A cookbook for men that have never cooked anything without a microwave.
"Risk Factors" is a collection of monologues detailing a young woman's experience with breast cancer: 100% true, raw, painful, funny, and inspiring.
A compelling, fun and inspiring must-read for anyone who has run or aspires to run the world's most coveted race, the Boston Marathon.
Reved Quarterly is celebrating a decade in print with a not-for-profit, high-quality coffee table book featuring jury-voted stories!
This project is so I can obtain a cover image for my biography of Frances Chesterton
James, "Clean-up"a homeless man in Oakland wants to change views on the homeless by writing a book sharing his secrets of survival.
A zine created by PSU students and the Independent Publishing Resource Center focusing on the voice of teen girls!
Trailer, featuring author & graphics, for memoir/self-help book in breaking the silence of infertility & recovery. (www.everupward.org)
The 1925 murder of Kansas farmwife Florence Knoblock changed an entire community.
This is my story of life and what i have survived. My 13 year old son Alec passed away in his sleep.
A book about Digital Publishing and new ways to organize, create and deliver media experience.
To finish my first book about my inaugural trip abroad and resultant expatriation, I need to return overseas.
"Minority of Mind" tells of the break into schizophrenia that began the day of graduation, while Ted Turner gave the key note address
An irreverent survival guide to extreme-budget backpacking and a madcap journey into the heart of Asia; a twisted, two-year webzine.
Pre-orders of "The Modern Time Traveler" will help in the publishing and promotion of the book. Book will be released August 22nd, 2014
Love's Letters is a series of 52 micro-sized coaching sessions disguised as writing prompts to support you on the road to happiness!
This book celebrates the victories and resiliency of Latina women immigrants in the U.S. Each woman symbolizes a thread of tenderness.
My memoir as I retrace my brother's final steps across Europe before he lost his life in the United States Air Force at 21 years old.
A rare look into the life of Karol Wojtyla before he became Pope John Paul II.
A 1305-mile walk across Turkey, from Aegean to Iran. Why? To get to know it, again, and show it to others via books and photos.
The pür•spirits cocktail book portraying ladies of spirit in the Bay Area and beyond
A book about a simple action that resolved a life long question about what I really am.
"Dispatch from Disneyland" weaves short stories and rare trivia to evoke the spirit of the Magic Kingdom for those who can't be there in person.
Dialogues on Improvisation and the Spirit of Creative Music, featuring conversations with 25 leading creative composer-improvisers.
A business memoir that explains Nortel Networks' demise from the perspective of Organization Development, by the former head of OD.
Tales of (mis)adventure from the Gulf Coast to the Great Lakes in a home-built boat with a plywood hull, a 2x4 mast, and a tarp sail.
A book about the forgotten history of Ross-shire football, following Tain's Saint Duthus FC.
In turns heartbreaking and inspirational, over 20 black women share deeply moving stories about giving birth and childbirth activism
A book series exploring the parts of JavaScript that we all think we understand but don't REALLY know.
Upon returning from Israel, I'll prepare, deliver, and publish a series of talks about emerging generations and peace in the Holy Land.
The Advent Book is a beautiful guide to help families make Christmas more meaningful.
This book demystifies addiction, defies stigma, offers hope for recovery, and serves as a guide for families and individuals.
Clouse's Houses is my story of creativity, outdoor adventure and the spiritual pondering that has transformed my perception of "house".
A biography about Richard Turner, whose short life (he was assassinated at 36) inspired many to imagine an ideally possible society.
A true story of hope about a girl living in her own prison of silence, shame, and a hurting heart until she found her voice.
The American: The Life, Times, and War of Basil Antonelli is a true American story of immigration, assimilation, courage and sacrifice.
Researchers set off on an adventure to uncover the stories, art, & historical significance of the Macon & Acme Brewing Companies
La prima edizione del libro definitivo sul mondo dei sistemi Apple: macOS, iOS, tvOS, watchOS. Come vogliono davvero i lettori.
LitUp Writers aims to bring laughter and levity into life through our June storytelling event and print magazine.
This is a portrait of the tireless and uncompromising David Brower whose passion defined the 20th century environmental movement.
This book is a digest of the journals I kept while caring for my father throughout his battle with Alzheimer's.
A book of haunting, humbling and awe-inspiring “visual stories” painted about – and by – refugee youth from Burma.
Reprint my recent book Tibetan Dream Yoga; The Royal Road to Enlightenment.  The first edition is almost sold out.
The Game Design Forum's series on reverse-engineering the design of classic videogames continues with Chrono Trigger!
Tales from the rollercoaster of 20th Century Bronx history told by men and women who rode it up and down and kept on keeping on
Inspiring young women to find themselves and pursue their passions through true stories that are inspiring, funny & vulnerable.
The ongoing critical study of My Little Pony: Friendship Is Magic as a work of art. Essays on every episode of Season 2 and more!
A story of struggle, fame, fatherhood, madness, addiction, rehabilitation and redemption in post-apocalyptic New Orleans.
A book about Silicon Valley startups, oriented towards and for engineers. Why to join a startup, what to do to maximize financial advantages.
A first aid manual for nonprofits, social enterprises; any group pulled away from its important purpose.
A complete guidebook to the Columbia River Gorge National Scenic Area, which is like a national park but with better restaurants.
Flyktninger er folk. Noen er kanskje de mest spennende personene du kan møte. Dette er historien om en av dem, min ektemann, Ali.
Help us publish handmade zines.
Join Sue Perryman as she watches every episode of Blake's 7 for a blog and ebook project.
The life and times of Ken Duncan.  A common man with an uncommon dream!
In this book series, musicians & writers discuss when they first heard an iconic band: Bowie, Joy Division, Kate Bush, Smiths, & more.
A book of locally-authored stories bringing human context to the campaign to stop construction of the Las Cruces hydroelectric dam.
Dramatic Earth images with statements by Apollo astronauts about protecting our home in the form of a free ebook.
This is a hands on book filled with inspirations and fun projects to launch a lifetime love of photography.
I'm looking to take several posts about Star Wars from my statistics blog and turn them into an e-book with more overall structure.
Gastvrij Organiseren is een boek dat je helpt betrokkenheid te creëren bij de mensen die je nodig hebt om je idee te realiseren.
A memoir about finding hope in the midst of: Addictions, Bankruptcy, Suicide and Cancer.
A memoir about a miraculous adoption, love, doing what's right, and growing up deaf in America."
A culinary, cultural adventure inspired by 83 year old Peppa Piras from the Italian Island of Sardinia and her fantastic Sardinian food
A powerful and inspiring book from a native of Washington, DC, about overcoming adversity and the lessons learned from it.
 This will fund a radical self-help book, harvesting efforts, my challenge to the logic of the system we're caught in, and provide fresh fruit.
"Lost Journal Vol. 1 - 3."  Each book has 90 of my nationally syndicated humor columns and 90 classic photos.
The oral history of Murray State's 2010 NCAA Tournament buzzer-beating win over Vanderbilt.
The story of three remarkable students - a poet, an athlete, and a political scholar - as told by their former English teacher.
What do you do when your life's work crumbles? You walk it off over 2100 miles and 6 months, get your shit together and write a book.
I'm raising funds to reprint an art book about my experience as an artist-in-residence at a rustic dune shack on the Cape Cod National Seashore.
apocalypse ux is the book that describes the inevitable demise of user experience in one very long sentence devoid of punctuation
Built in 1922 the Belchertown State School for the Feeble Minded would become a snake pit, changing the world of mental health forever.
The ABC's of Edible Landscaping has been written and now needs your help to be printed and spread like seeds across Americas suburbia.
Do you love mushrooms? Our beautifully photographed field guide eases you into the magical world of mushroom hunting.
FOUR LETTER WORDS: Conversations on Faith's Beauty and Logic. Pre-order now and guide a drifting culture to solid truth.
The skateboard life as told by a guy that never went pro or got famous but lived the skatelife in every aspect of his life.
An anthology of moving and personal stories written by women experiencing hysterectomy.
one dozen essays, three each in four categories: The arts, travel, sports, miscellaneous
Acquire photographs of Sanskrit palm leaves in Hamburg, Germany, the greatest collection of South Indian phonology texts in the world.
The 16% Book outlines how ministry leaders must identify the right number and qualities of their people to effectively bring change.
The five basics of machine embroidery for a beginner: machine, stabilizer, needles, thread, and the Beginner Workbook.
In a science-journalism, narrative style, Fringe explores the lives of queer people who exist on the edges of the gay community.
Every time your story intersects with another person's story, perhaps it's more than a coincidence.
Why not Rise above the Pain and Dysfunctions of your Past and Land Purposely in your Promised Future.... It's a Choice
A limited-edition cookbook of recipes from the winter 2009 season of Soup and Bread, a free weekly soup meal and fundraiser at the Hideout in Chicago.
Support fabulous illustrations in a wide ranging book on industrial sites, their aftermaths & memory
Help fab journo Gareth Porter write his timely book on how Israel and the US "constructed" the Iran nuclear crisis. Due out Fall 2013!
Which bird did Noah first send out from the Ark after the flood?
        Wrong. 
	The dove was his second try.
	First was a raven.
London is the most multicultural city in the world and this travel guide will help you explore it through neighborhoods, food and music
I've spent 20+ years studying the alleged conflict between Science & Theism. Using logic and data from Science, I show it to be false.
This primer provides an accessible overview of the legal status and rights of community gardens in NYC, written for a general audience.
A memoir of God's silence, and what happened when He spoke again--and all the beauty and pain before and between.
My new book on Atlantic City's history from 1854 to today needs a little help to go live.
Help publish the first book of Sunanda writings from a blog that shares perceptions about inner knowing.
Help preserve ethnobotanical knowledge of the Oglala Lakota on the Pine Ridge Indian Reservation; encourage sustainable use of plants.
The aim is to study and publish a large collection of  unique ancient artifacts from Jerusalem that are in danger of being lost forever
54 cards, each packed with permaculture information.  People, plants, ideas, animals, techniques ...
A book about what happened when I quit my job, sold my house, solo traveled around the world.
Family stories are more than just tales that we tell. They are our values, our legacy, perpetuated by the stories we tell...and re-tell
Want to help change the lives of children who need it most? I'll help you get there.
A girl, a boat, and 100 miles of ocean produce the reflection on how an incorrigible disease has altered the voyage into adulthood.
Nationally published USjournalist/college prof wants to tell story of  tiny circus school and the changes in the lives of all involved.
The 1917-18 WW1 diary of my Great Uncle. Daily account of training/transport/western front/post war Europe
I want to Hike 300 Miles of the Appalachian Trail!  In June/July 2013.   I want to make a photo book that goes along with my journal.
From deaths door to running across Death Valley. A story of redemption, addiction, demons, weight loss and ultra-running.
In March,'86 Simon Keith was given 6 weeks to live. Today he is the worlds first heart transplanted professional soccer player.
Sacred Plants is a book about the connection between plants and a small group of plant Shamans and farmers in the jungle of Belize.
A definitive oral history of Baltimore club music, tracing its unique and influential fusion of hip hop and house music over two decades. 
80 new schools and a community approach are transforming public education in Oakland, CA.
Fund this fact-gathering, media-collecting, networking research adventure to Denmark to help the publisher of an online memoir follow her bliss.
The story of one man's obsession with the people, places and music of Iceland.
A practical tailoring and patterning guide to the Caftans of historical Central Asia and the cultures that produced them.
Most adult educators are untrained. This free, beautiful e-book gives everything you need to be a successful adult education teacher.
A journey across China and into the soul of a young American. A book of teaching, travel, and transformation.
"I'll Take You In My Suitcase" is a semi-autobiorgraphical book written by myself, chronicling my learnings in South America.
An illustrated collection of essays and prose exploring the present tense. A field guide to the marks and traits and habits of now.
A book of thirteen stories about those who live with the often misdiagnosed autoimmune illness Sjögren's Syndrome.
A collection of call stories from Baptist women ministers.
Two, to one, Be. Creating lasting memories of the fight to Save Undershaw - the home of Sir Arthur Conan Doyle and Sherlock Holmes.
Help put this book on the map. “The next paradigm,  It will take you to a place from which you will never re-emerge.”  Heinz Insu Fenkl
The book will highlight PTSD and addiction/treatment struggles from veterans from our most recent conflicts including myself.
100 days for everyone stands for claiming the space and time you need to find your true self, and live the life you want.
The controversial call, characters and surprises that made the 2012 Iowa Caucuses like no other.
The amazing story of the Happy Life orphanage in Nairobi in Kenya which has helped hundreds of abandoned babies in Kenya's capital.
A meditation on fame and treating a son with leukemia, by a former Squirrel Nut Zipper.  By turns hilarious and heartbreaking.
"Fire Your Job, Hire Yourself: The Planning Guide to Starting Your Own Business." What's holding you back?
America by Night is a four-month driving tour across the United States to explore and document nocturnal culture.
Georgetown Chi Alpha is working on publishing a 30-day devotional for students ready to take the next steps in their faith.
The memoir, Reconstruction, bares a grim tale of disease, disfigurement, phantasmagoria and despair, resulting in healing restoration.
The definitive guide to Penn State's 2014 season, by the bloggers, for the fans.
Evergreen in the City of Angels is a book which explores LA's oldest nondenominational cemetery.
Looking to republish and market this beautiful book in paperback and digital forms honoring men who gave their lives in World War II.
Please support us in our first book project, "Weeds Of The Mind".  It is quite a step of faith but we are excited!  Enjoy the video...
The biblical Book of Daniel is jam-packed with incredible relevance for Christians. Help me illuminate the lessons it holds today.
17 Pieces is a collection of short stories, or pieces, about various types of love and the impact they have on us.
A memorable and compelling way to teach the Boy Scouts of America Wilderness Survival merit badge.
A step  by step guide to JBPM for beginner, intermediate and advanced users.
Wonder Woman is the most successful feminist bondage utopia of the 20th century. Paradise Dungeons is the story of what that means.
A comprehensive non-fiction book explaining the natural world around us through analogies and simple language.
An intensive and entertaining book about everything you need to know before you shout Action!
A book designed to help women find a relationship between their physical, emotional and spiritual health for overall well being.
We’re very excited to be launching our brand new book, Simply Trusting God – Living the Lessons of George Mueller in the 21st Century.
A long overdue biography of my favourite band - Japan.
(Image above previously unpublished courtesy of Nicola Tyson)
A memoir that explores the relationship between father/son, religion, parenting, and the suicide of my father Don Thomas Finster.
I, Kyle Scheele, have written a book. It's pretty good. You should buy it.
With all of the End Times buzz and noise around us... the right book, at the right time, is finally here!  Can I get a yip yip?
The time has come to know the truth about Tesla - one of the greatest geniuses of the past century whose time has come!
3 DAYS TO GO! A multi narrative investigation of the first steps out into the theatre world. How do you you make the leap?
"Why We Ride" is a collection of my best writing on cycling and the cycling life.
There's soon to be a new Loom Knitting pattern book on the market, with 30+ fun & engaging projects to make for the kids in your life!
The last cocktail book you'll ever need.
A book about the life and stone houses of American architect, Frazier Forman Peters.
A journey into the high Andes, exploring the spaces where tourism and traditional culture converge.
The Outerweb is a new book & term on Internet melting with the physical & biological world. How must we handle this? Women are the key!
A look at the LA music scene of the 60s through the lens of its greatest songs.
"The Road to Becoming" is a spiritual memoir and laugh-out-loud journey through seasons of change, waiting and finding new life.
Growing Up Boeing - the memoir of a test pilot's daughter, raised to approach life as reward for pushing the envelope's edge.
Over 235 healthy recipes for two made with fresh & readily available ingredients in less than an hour - many in less than half an hour.
The girls next door, discovered by a talent scout, head to New York and will create a calendar of photos, insights and experiences.
Nothing says love like duct tape. It's strong, sticky, has a dark side and a light side... where were we going with this?
Help me illuminate the lessons to be found in 1–2 Thessalonians and encourage Christians to live more like Jesus until he returns.
The long awaited book which will tell the history of the Dondero High School Pop Concert from the first note to the last.
Forged in Fire: The true story of  the most famous regiment of the American Civil War.
Writing a paper for the Wesleyan Theological Society on preaching Holiness using a Centered-Set Model.
Book about individuals, entrepreneurs, and investors that see both financial and spiritual rewards in the movement to sustainable food.
I might be dead if others hadn't shared their stories of recovery with me. Help me share mine. It could save someone's life.
An easy to digest guide that will help and inspire you from the time you arrive in the US, change visa statuses and launch your career.
"A Christian Nation? An examination of Christian nation theories and proofs" is my first public nonfiction book.
Biography of Jay Sarno, who built Caesars Palace & Circus Circus & inspired modern Las Vegas.
When the kindness of God swallows all the darkness He brought you through to find it.
Everybody has the right to create freedom in business and live life on their own terms and that's what this book will teach you to do.
Large-size people tell their heroic, touching, and funny stories of social and self-acceptance in romantic and sexual relationships.
Presenting the Sword of the Spirit in a life-transforming way!
"What happened next?" was the common question of those who read the first edition of my story. Now, here's what followed the drama!
The border between human and animals melts in this book just as shy Kinako melted Jiji's heart.
This is their story.
The Art of Leadership in Times of Crisis
Short but powerful book in which an elite athlete shares his insights on positivity, spiritual growth, and the power of second chances.
Let's save American history! The goal is preserve the register of Colored Marriages of Saline County, Mo, 1865-1870  for public access.
A primer on why we are where we are and paths to a more equitable tomorrow.
Join a journey of multi-cultural interaction and learning, creating a tool to spur conversations beyond cliches toward reconciliation.
Over a billion people love his true story. Do you?  Become a backer of the highly anticipated masterpiece, "Greatest Man of All Time."
These are stories of fat kids, former fat kids, and kids who think they are fat. They will make you cry, and then make you think.
A combat veteran is trying to tell the unheard story of what really happened during one of the largest battles of the Iraq war
Ananda Leeke, an author & Internet geek, raised part 1 of her Digital Sisterhood book funding in 2010. Now she's back to raise part 2.
Beth Ruggiero-York has written a book to guide all levels of photographers to success with night photography. Have fun in the dark!
Yippee! After 2 years of obstacles, I'm finally ready to self-publish my book! It's time to help parents & teachers with their boys!
A book on the rich history of RI beer and brewing from past to present with The History Press as part of their American Palate series.
Your backing will allow me to publish a memoir about becoming an Ironman with Clubfoot. Help this book inspire parents and kids with CF
Have you ever wondered how much money that guy with the cardboard sign makes? I did...and I decided to find out.
A glimpse into the minds of people battling their addictions.
Carrot Quinn, adventure travel writer, walks from Mexico to Canada and publishes a beautiful full-length book about the journey.
Every woman of worth should read this book; the young, the mature, newly married and recently divorced. It's truly a woman's journey.
Funding for the typesetting costs for the forthcoming book THE UNDEAD AND THEOLOGY (Wipf & Stock).
The book that could change your life. Haven't you always wanted to be better at life, love, and everything? 50 essays to get you there.
The project collects and preserves testimonies on the unique experiences of women under the genocidal Khmer Rouge regime (1975-1979).
Support for print & strategic mktg costs to get this book in flight, sharing 70+ yrs of history & humor by this Coastal NC author.
We hit goal for physical books! New $ pay to research breaking news from backer on Schiller circle in 1940s and produce 2 audiobooks!
UK politicians & media talk like it's easy to move to the UK. People actually immigrating here tell a different story. I'm one of them.
Airing Dirty Laundry is a memoir about a latin "It" girl who is deceived by a modern pirate and her fab life is haunted by abuse.  ,
A book about meditation, spirituality, and how I got my life together.
Take a fun personal journey helping others with unexpected acts of kindness. Make the world a better place. The rewards are great.
After spending years learning strategies to cope with anxiety, I have complied all of them into a handy journal form!
How's this for a deal? You help out with publishing my first book and you get both goodies AND big street cred as a patron of the arts!
Kids today are not good at geography. Using celestial navigation through interactive media reaches and teaches this generation.
East Florida was the most diverse population in North American during the 18th Century; who were these people and how did they live?
'These are the Voyages - TOS, Season 1' is the book Gene Roddenberry and Robert H. Justman wanted you to read.
Essays on the motivations, principles and practices of Reformed worship.
"The Symbol" is a coffee-table book about the Ibiza Wall Lizard - a threatened lizard species that's endemic to Ibiza and Formentera.
This book will acclimate new dogs into DTLA with respect to their safety, the other citizens, BID and our storefronts and sidewalks.
Inspiring real-life story of a man’s journey from hopeless/jobless to confident/successful and how jobseekers can escape unemployment
The Bike House will voyage to faraway Texas to swap wisdom and skillshare with other cooperatives.
When it comes to the Gospel most people have a "flat earth" belief, Six Symbols is a voyage over the horizon; the Gospel is "round."
An inspiring book that will not only transform the reader's body but mind & heart. Using fitness to get from rock bottom to overcomer.
I need to promote my memoir, "Tough as Nails." It's about how my single young Mom and I both came of age and came out.
The debut book from author, photographer, ultramarathon runner, and glazed doughnut connoisseur Cory Reese.
A book featuring young people in the United States in the summer of 2016. Profiles from a generation at an apex of cultural growth.
The best of Ed Quillen’s Denver Post columns from 1999-2012 collected in a beautiful anthology.
Join me to explore non-partisan solutions to our nation's critical issues in my book Yield for Oncoming Greatness.
PHASE II (PROJECT RELAUNCH). Unveiling the most general law of relativity. Quantum, relativistic, and Newtonian Mechanics' common link.
The BOYS FROM HOUSTON, reveals the 1960's music scene through interviews and rare photographs.
A book about 46 years of building community through basketball, written by folks who have been a part of the tradition.
I survived two terminal Diagnosis and a journey through Hospice without an immune system. I think the world needs to know how.
A collection stories from and of Latin American coffeepeople, gathered over a year-long, mostly rogue, investigative odyssey.
Like Drivers Ed for the Social Web, this course will prep tweens for their 1st Facebook account. With a twist. Parents study, too.
My world shattered when I was raped. I asked God to show me why He allowed that to happen. His answer changed my life forever.
Our SBCC marketing group is raising money to purchase copies of Mark Hardcastle's, Symphony of Your Life, for the SB Rescue Mission.
Join us in our quest to study predators and other Alaskan wildlife in one of the last pristine ecosystems in the world!
A short and amusing book telling stories of bodges and balls-ups in car factories around the world, as experienced by the author.
Krisboken - nyckeln till att överleva trots urusel ekonomi. Ta kontroll över ekonomin, få spartips och öka inkomsten.
"A Treasure Of A Book In Joyful Words And Fine Art Photography, Celebrating GOING GREENER"
The instant transformation from healthy go-getter to dependent patient from an unexpected brain tumor and the road to recovery.
Book about the speed of light, and discovery that light is slowing down.  Open access scientific paper available to all.
Come share my journey – and keep what resonates for you: the physical, mental, and mystical trek that landed me on two Olympic Teams.
"Coffee Spanish" is the language of coffee. A field guide for English OR Spanish speaking coffee professionals who want to learn more
Diabetes certainly isn't funny,but when faced with the disease for life, you have to make the best of it!
An inspirational true story of one mother's epic fight for the return of her children and her chilling encounters with Social Services.
Have you ever wondered whether aid programs actually work? This book will review the quantitative evidence in plain English.
A groundbreaking new book examining how legal marijuana will likely be treated in the United States 20 years from now.
The goal of this project is to produce a complete book on Modelica that is available under a Creative Commons (BY-NC-ND) license.
Everyone has a family. Few people go and find them.
The story of my life as an animal control officer and my passion to make a difference.
True stories of what is happening in hearts and minds of law enforcement; a way to see them as what they are – human.
Book, One Simple Word, done. Speaking platform, launched. Now, raising funds to write One Simple Word workbook for small group studies.
Bob Perry could have been the greatest bowler who ever lived. Then John Gotti slid behind the driver's seat.
You've heard the buzzword - here are the tools. Curation is an emerging editorial art - and together we'll explore how it's done right.
Join Michele Rae in creating her new book: Living From the Center Within: Co-Creating Who We Are Becoming
Democracy in the workplace: a book on worker-owned co-operatives in the USA highlighting many examples of existing co-ops.
Liminal, a glimpse into America's refugee experience. Discover the space-time of a fragmented identity with a teenage Armenian refugee.
My life: A sadomasochistic fairy tale.
A Gluten, Grain, Casein and Refined Sugar-free pastry cookbook so you can enjoy celebrating in style, in spite of dietary restrictions!
CSSN Racing is writing a book detailing the defense of our Ultimate Speed Challenge wins/record. Photos, tests, speed secrets & more!!!
My project will compare genetic diversity of four species of lizards in the Mojave Desert, as a real-life model of genetic theory.
10 days, 2 writers, 1 America. It's time to hit the road and ask the question: What Are Americans Like Today?
Halt climate change before it is too late by choosing plant foods over animals: research & talk preparation.
A book that's part memoir and part motivation for pursuing creative passions. Tools to arm you in exploring a different existence!
The book is written, preserving important history of the women's movement from 1970 to 2000. Now I need your help to have it published
I'm writing a book about the spirituality found in baseball, and I'm hitting all 30 MLB ballparks this year to spark the storytelling.
The story of a bartender competing with age, hot-shot prospects, and his own moments of self-doubt to chase his baseball dream.
An handbook of quests and ideas for creating memorable father and son experiences while visiting the Disneyland Resort.
Book is guaranteed to change lives and inspire: Selling drugs, two kids prior to high school graduation, guns, and six college degrees.
Comedian Robert Schimmel touched millions of lives.  Our tribute will make you laugh, cry, and allow his fans to share their stories.
I'm writing a book on the spirituality of leading from the future. It's called Makers of Fire. I'd love your help getting it out there.
Mostly Lies is a true story, except for the stuff I made up. It's an essay collection of creative nonfiction and uncreative fiction.
An oral history of the legendary Kansas House of Arlington, VA., a 15-year collective of artists and musicians.
A book on exercise, healthy eating, positive mindset, and more!
Give presence to indigenous leaders from West Papua who have surprising visions of hope. 
It is our duty as deists, ietsers, atheists, agnostics, apostates,to know who we are and examine the shit that doesn't make sense.
A hilarious and gritty journey out of the ravages of substance addiction and sexual trauma, and into Sacred Sex and Neo-Tantra!
A guidebook to history, culture and nature on the North Shore of Massachusetts, from Salem to Gloucester to Newburyport.
A collection of shorts stories about my time as an Infantry Platoon Leader in one of the most dangerous provinces in Afghanistan.
A one-day event (and ebook), with expert thought leaders holding divergent opinions, on the alarming phenomena of extended adolescence.
A debut memoir about surviving against all odds, and the astonishing surprises life bears
Petersburg: Valor and Slaughter will be published by Potomac Books in 2015 but I need money for maps, images, and an index.
Part tell-all, part guide book from a woman who went on 121 first dates. Help fund this book tour & save women from heartache & defeat.
A book about Christian discipleship based on 1 John (see 1 John 5:13). Help me get this book published!
Making babies should be HOT, it should be FUN, not a chore.
It's all about 'Keeping it SEXY while you are trying to conceive'
Publishing the 'Wife in Space' blog as a collectable series of ebooks and limited edition paperbacks. Definitely not for kids!
Help me publish my book of stories and insights from 25 years of reducing violence in Boston and cities around the country.
Two Sisters touring the Northwest telling their stories of love, travel, and adventure. Join them on their book tour adventure.
From diagnosis to surgery, chemotherapy, radiation and hormone therapy drugs, this is what One Year with Cancer looks like.
Are you tired of hearing about innovation & disruption? Me too - that's why I wrote a new kind of book on the topic.
Wrong club again? Know your distances? This junior golfer has set out to create high-quality Yardage Books for public golfers.
Know More, Pour More is a series of online wine guides to supplement all that wine tasting you do!
My 5th book will tell the story of my life before the war, as a paratrooper during the war & as a veteran & writer after the war.
Traversing rural Romania to record the old knowledge of how to live--gathering a disappearing wisdom.
The Lord is There is a study book on the prophecy of Ezekiel, intending to make this deep book accessible to every believer.
Leading you deeper into the world of third party Transformers toys and accessories. The sequel to Transforming Collections!
A true story of God working miracles through the courage and talents of his greatest creations - people.
Help inner-city high school students realize their dreams of publishing their own life stories in a professional-looking anthology!
Travel through ancient South Indian temples, lush mountain retreats, and buzzing night clubs on a journey to self discovery and love.
Our book is a compilation of creative talents and stories of amazing breast cancer survivors. Help us inspire other survivors!
Zeeko - Internet Safety Guide provides information for parents and teachers to keep their children safe online
Part memoir, part exploration of my approach to releasing trauma, this is my story and the stories of nine other women.
An Adoption Story
This book will teach ANYBODY to use hypnosis to fix problems (for themselves & others) and a great reference book for Hypnotherapists
The true supernatural story of an ex-witch saved by grace and overwhelmed by God's relentless love.
Support Christine Sherwood's new book about embracing the catalysts in our lives and the gifts they ignite.
An Autobiographical story about the junior tennis/junior tennis parenting experience.
I'm almost ready to publish my first ebook. I'd love to publish it through a writing business I want to set up called Words Like Silk.
 "The Internet of Elsewhere" is a book about the history and effects of the Internet in four countries around the globe.
Life Lessons from My Two-Decade Friendship with Humanitarian and Coach John Wooden to Help 'Make Each Day Your Masterpiece'
Help me raise awareness of the issue of computerized election theft and the critical importance of observable vote counting.
We are creating the first in depth, full color bouldering guidebook to the New River Gorge in Fayetteville, WV. Over 1000 problems.
High school students learn principles of design, engineering & publishing by building a working wind turbine.
This is more than just a book of stories, this is about inspiring woman world wide to never settle for less than they are worth.
Written and illustrated by Varnica Bajaj. It is a touching account about my experiences as a volunteer in a medical booth camp.
Andrea Needham's gripping inside account of how ten women disarmed a warplane bound for genocide in East Timor - and were acquitted.
Grandson of a slave, Joe grew up in rural MS & joined the Navy.  Segregated on Iwo Jima, he battled racism without developing hate.
A memoir style collection of big lessons learned in small moments abroad.
For the Feeling is a deeply personal memoir, a blueprint for creative spaces and a road map to new consciousness.
Compelling eyewitness accounts of December 7, 1941 through the eyes of men, women & children living along Ford Island's Battleship Row.
Ciao L.A. is raising money to print the new edited version for publishing consideration.  A photographic memoir of a young girl on a journey. 
I have started a publishing company (www.motionpub.com) and am raising funds to release my third book: The New Small (trade paperback)
Have you ever had a travel experience that you knew if shared could make the world a better place?
Pre-order Jason's book & help us with the 2012 book launch tour. Thanks for all your assistance. JH
What did you do last year?  Skydive? Met Ellen? Open a Business? Backpack Europe? Find out how your adventures stack up statistically.
Stories and Photos of women worldwide, all facing 40.  Is age just a number? Hear their stories and find your 40!
A Hurricane, Leadership From the Heart, and the Quest for a Life of Purpose.
A guide to help identify, embrace and enjoy unique individual style. A few great rewards levels including both ebook and print copies.
Help us solve the mystery of the Iron Age massacre, at the unique archaeological site of Sandby borg in Sweden!
iPhone, IMAX, iWhatever. Shooting compelling video is more about the craft than it is about the camera.
A two-year adventure that laid to rest 25 years of guilt when I stumbled upon passion, peace and morsels of wisdom while sitting still.
Real-time travel writing, audio, and video of a northbound journey following the historic routes along the Mississippi River valley.
'God in New York' looks at our current understanding of god through interviews with a cross-section of the city about their beliefs.
"Baby Daddy" is a true love story about parenting, heartbreak, marriage and Brooklyn. Wanna help me get it edited?
My 40-year memoir of the joys and struggles with my own spirituality, gender identity, and commitment to living true to myself.
The candid tale of a young girl's poignant & wondrous adventures in 1970s Hare Krishna ashrams.
Jimi Hendrix - A Visual Spiritual Odyssey. Inside stories from guitar heroes and Jimi confidants about the world's greatest guitarist,
How to Kiss Like a Movie Star is a collection of 15 funny, boldly honest essays about learning to become the star of one's own life.
New book and lecture series at schools and science museums about a National Geographic-featured family adventure.
an oral history project documenting the diverse experiences of rural, small town, & country LGBTQI folks in the U.S.A.
This book is a collection of my stories about growing up in Lake Placid, NY, a tiny Adirondack town that hosted two Winter Olympics.
Genocide memorials evoke powerful feelings in us all. Let's design a way to translate them into real, sustainable action.
A collection of interviews with rock and metal stars from the pages of HM Magazine, where we talk both music and God.
Empowering women/girls to achieve their personal greatness with confidence through real life stories, filled with hope & inspiration.
Life Gives Me Lemons: Adventures in Bad Luck & Bold Misfortune chronicles the humorous mishaps of a female outdoor sports thrill-seeker
A movement and healthy living journal which helps clarify your thoughts, track progress and reach your goals.
The ultimate screencast and written guide to what's new and different in Ruby 2.0 compared to Ruby 1.9 & 1.8.
This book and documentary will trace the influence of Aleister Crowley upon the history and culture of the 20th Century.
Help me complete a book about magic disguised as a book about mathematics disguised as a book about programming for the web.
Be part of teaching American high school students about Ireland!
A ridiculous workaday account of five years spent working as a bouncer in a multi-million dollar Las Vegas nightclub.
Unusual and offbeat stories from the gravesites of the US presidents. First stop: DC.
Heartache, humor and art bring mental illness to life after a child's suicide and gives it a voice, a purpose, and a place in humanity.
DAS Nachschlagewerk für das Universum des Horror-Schriftstellers H. P. Lovecraft – mit Daten, Fakten, Landkarten und vielem mehr.
The story of one neighborhood, where, for a few years, students and Appalachian whites worked together for revolutionary change.
Challenging the stigma of drug addiction through an empathetic lens; I was wildly in love when he lost his life to heroin addiction.
A unique book encouraging children's science education w/ short stories: A scientific history of life & the universe unlike other books
A definite guide: featuring both theory & examples of how to bring web technologies in distributed architectures, by a renowned expert
Jack Drury and Mark Wagstaff want to create an electronic edition of The Backcountry Classroom.
The Enigmas of Wisdom and the Faith of Israel - A Study In The Book Of Ecclesiastes
A lifelong dream. A new kind of book. Fifty true stories on American life, work, dreams, and death.
Beaten, raped, and left for dead at age 18, this survivor's smile and laugh will warm your heart. Her story needs to be told.
CHSpurgeonQuotes.com has compiled Charles Haddon Spurgeon's best quotes arranged by subject + scripture into a must-have book.
An entertaining twist on start-up entrepreneurship told through the emotional and often comical journey of one unlikely frog company.
Anthology of disabled writers exploring the provocative sides of disability: sex, ableism, identity, parenting, crip culture and more.
Help fund the definitive history of one of Chicago's most beloved and notorious rock stations!
A broken 40-year old man returns to his hometown. A bizarre set of events brings a child into his life, and he is forever changed.
Paper to lay the groundwork for sensible policy on regulation of human spaceflight: http://www.transterrestrial.com/?p=42456
Elizabeth Hawley, Nepal’s iconic reporter, sets the record straight on the most tumultuous decades in Nepal’s political history.
so eat, drink, and be merry. // A new non-fiction book project from ryan miller.
I self-published a book last August.  It's won 10 indie awards - but I can't keep funding this project on my own (and great things lie ahead for it!).
Provide fathers information, inspiration and a plan to lead their sons to be responsible, accountable, mature men in the 21st century.
This is an e-book and art book that puts the top lessons from modern innovation gurus into a fun, easy "A-Z animals" framework
Ferrel shares his secrets and strategies for running a successful online player organization for the long term.
Woody Guthrie was born in 1912. I've spent 2012 chasing his legacy & the people carrying his torch, telling their stories.
A coming of age memoir.  It's Boston in the sixties and 5 best friends are exploring life in the fast lane.
A teen at a fork in his life chooses to leave the comfortable life.  With a one way ticket to Europe. Finding himself took being lost.
Time is not absolute—it can be squeezed and stretched. Here's how to slow time and compress years of life and meaning into each day.
After Addiction is a positive look at the journey of recovery and beyond through the Therapeutic Community "The Ley Community."
With over 90 in-depth reviews, The Drunken Tomato is the definitive guide to finding the best bloody marys in LA and the OC.
A Basiji, a junkie prince, a trichotillomaniac cousin, war refugees an & more fascinating profiles explain an unseen Iranian era.
100 days of writing from the hands and heart of Justin Barber, a 22 year old designer at Google.
Printing an insightful riding blog as a book, sharing thoughts and techniques, furthering discussion and understanding.
This book tells my story, both marvelous & mundane, of learning to truly hear the voice of the God. This adventure can be yours also.
My name is Steve Duno.  I write pet care books. I owe my career and my life to a dog. His name was Lou. Now I want the world to know about him.  
A book exploring the experience of coming to a crossroads, seeking the good way, choosing to walk in it, and discovering life.
"A millennial approach to redefining socialism, racism, spirituality and other political hot-button issues."
Learn to turn your ideas into reality, deliver on your promises, and get things done by learning the basics of project management.
A project giving voice to individuals living along the route of the proposed Northern Gateway pipeline.
Kitty Snow's great-grandfather was the 'poor man's photographer' and her book, On the West Clay Line, shares those photos and stories.
This book highlights my highly emotional (yet positive) journey growing up with a progressive curvature of the spine called scoliosis.
(2nd  chance!) Helping you to secure your computer and your data, using plain English, with step-by-step instructions. SECOND EDITION!
We will be traveling around Western China and the Tibetan Plateau to produce a collection of nonfiction photo-essays.
Wipf & Stock has accepted for publication *Our Father Who Aren't in Heaven*. Kickstart the upfront costs so the book gets out there.
The ButterflyFree Project is based on the writing of Jim Talentino, is being published in 3 parts and is focused on spiritual growth.
The latest memoir from Irish Buddhist, Seasoned Controversy Artist and Blue Collar Princess Spike Gillespie.
What the eyes don't see, the heart doesn’t feel. The Italian saying meant little to Jackie Russell until her world came crashing down.
I shall identify & publish six most elegant equations  and give them to  teachers as vinyl stickers  to promote mathematics and science
Believe in the message, support the book.
A New Day One is an educational memoir, aimed to educate the minds, inspire the hearts, and transform the lives of young people.
A candid, photographic exploration of our soldiers' extraordinary efforts and contributions while deployed to Afghanistan.
The hilarious, yet sincere story-driven guide to understanding – and overcoming – the pitfalls of modern dating.
A book with tips, resources, and emotional and spiritual support for young adults with cancer (& for their loved ones, too).
The Practicing Herbalist, a guidebook book for all. Connect wild herbs & foods, to understand facial lines, a comprehensive reference.
Julia withdrew from Vassar College, skipped her sister's wedding, and is addicted to cereal and HBO boxsets. She tells a mean story.
Chiefs, Pawns & Warriors unfolds a remarkable personal account of the events surrounding the NY 9/11 attacks & describes how to live a
The Professional Marketer is a new book that summarizes key skills in marketing, organized for quick reference by marketers.
Stage 4 cancer/addiction/homeless. Producing movies/concerts/ communing w/gurus/celebrities. Live "8 lives" to the max or die trying!
Interconnected nonfiction stories about being an American post-graduate and entering a deeply broken world.
De-stigmatize & clarify the confusion & secrecy associated with those who develop a virtual relationship:online or virtual world.
Hardback and Deluxe Slip-case Pre-Order of Peter H. Gilmore's book in Spanish.
Weird Stuff is an encyclopedia of the occult in pop culture, politics, and new technologies.
With an All-Star team of writers, this ebook honors the careers of baseball's under-celebrated stars, from Ken Boyer to Rondell White.
Homeschooling mom of 8 writes book about traveling the old-fashioned way. No DVDs or electronics. America is our screen.
An Oral History project aimed at examining how German Reunification has affected the folk traditions of the Harz Mountains.
How Intelligence Kills: What happens when 2 unique worlds collide and is the answer worth publishing?
6-day dollmaking workshop with Mimi Winer. Almost 6 hours of video. Male and female mannequins. Pattern draping to fit clothing.
The Rural Design Collective is a not-for-profit professional mentoring program which furthers the education and experience of residents of rural OR
LIFT, an acclaimed falconry memoir (soon-to-be audiobook) shares the journey of a woman and an impossible falcon who changes her life.
A history of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, told through the lives of its women.
A twenty-something's perspective on the executive facade. Advice, stories, and entertaining observations about life and business.
Preserving and sharing the colorful history of Ivywild in Colorado Springs.  It is a story worth supporting and enjoying. Please help!
Ale and Hearty - A social and agricultural history of Brewing in Lewes, East Sussex. A heritage photo book celebrating a tale of ale!
A moving, original collection of inspirational essays and true stories of life's shared experiences and unlikely intersections.
A mother's relationship with the daughter she gave up for adoption, exposing hard truths about adoption today.
Click here to pre-order your copy of The Starving Artist's Diet, a humor book that celebrates the artist, their work, and survival. Click & Pledge!
A book about finding meaning in your daily dance practice.
The very first comprehensive history of Americans in uniform who've stood up against injustice — from 1754 to today.
I am writing my autobiography.You would think that having Cerebral Palsy would slow a person down...but even dying didn't stop me.
20 years after the genocide, Rwandans continue to tell their story of survival. I wish to share their tales of hope and reconciliation.
I AM SCIENCE brings you the personal stories of the individuals who went off the beaten path toward their careers in science.
We're biking 3000 miles across the Southwest, seeking lessons for creating balanced human-land partnerships in a changing climate
I am looking to take time to write a book about my experiences as a female with Asperger's syndrome.
I will be writing about an upcoming experience I am taking with my Grandfather. I am 24 and he is 74. And we are walking 500 miles.
This book is the story of how meditation, tattoos, & punk rock transformed my life, ended my depression, & made me annoyingly happy.
Two veteran environmental journalists aim to crack open the FBI's covert attack on radical greens in a new book project.
Norman Rockwell's America was not all white. People of color were Rockwell models as early as 1936. But nobody talked about them.
In 1974 info maven Paul G Zurkowski coined "Information Literacy" I seek funds to document historic keynote speech/trip Istanbul Turkey
An American's Memoir of over a decade in Myanmar. The personal and public journey defined by the people and culture of Myanmar.
Our goal is to re-publish 500 old Christian books. Available to read online, to download, or as physical books. Help us make it!
An insider's guide to one of the South's most unique music and tribute festivals in the birthplace of the King of Rock and Roll.
Set in Harlem and Dominican Republic, Full of Grace, poetically follows Rosa's and her family's journeys of failed ventures in loving.
And at 25, the only thing I was entirely sure of in my small life was that I would regret it forever if I did not at least find out.
A 3-day creative writing workshop with teen girls in Port-au-Prince, Haiti & a publication of their works in the 2nd DAWP anthology.
We have decoded the secret language of the horse! What we have uncovered, will change your relationship with horses forever!
A detailed look at the workouts employed by famed distance coach Brad Hudson as he guides athletes to the next level.
We're going to publish my adventure travel stories and prove that dreams can come true - regardless of what the world throws at us :-)
The purpose of this book is to provide information on 5 religions and suggestions for how to talk to children about religion.
Take the SUCK out of your job search and land the right offers from the employers you really want to work for.
No direction/momentum in life? Too busy or broke to pursue your passions? Already given up on your biggest dreams? This is for YOU!
What if you could ride along on an ayahuasca pilgrimage straight into the heart of Brazil without leaving the comforts of home?
"All Downhill" is a book of humor columns about life in New York City. Also about men I've slept with. (Not sure how they sneaked in.)
We realized that tips on catching good waves related to catching good men, so we wrote a book about it!  ( aka SurfDateBook )
Interactive Map documenting the Ripley line of  Ohio's UGRR, Route, Safe Houses & Conductors, stories detailed Oberlin & Ripley maps
A collection of inspirational and motivational short stories poems and pictures, of real people who have triumphed over adversity.
Life lessons tied to golf stories. And golf lessons tied to life stories. Have more fun and be happier... on and off the course.
An insider's look at how the elite create and perpetuate poverty all over the world by economist Alfred P. Thorne.
For 2 decades Nick Gulas ruled Memphis Wrestling with an iron grip. In  1977, Jerry Jarrett would challenge him. A book on that battle
Preeminent authors from around the country celebrate the Endangered Species Act and the species it has saved in its 40th year.
Part composition. Part workbook. Part poetry. All About Love.
An exploration of art history through modern hand knits.

By using silhouettes from previous eras we can learn to flatter our bodies.
Book of flying model rocket rocket designs and how to make from wood. Unique flying model rockets.
A true story about finding what's important, starring brain damage, a sailboat, dogs, love, sex, Zen masters, Bahamian snakes and a new kind of poetry
Learn strategies for removing every ounce of fear from your life.  Also discover new insights on the "fear of God" and "healthy fear".
The first critical study of My Little Pony: Friendship Is Magic as a work of art. Essays on every episode of Season 1 and more!
Berlin, poor but sexy, is everyone's favorite city. These essays in list form offer an insider's perspective and lots of hot tips.
The Audiophile's Guide to Musical Satisfaction
My time spent in a third world jail cell exposed to help those that still struggle to survive in the inhumane conditions in Jamaica.
Support Idaho River Publication's on-the-trail research for the newest comprehensive guidebook to the White Cloud and Boulder Mountains
Insider's guide to over 250 rock climbs, camping, and trails in and around Smoke Hole Canyon, West Virginia's best-kept-secret.
Creative Soap Making - the basics and beyond .... is a great new soapmaking book, written to appeal to both beginning and experienced soapmakers.
Underminers is the more radical follow up to "Time's Up!" but due to it's radical nature I need to publish it myself. Can you help?
A collection of stories, travel blogs, top tens, photographs and more from FEST nerds around the world.
A soulful photography/storybook about ordinary people with extraordinary life stories.
A book on the life and career of Ken Boyer, third baseman for the St. Louis Cardinals.
Help us self publish a book about our travels from Florida to Alaska and Central America in our homemade camper, Skyhorse.
FM 999-3 is the definitive Zombie combat manual and is designed to fit inside the cargo pocket of a soldier's ACU.
Stories of creative caregiving for elders where the 5 senses and a 6th sense (intuition) personalize and improve quality of their care.
NEW GOAL: $100, with new rewards.
All the little handwritten letters are dying. Help resuscitate them and one or two may show up at your door.
Colored Me: Black Women Shout from the Ivory Tower is a collection of narratives from Black women who were educated at prep schools.
An inspiring memoir that dares to expand the cultural imagination of what compassion and courage can look like in a crisis pregnancy.
This book speaks, eyes will roll and tails wag!
Translation of the book Molecular Cell Biology by Harvey Lodish into Vietnamese, to promote Science Education in Vietnam
WILI is creating a diverse collection of stories and recipes from the lives and experiences of low-income women.
44 Healing Intention Oracle Cards & Guidebook ~ Designed for inspiration & every day life, for healing sessions, recovery and massage.
A book about leading so people speak up fearlessly. When teams "Say Anything," ideas thrive, sacred cows die, and decisions improve.
To all backers: Please support my research project with your time and agree to participate in an interview with me!
The hard lessons I've learned from my five experiences + navigating the slippery slope of replacing a company founder
An objective examination of the Clobber Passages, their true meanings and being an American Christian. Or not.
Stories, facts, images and figures, both human and numerical, tell the tale of this New England city.
Fundraising for the publication of 'Elaborated Window' book by Queen's Architectural Press
Living & breathing, fighting & believing. All I know to do is write about it. I need to share this with you. I need you to understand.
This book narrates the successful and inspiring struggles of poor single working mothers I have met in South India while working here.
Ultimate Nintendo: Guide to the NES Library is a 450 page hardcover book that reviews over 750 8-bit Nintendo games released 1985-1995!
A book project written to give hope, encourage and inspire everyday people to live life with new meaning and purpose.
New book from Orphan Press: "This Must Be Where My Obsession With Infinity Began" by Joe Bonomo. "Lyrical, engaging, provocative."
I'm creating a book to help a complete beginner get started with 3D Printing. From choosing a printer to creating that first 3D Print.
Discussing comics, catalogs, cartoons, cereal, coloring books, and other ways toymakers reached us during our formative years.
This booklet explores the Revelation of Jesus in the creation and foundation narratives of the Bible. Part of a series.
"A year-round, years-back, look at how we've gardened, farmed, protected, and cultivated our Island paradise." A 256± page paperback.
My first novel- #bike adventure down roads of American past & present, through valleys & peaks of consciousness #SpacetimeBicycle
Gems for Life: A Treasure Chest of Collective Words to Live By...
A lifetime's collection of powerful quotes for navigating life.
The CBM project is a coffee table book containing interviews and portraits with over 45 of California's best craft brewers.
The writer of the "Get in the Kitchen, Bit@hes! Cookbook" brings you his next masterpiece, this time focused on holiday recipes!
For most of 2014 I wandered across North America in search of stories, life, and home. In 2015 I'd like to finish and tell the tale.
God uses the chaos in our lives as a catalyst to send us searching for answers to our questions. Are you still searching for answers?
People love to collect rocks - find the pretty ones with mineral expert Justin Zzyzx - Help Publish our first Field Guide - Ad FREE!
A  stunning 300-page hard-back book will be updated to celebrate Brentford Football Club’s 125th anniversary. Thanks for backing us.
An illustrated book of never-before-told personal stories of ordinary Iranians struggling for their basic human rights.
A fresh look at the first hundred years of one of sport's great rivalries: Real Madrid & Barcelona.
A critical reflection on relationships and interactions with those who represent differences from what we consider "normal".
Seeking funds to edit and publish the incredible true story of the amazing work of God in the life of a jail inmate turned chaplain.
A 60 day trip riding the Greyhound bus system to write a collection of travel essays about America and its people.
Six teens (age 13-15) are hiking VT's 272-mile Long Trail and writing a guide and how-to book to help others who long for adventure.
Or why dropping out and having kids was the best decision I ever made.
ThreeHundredEight.com's Éric Grenier reviews a year of federal and provincial polling in Canada.
Following 150 Texas prisoners through a rigorous business plan competition and into the world outside. Book and documentary.
The first book written by the popular blogger Baby Sideburns. Its sole purpose is to make you laugh so hard you pee in your pants.
A comprehensive guide to developing USB applications using Microchip 8 bit, 16 bit and 32 bit microcontrollers.
'And God Save Judy Garland' is the story of an openly gay pastor who found love, peace, and joy without losing himself or his faith.
After more than 35 years of  laughter, arrests, and arguable success as a  busker/rabble rouser, this is the Stoney Burke story.
Growing up, Tiffany Rochelle had no reason to believe her mother was not who she claimed to be, but that all changed when she was nine.
What happens when the person behind a creationism museum & a Noah's ark theme park gives advice on how to love?
One woman's intimacy with solitude, self, and the sacred, transformed from unedited writings into a manuscript.
The Essential Abolitionist, by John Vanek, provides answers to the most often asked questions about human trafficking & modern slavery.
We want to create an interactive, online timeline that will show the historical facts of educational events in NOLA since Katrina.
FM 999-4 is the definitive Zombie fighting manual.
This book is your companion to Missouri's State Parks, taking you deeper into parks you already know, and revealing new ones.
One Way to Grace is a memoir by co-authors David Daly and Dawn Merrow focused on Daly's powerful Christian testimony.
A tale of leaving LA life to work at a Scotch distillery. The whisky process serves as an analogy for how boys try to mature into men.
Writing a book that tells the stories of the women in my family through chatting and learning their favorite recipes.
Despite the ugliness in the world, there is always a rainbow to be found. Remember that it's the little things in life that count.
Learn about 25 Southern women & their experiences with mother. It’s as much a cookbook as women's perspective on 20th Century
Languages That Stick uses the greatest classics in an interlaced format to help people learn languages. Just read, enjoy, and learn.
The Engaged Heart ~ an Activist's Life goes to print.  Zoe's 4th book, her life memoir, is ready for the printer. 500 pages 120 pix
Unique web-based encyclopedia all about Cheshire, from apples to zoning.
I will be traveling to Oaxaca, Mexico to learn about food sovereignty in the region and composing a narrative of the experience.
This book is the story of the people, places and events that have shaped the shoreline of Lake Mendota as we know it today.
I have completed the first in a series of Ojai "writing yoga" memoirs.
Don't enjoy camping because 'roughing it' isn't your thing? Affordable tips, tutorials & recipes to make camping comfortable & stylish.
A new book with an exciting perspective of Christianity as an ongoing personal battle for the Kingdom of Heaven.
A collection of creative, non-fiction vignettes
A book and photographic exhibition that dispels the stereotype and tells the real stories of life in Sutton Coldfield.
Book of Miraculous stories I will gather in Ethiopia for the purpose of reviving our American faith.
In 2011, Andrew Bowen immersed himself in 12 religions. Now go behind the scenes with this revealing book and experience the adventure.
Taiwan or Bust! Need to travel to gather info on Taiwan Homerun for the 2nd half of my book on Beep Baseball: baseball for the blind.
A new illustrated book relaying the thrilling true story of a corsair who attacked California in service of Latin American independence
A must-have manual for women who love good food and the finer things in life but aren't yet spirits savvy. Join the movement.
In Japan, I will examine for 7th dan in Kenseido. This book shares the challenge -and the richness of the art,culture and people there.
Memoir project about 25 broken bones, alcoholism, a new school every year, hoarding cheese in my sock drawer and redemption.
Untold stories of people in India and Canada who are impacted by fossil fuel extraction, and their uncertain future
A magical memoir of growing up with an eccentric father and Hippie mother in the 1970-80s in a cabin in the woods in Northern Michigan.
Ward Hall - King of the Sideshow, a biography of the most colorful showman ever to live, is now being written to be published in 2014.
telling the stories of the hurting and needy and offering hope for them...and us...
American drifter, migrant worker, soldier, fugitive, prisoner, trucker, mountaineer, poet, author & public radio dj. This is my memoir.
New book celebrating one of the UK's most enigmatic mammals and raising awareness of their battle to survive amidst habitat change
I want to tell the story of America as lived by one family, mine.
A radio station became the last gasp of the 60’s and invented Americana music. Help me publish this paperback and share the story.
Writing a book about Beep Baseball--a modified game for the blind--and traveling to the World Series to produce chapters 1-3. Thanks!
A military memoir:  how an Airborne Ranger and West Point cadet became a conscientious objector on the eve of the Iraq war.
"I Know the Plans" is the official biography of groundbreaking inspirational psalmist, songwriter and worship leader Morris Chapman.
This book is about creativity and is written to encourage & inspire each of us to find and nurture our own unique art!
Can expanding knowledge of consciousness expand science as a whole? I study a group of spiritually-minded scientists who say "yes".
Collect These Figures and Accessories, subtitled "An Unofficial Look at Star Wars Newspaper Ads, 1977 to 1986," is ready for print!
This book is about discovering God's plans for your life and how to identify and eliminate (Plan B's) anything contrary to God's will.
This is a book on everything you need to know to look your absolute best, written by two personal stylists, the Pick Out Artists.
A story of discovery. Discovery of my mother, discovery of the land she came from & discovery of self.
A book, culled from the reporting of activist/journalist J.A. Myerson on 2011's democratic revolutions from Tahrir to Zuccotti.
One Minute Insights for Love, Success and Happiness.  A little book to help you to be more loving and make the world a happier place.
A heart analysis of a handful of stumbling blocks along the path to becoming young and reformed.
Everything you wanted to know about Islam ... and what they wouldn't tell you, anyway.
Wisconsin Supper Clubs book will feature photos and stories of 50 supper clubs; their food, drinks, scenic locations and decors.
A memoir about the time I took a job in Central California teaching at the world's first school for overweight and obese teenagers.
An illustrated biography of surfing legend DEWEY WEBER based on more than 100 interviews completed over a three year period.
"I wish I was black." "Eh? Why?" "Then I'd be cool like you. We Japanese think Blacks are cool!" "Thanks, but, er, here's the thing..."
My two-part book: the first part is my story through liver transplant.  The second part is a guide for other organ transplant patients.
Have Your Yard and Eat it Too! A how to manual for creating your own Edible Landscape.
After life crashed, Jamie went on a bike ride...around the world...on a tandem...inviting strangers in 80 countries to pedal & connect
A book about a brain, a blank whiteboard, filling it with scribbles, then finding the solution buried in the middle of it all.
I write a travel zine! It's about bike touring adventures! For issue #5 I'm going to ALASKA!
This book is the sad, painfull, heart rending, and in the end joyful story of the “redo” that my life became at 53.
I went from non-runner to ultra-runner in 12 months - Ben on Foot is the story of how that happened.
My book Adventure Philanthropist invites you on my journey as I travel the world volunteering with global charities. Join the fun!
YOGA WARRIOR,my true story of transformation along the path toward enlightenment. I hope it will inspire you to start your own journey!
We will reprint this popular book about the trails and camping opportunities in Kachemak Bay State Park, near Homer, Alaska.
Belly Dance Transformations is filled with personal stories about how the dance has changed, healed,transformed, and empowered.
I was 8 years old the first time I tried to kill myself. I was 21 when I almost succeeded. I am a survivor. Help me tell my story?
I have found a deep joy, and a surprising amount of fun, doing the most mundane tasks. And I'd like to share this mania with others.
Was there a bunker in your back yard? Rediscovering defunct golf courses in words, pictures and stories.
This memoir chronicles my path from metropolitan party girl to reluctant witness to the divine. Reiki:  If we can do it, so can you.
A history of Pete Seeger's blacklisting and his battles with the House Un-American Activities Committee & Justice Dept, 1955-1962.
A popular science and history tale about the common bed bug: our history with it, why it's back & more
Environmental is the challenge of this century, yet it hasn't connected with the present. My eBook will explore how it can succeed.
Help get this great story published about how a Bruce Springsteen concert in 1988 in East Berlin contributed to fall of the Berlin Wall
Goal: To offer the most clear & condensed Spanish textbook with updated explanations of grammar foundation.
18 months ago, I canceled a book deal with a major publisher because I realized I had sold out to be chosen. Today I choose me.
A son who lost his mother to Breast cancer. Incredible battle that lasted 19 years. Support him in the writing of the book.
Illustrated acupressure, reflexology points; scratch & sniff aromatherapy…stretch goal: get books to newly diagnosed kids w/ cancer.
Most people who hear voices are considered nuts. Except if you've had premonitions your whole life and they consistently come true.
A story of rags to riches (then somewhere in-between), chronicling my life as an orphaned child, then success and the death of my son.
Featuring 365 of the BEST places to stay and play with your dog in all 50 states.
An innovative step-by-step leadership training program that will help you develop a highly engaged and super-charged workforce.
A memoir of a teenage girl who copes with her mental illness by writing journal entries and songs.
Fundraising to cover costs of historical image licensing for a history book -- those old pictures cost money!
At long last! My drumming book is going to be published. AND there are [downloadable] videos, too! Come and join the rhythm party!
Three combat tours in 'Nam photographed by Marc C. Waszkiewicz (USMC). An unvarnished look at war, nearly ready for printing.
A book about the hit and run case of Carolee Sadie Ashby
Rebecca Ryan's latest book is an open letter about America, its future, and how we can make it work better for more people.
Making life with kids easier and so much fun.
Be a rock star for the young people you love!
Although the Kickstarter is over, you can still order this great book by clicking on the link in the next paragraph.
In 1542 Francisco de Orellana survived an epic journey across South America spanning the entire Amazon River. In 2012 we will follow.
Equal parts guidebook, journal, and memoir, I'll explore the culture, life, and fandom around the NBA. One city and team at a time.
A perfect storm is coming that will rock the media world to its core, but there is a way to navigate this change. It's called Z.E.R.O.
I'm writing a dissertation about Nechung Monastery and its Tibetan Buddhist deity. I just need to survive long enough to finish it.
Regional, natural & social history of this corner of Kahurangi. Coffee-table-style reference work, approx. 200 pages.
A short book filled with our thanks to you.
Putting together 15 years of study and living with animals for a book and e-book: "Talking To Animals,"  new paradigm for communicating
Whether yours is a shiny new puppy or a weathered elder who's been around the block, this book is designed to make your home Imp's last
Romance of Racing: A quality 136pp book of essays by triple Indy 500 winner Dario Franchitti, allied to brilliant motorsport images
A limited second edition of the Circuit Hikes in Rothrock State Forest Book; with full color photos and color maps.
The Practical Forager connects the dots between the wild, the garden, the market, the kitchen, and yourself
The Guide will offer over 150 volunteer opportunities for kids ages 6-17 and their families in Fond du Lac County.
From national champion water skier to bipolar disorder, drug use and a life-altering accident - a story about failure and redemption.
Ken Korach, voice of the Oakland A's, has spent the offseason working on a book about his former partner, the great Bill King.
Some of my friends told me they want me to read my second book into Audio.  I told them if they can collect pledges for $100 I'll do it
According to Forbes Magazine developing your personal brand is no longer an option! But what is a personal brand? This book tells you!
A book about the largest cave art system in Papua New Guinea, and the remote hunter-gatherers who still live in them.
My book is about ice dyeing artisan quilting fabrics and how to turn hand dyed artisan fabrics into gorgeous quilts.
Help us tell inspiring stories of people with mental illness transformed by turning difficult life experiences into stand-up comedy.
The biography of the most amazing person I ever met: my brother Michaël. Because everyone needs a Mikey in their lives.
Meet the Pacific Islander who put Truk Lagoon on the scuba diver’s map and made it “the world’s greatest wreck dive.”
NIGHT RUNNING, a book of essays, is a project about breaking through fear and other limitations to discover a new sense of possibility.
Written from diary entries, foster care files, & fantasies of a little girl fighting to reunite with her mom with paranoid schizoprenia
A mother's worth is calculated by the deposits of love exchanged between her and her children:  Not by examining her bank account.
Amalfi Blue is a true story of lust, love and lessons learned along the way while living la vita bella in Italy!
How did Zen become Zen? And what the heck is it, anyway? I'm on a personal mission to the lands of its history to find out.
A detailed guide to help you plan, create, manage, and fulfill your Kickstarter project.
Collection of first-person stories sharing wisdoms gained from motherhood, with a focus on the stories we often don't hear
The compelling story of how one boy rose above everything that should have ended his life and how he used it to succeed.
This concise & quick-witted guide will show you how rejecting average to embrace exceptional can make your career (& life) sizzle!
"Through The Valley"... Our dual cancer journey's with the Lord and the inspiring lessons learned.  Encouragement in any valley!
On November 19, 1961 Michael Rockefeller vanished along the coast of southwest New Guinea; the true story of what really happened.
How To Take Down GOLIATH & Unleash Your Inner HERO  entertains and inspires and may shock you at times, too.
The humorous ,heartwarming and  amazing inside stories of the most famous stadium in the world at "The Ohio State University".-
This bibliography will reference each of the more than 600 editions of PKD books published between 1955 and 2012 in the US and UK.
Max and Jen write a paper on "Doctor Who" and "Peter Pan" to present at the 34th International Conference for the Fantastic in the Arts
A study of California public parks through photography, interpretive collage and stories.
Object: self-publish a book: a compendium of oral history narratives: Italian women in their 90s discussing food and the fascist era.
"The Train Ride" is s a true story of two friends who embark on a crosstown bucket list ride on a train ending up 187 miles from home.
In November 2005, ROCKRGRL Magazine went to magazine heaven. But "GRL Talk" - the Best of ROCKRGRL quote book can live on forever.
In 1920, my Aunt Rose, a lesbian, headed west with 2 friends, her 6 shooter and a Chevy. And there her story ends. What happened?
"When I Was There: Life At Berkeley 1960-2010" is a literary anthology collecting short stories and essays by award-winning alumni writers
If you've ever been disheartened by how some people might represent the character of Christ, this is the book for you.
Nature's "technology" puts us to shame. This book teaches AI inspired by genomes, ants, cells, birds, and other "inventions" of nature.
LOLA is a book for girls about living a sustainable lifestyle and making healthy choices by Priscilla Woolworth
Aslam is an adventurer, an athlete, an artist, a lover, a comedian, a family guy, and a best friend.  He's my pup.  This is our world.
30 Days of Finding God's Living Water in Our Culture's Desert (A Devotional that Unearths Inspiring Biblical Truth in Pop Culture)
More Italians drink beer than wine; hard to believe, right? Our book tells the story of a highly creative, evolving craft beer scene.
Embrace life's challenges, strip away conditioning, live life on your own terms. Express your authentic voice and vision.
13 soulful essays. 13 delicious recipes. Fund the first print run of 500 copies Goal = $5,592
The entire history of the N-1, from its origins for missions to Mars & Venus, to the abrupt change to “beat the Americans to the moon!"
Cinelle was chosen to be a writing fellow for the inaugural Kundiman Creative Non-Fiction Intensive. Please help send her to NYC!
Electric bicycles help people save money, get around town faster and protect the environment. Learn to build your own ebike today!
Is an introductory college course the best place to see economics for the first time? I didn't think so.
An engaging Catholic bathroom book for teen & young adults that tackles the biggest epidemic of our age...Pornography. God Bless!
A memoir about my awareness and denial of depression, how it unraveled my career, my marriages and self-esteem - and nearly killed me.
A personal journey of sexual healing, freedom from past traumas, religious & cultural conditioning that keep us from our truth
The Rib is Brown University's female penned comedy blog. We want to renew our website and make it even better, and we need your help!
A book showcasing my father's wisdom with a few stories that demonstrate how he taught it.
Sharing the love through handwritten encouraging letters to cheer you up and give you hope!
A memoir of my attempt to embody the theories of a consciousness explorer.
Read, Learn, Teach, Grow
Everyone in the world has a story to tell, to pass along, to share with others, to read, to learn, to teach, and to grow. 
Some called it post-punk.  Others called it no wave. 
I will forever call it NO NEW YORK.
Down home recipes, preserved for the ages. Southern cuisine at it's saliva-inducing finest.
Redesign Kids. En sy fagbog med nemme mønstre til bæredygtigt børnetøj syet af voksentøj. Et alternativ til brug og smid væk kulturen.
"Finding Fernanda" shines a light on a continuing problem: the buying and selling of children for international adoption.  Beacon Press (Fall 2011)
The Sweet Life is more than changing a recipe, it's about changing lives!  Not a Diet, It’s a Philosophy. Recipes for life.
A book about the hows and whys of sustainable, independent tree farming here in Northern Maine.
A practical guide for newbies on how to start and play roller derby.
Fellow of the Craft is the follow up book exploring the symbolism behind the Second Degree of Freemasonry.
The 2nd cookbook in a series on the culinary culture of food trucks, the Portland edition of Trailer Food Diaires: Cookbook is HOT!
I am writing an iBook on physics. This book is going to be very interactive with 3D animations, interactive graphics, and a great look.
What I do is twofold - first I teach a craft-based curriculum to those in need. Secondly, I tell their stories through photos and interviews.
"Building the Living Temple" is a Masonic manual on the Working Tools of the Craft, for independent publication in 2011.
An illustrated book for all ages of a journey by boat on the Illinois & Michigan Canal in 1860 from LaSalle to Chicago, Illinois
Join us in giving hope, and empowering children being bullied and their families.
My hope is simple. That even one grieving parent would feel encouraged, comforted, and understood. https://youtu.be/h4QUCybJOk4
The goal: self-publish my ESL students' autobiographical narratives and then give them each a copy at a "Published Authors" celebration
A collection of Hurricane Katrina stories from friends, neighbors, classmates in the River Parishes of Louisiana
Hey, let's publish the world’s first comedy self-help book.
Your Life is a Joke: 12 Ways to Go from Ha Ha to AHA!
Inspiring Women of Faith to be real, ready and relevant as they serve the "least of these"
An exciting spin on the Boy Scouts of America Emergency Preparedness merit badge!
Eden Magazine exists to enrich and connect people who seek creative, holistic ways to explore and express spirituality.
A cross-country tour to promote The Exy Book, a celebration of the goddess of unruly women. (And write a book about it!)
Tracing the Heartbeat of Humanity through Music, Dance & Indigenous Culture ~ a photo journal adventure from Sierra Leone to Mexico
The story of TLC's latest journeys: moving from NYC to SC, from love to loss and back again, but mostly, from fear to freedom.
The 60-year odyssey of a "blue baby." A Pacific Northwest tale of technology, perseverance and love.
Charlie's career has spanned over 60 years• Hundreds of songs recorded • A Gold Record• Inducted into Western Swing Music Hall of Fame
The Very Soul of Cold Reading and What it Means to be Truly Psychic! A Guide for Mind-Readers, Mentalists, and Psychic Entertainers!
Many people say that all religions are the same.  This book will share why all religions cannot be true and test their truth-claims.
A story of freedom after 38 years of serving what I thought was a life sentence, wandering the corridors in the prison of  my mind
A poignant glimpse through the eyes of one Veteran.  Please join us in bringing his true story to the world...
Boneshaker Books is the radical & progressive bookstore you always dreamed of: books, coffee, tea, treats, events, online ordering and bike delivery!
The guidebook will feature 55 hikes and mountain bike rides in the Owyhee Canyonlands, including the new wilderness areas in Idaho.
A dog drops from the Kathmandu clouds into the life of a wounded man on the run and makes a sacrifice to save his human. (tag: dogs)
Short essays about libraries, written in & published back into libraries on 6x9 cards, collected in this Limited Edition book in a box.
You've read the blog. Now get the book - The Provocative God: Radical Things God has Said and Done.
Between Meals is an innovative narrative cookbook project sharing the stories and recipes of refugee women in California.
A publication for the pedestrian, expanding the frame we live within.
Jessica's new book examines the world-altering events of our era with humor, intelligence, and compassion.
The Seattle Drum School's curriculum in a single volume; with exercises to develop stick control and independence across all styles.
The sequel to So Bad, It's Good will feature more contributors, more content, and more terrible movies for your enjoyment.
The most inspirational athlete I've ever known was a talented, challenged and determined young USA swimmer. And she was my daughter.
When shit and fan unite - so burns a 26 year old bridge.
A professional writer caretaking a private 80-acre sanctuary wishes to publish a restoration plan and send photos and flowers to you.
Journey to Aztlan is the story about how love led me through Depression's fog into the new Aztlan.
If my experiences as a person with Aspergers Syndrome are going to help people if they read about it, then I'm going to write about it!
Out of famine and grief comes a beautiful story of devotion, romance, and hope. Discover the story of Ruth like never before.
A personal and sociological exploration of the community drumming movement and its power to change the world.
Building a business and your dream lifestyle doesn't have to be a mystery. Stop Chasing Influencers, and become one!
Southern Californians, do you know where your water comes from? Learn through this book with art, poetry, history information and more.
Tomorrow Can Wait is a story about traveling Europe with a severely autistic child & getting new perspectives while doing so.
The guitarist/composer/teacher shows you how to refine your technique and creative process by reconsidering the meaning of practice.
A plain English guide to wine, with every concept transformed into a true multimedia experience. A new era for an old drink.
Wonderland meets Girl, Interrupted. Let's fight stigma creatively! This is an innovative story of mental health.
Inspired by the visit of the 2014 Tour de France to my home county of Yorkshire, this book is an illustrated guide to the route
Help us create "A Fujoshi's Guide to Japanese volume 2," the sequel to our popular digital pretty-boy language textbook!
We have a publishing agreement for this book on the rise of Organized Crime in Portland. It is scheduled for release in November 2014.
Every Friday for more than 4 years I've been publishing a helpful tip on my blog. I've collected some of my favorites in this book.
An authentic and thought-provoking set of twenty six alphabetical essays (A -Z) by a man coping with a life-threatening disease.
Given this legacy of colonization and miseducation of Indigenous peoples, Nahua/Mexica/Aztec children’s books are decolonized...
This book aims to break the cycle of educator sexual abuse by sharing one woman’s journey from victim to survivor to activist.
Full color book with inspirational photos, stories, and quotes from many great achievers.
A writer travels cross-country with her daughter, exploring ideas of home, community, intimacy, impermanence - life as art.
Reservoir Hill is a Baltimore neighborhood known for its rich history. See American society change through the lens of Reservoir Hill.
An experimental history using authentic naval wargames to examine choices made in the World War I battles of Coronel and Falklands
Join me as I road trip across the Heartland to meet farmers and write about seasonal markets for an upcoming book.  
Your work matters. The walls between faith in Jesus and work need to come down. This book demolishes these walls.
I am taking the summer off from teaching to finish my history of the Emanu-El Sisterhood for Personal Service, 1894-1969.
From finding a therapist to how to know when you're done, this book will demystify the process and make therapy accessible to all.
I am working on a book to share experiences I've had living in Alaska and traveling the arctic with my dog team.
6th grade students designed experiments to learn about psychology.  Their compiled pages make up a beautiful book for others to use!
Book about the development of women's ordination in the Anglican Church of Ireland during the past 30 years.
An inspiring book & film series of a 4,000-mile cross-country bike ride to share the story of America’s best small-town entrepreneurs.
This book is confirmation that, not only is recovery from addiction possible, its worth it! I proved this running across the USA
The ultimate tool for quickly and easily brainstorming and outlining works of dramatic fiction or smashing through "writer's block."
Elephant Girl is a memoir about a preternaturally challenged life forged by trauma, imagination, difference, and resilience.
A story of friendship, brotherhood, and the quest to fulfill a final promise.
This project pays for  publishing a dramatic history of America’s Worst Train Wreck, exploring the lives and times of those involved.
God is high and holy, but he is also near to his people. It can seem difficult at times for us to grasp how our King can also be our Fr
This is a nonfiction book about the history of the Edgewood High School buildings- Edgewood Villa, Sacred Heart Academy, Edgewood High.
The Comprehensive History Book on Atari from its beginnings to 1984.   Told through the stories of employee's who worked at the company
A compilation of 4 issues of a magazine I originally published in the early 1970s about stop motion animation maestro Ray Harryhausen.
Quality publishing and marketing for this important book on Afghan Women.
More than a bike trip, a state of mind. And a book.
There is only one answer for the world economic situation; monetary reform. 1. No More National Debt; 2. No More Fractional Lending.
From the Professor, the Prospector, family and patients, they added to the color of my life; I would be less for not having met them.
Almost like the heart attack itself, the idea and demand for this book was a huge surprise. My story has blown up and needs to be told.
A discussion of North Korea's engagement of outsiders who visit the country from a tourist's point of view.
A scientific and artistic study at the interface of the human and avian in Sinaloa, Mexico.  
Addiction and Underworld from Ireland to Colombia.
What if your body is the only authority you need? This book shows you how to recognize the feeling of truth in your body and follow it.
The Knight of Cups - a mead recipe book revamped including new research and recipes from... a... long time ago.
Learn about how community-driven startups are changing the way products are built, launched, and distributed.
A book project to tell the story of the ASADA & AFL case against Essendon Football Club. The book will tell the inside story.
A guide to living your life in an environmentally, animal and people friendly way + stories of life in NYC as rock publicist, activist & blogger.
JEWS, A PEOPLE’S HISTORY OF THE LOWER EAST SIDE is a three volume anthology edited by Clayton Patterson and Dr. Mareleyn Schneider.
Girl Gone Wild is filled with personal stories and practical advice on how to hike, camp, cook, and even have sex in the wild.
Motivating and empowering messages for improving daily life, overcoming personal trials, and reaching dreams.
A collection of personal tributes to Barbra Streisand from her fans on the occasion of her 50th anniversary in show business.
A book that will enlighten, inspire, and encourage incoming Spelman students. Words are spoken from Spelman women & famous role models.
How does a city coming out of a depression compare to a person coming out of a depression?
Help me publish my book and I'll help you publish yours! Offset formatting and distribution for an ebook How-To Guide for new writers.
I have a large family, and am able to create meals for all of us for about $400 a month. These are some my recipes and tips.
Our Project is to create a collaborative presentation for the 3rd Creative University Conference in Thimphu, Bhutan.
Let’s give the Shawshank Redemption some company and challenge the way we've been trained to recognize incarceration.
When I was 17, a strange woman started stalking me. I moved to America.Ten years later, she found me again. This book is about her.
Not only is buying local and eating local increasingly recognized as important, but learning local applies when it comes to gardening.
What makes Hollywood Hollywood? I'm driving to ten of them to find out! Support the project and follow the adventure!
My 3rd book on cancer and health, this focuses on my "Essential Eight", the 8 foods that dramatically reduce cancer risk and slow aging
Customers are begging for my recipes from The Baron York and a cookbook needs to be printed with color photos.  Wanna be my sous-chef?
A new book on meditation for musicians and artists, a creator and community centered approach.
I've won two World Series of Poker bracelets and over $2m in earnings, but now I'm broke. Be a part of my comeback story.
Cowboy Dad is a memoir about a daughter (the author, Melissa Broughton) and her experiences with her alcoholic father.
Definitely not that "Old Time Religion!"  A revolutionary new Universalist theology of love, tolerance and hope for a divided world.
An enlightening book that allows you to discover who you have become as a result of your trials and tribulations.
Return to Chef Boutonne to chronicle the people and place where my grandfather was shot down in WWII.
A real-life account about surviving bipolar disorder. I'd like to help those who suffered all their lives suffer a little bit less.
This is my story of growth through learning, laughing, and loving.  I've survived Cancer, live with HIV, but keep going strong!
The Ako ay Pilipino: Noon at Ngayon creative coffee table book is here! It's a movement that is inspiring thousands of people to become heroes.  
An innovative treatise into religious history, comparative mythology, astrological symbolism and contemporary culture.
Collection of essays culminating in a spiritual memoir of sorts. Falling out of love with the structures of religion and finding faith.
Artist/Graduate student shares her solution to help others discover a realistic, natural path toward more satisfying, harmonious lives.
A frequent traveler with an appallingly low income wishes to share her budget vacationing tactics with the world.
DEBACLE is a new quarterly art and literary publication out of Los Angeles.
www.debaclemag.com
A study to restart the historic Atlantic Ave tunnel tours, and build a modern streetcar line connecting Red Hook with downtown Brooklyn
A manifesto about disruptive innovation and the cloud revolution.
A collection of stories and photographs of accomplished and inspiring Ethiopian women
I'm spreading my unique brand of sunshine across this great land of ours and need your help to get started!
We are two friends spending six months exploring all 13 South American countries. This blog is a snapshot of the continent in 2013.
Beyond The Bamboo Curtain Project Updates
A memoir of a psychotic episode: the before, during, and after of completely losing one's mind.
5 nomads.10,000 mile journey. 1 book! With a promise to awaken the nomad in you, we invite you to be part of this awesome road trip!
Ten different writers sharing real-life stories about mentoring worship leaders. You’ll be equipped and challenged to do the same.
True stories from the life of Uber Noob Steven Mac Shelley.
Weight loss coaches, bariatric teams, & support group leaders will receive a sample edition of 366 DAYS as well as client info cards.
Writing a book as a gift for my dad. A hopeful story about what happens when you lose someone you love.
A tell all manual on how to dine in and work at restaurants from my time in the trenches needs to be published. You can help!
This is a compilation of true stories. I've collected them and hope to share and preserve them in a way that honors the storyteller.
Giving away 450 copies of Standing on One Foot by Neal Raisman that has helped families deal with a child's death and re-engage in life
My  journey inspired by Nelson Mandela's advice to me - 
"focus your life's work on conflict resolution and citizen led change"
Paperback edition of 'Speed of Sound, Sound of Mind" . A remarkable story of mind power, metal and making dreams come true.
In turns insightful, clever and laugh-out-loud funny, 20 Black women writers share deeply personal stories about great dads.
Join us as we spread our message that A Life Fully Lived Begins When We Learn To Hear, Trust And Act From Inner Voice Guidance.
This is a podcast covering the history of Iran and the Iranian World from the earliest times to the Fall of the Qajars
Epilepsy Empowerment and Employment. Writing a book to empower those with epilepsy in the workplace and help them get off SSDI!
This book will encourage soldiers like me who seek help for their PTSD and is a must read book for anyone who wants to understand it
Stories to honor and inspire women to follow their dreams. Your support will make this book available statewide at no cost.  Thank you
The stories of African Americans in aviation history, previously untold and unknown, from one of the first black flight attendants.
part story book, part guided journal, this little book uncovers a real experience of peace and how to begin creating it now.
What if I could tell you everything you need to know to be in the best shape of your life as you hit the Big 5-0? Would you listen?
An overweight woman humorously copes with fitting rooms, before photos, and, against all odds, skipping French fries at lunch.
Inspired by superheroes, this popular science book explores the revolutionary research that will help scientists save the world
We want to expand the conversation about successful aging to everyone with an audiobook version of our stories and caregiving tips.
Got scat? Using scat to develop and publish conservation strategies for threatened carnivores, such as the jaguar, puma, and bush dog.
Historical writing and photos from the Depression years serves as inspiration for our travel guide to historical sites in West Virginia
In conjunction with my book, I'll be touring the country, spreading the message that dogs, like people, are individuals too.
A remarkable story about personal overcoming told by the collection of daily letters written to Momo during his 144 days in prison
The memoir of my great-great-great grandfather, a 19th century sailor, sheep thief, fisherman, flirt, and family man.
All Day is a memoir of love and survival teaching incarcerated kids at Rikers Island. It's where The Wire meets Welcome Back Kotter.
Already published in-part by Chicken Soup of the Soul and the New York Times, this Afghanistan war memoir needs your help.
Publish the book that Donald Trump doesn’t want you to read. A gripping and important read for anyone who cares about America's future.
A Ph.D. dissertation on the rescue and rehabilitation of Thoroughbred ex-racehorses and the human(e) communities that support them.
This is a book and website focused on Jews who have become leaders or teachers of other faiths, religions or spiritual paths.
Freedom to Create is a book that will support readers to access their full creative potential and  to unleash a wave of creativity into the world
The Communities Directory catalogs groups around the world who are living in communities that model sustainability and cooperation.
I'd like to publish a book of photographs and drawings describing the life of a favorite friend, "Domino".
We are a group of students working with a local non-profit to collect and preserve the stories of military veterans.
A biography of a major poet, Larry Eigner, which expands research on disability and Black Mountain Poetics.
To publish "Growing Simple", a book on living a more simple and fulfilling life through gardening, cooking, canning and a DIY lifestyle
Hitchhike around, travel, immerse, traverse. Wonder how to spend our 20's. More than wonder: I'm writing a book about what I've found.
The Forgetory is a quarterly of creative and audacious criticism. Help to fund our upcoming three issues.
A comprehensive guidebook overflowing with practical information for anyone caregiving for someone with Parkinson's Disease.
Boekje met waargebeurde vertellingen over hoe een chronische darmziekte je leven bepaalt, afgewisseld met illustraties en scheetjes
The Virgin Asanas: How Yoga, Sex, and Mother Mary Changed Everything ... a modern coming-of-age story, of sorts
From Miami to Los Angeles, and lots in between, we bring you the book of THE UNITED STEAKS OF AMERICA, a great gift for any traveller!
Essays & Stories From a Twentysomething Pseudo-Intellectual
“Equal parts Romanticist, Beat, Transcendentalist, and Zen Master, a refreshingly unique new voice in travel and social commentary."
I'm writing "Carbon Farming: A Global Toolkit for Stabilizing the Climate with Tree Crops and Regenerative Agriculture Practices"
An interactive and user-friendly resource pack for teachers, reenactors and historical enthusiasts - bring Tudor music and dance alive!
A helpful & hilarious parenting book:  All the things you wish you'd been told about pregnancy, parenting & relationships.
Viable Self-Sufficiency by Tim and Dot Tyne will be the ultimate book for living off the land.
Black man's national network of language boutiques across Japan pits him against mob figures, government agents and a woman scorned.
A memoir and biography incorporating my healing journey through music, people, and travel, after the loss of my mom.
Twenty writers from across five continents provide a snapshot of the global Millennial Generation's opinions concerning world issues.
A book about the profound yet overlooked ways dense communal living has shaped human affairs from our moods to our businesses to design
A unique and fascinating story is waiting to be told about one of the world’s most intriguing animals and its place in the spectacular Pacific NW...
Open & Shut is the story of how open records, the internet and the adoptee rights movement changed adoption in America.
Our son died June 11, 2008, ten days after graduation. This is our God story. Help us fund the project & get exclusive incentives.
A uncompromising look at life. A project that needs to reach thousands with a powerful message.
The Dubus Family history needs a professional French genealogist to fill in gaps.Contribute & get a copy of our shared story!
“THE MARCH THAT SHOOK BLAIR”: An oral history of Britain's biggest ever protest and the movement that made it happen.
Meet our remarkable heroine, who risked her life to rescue 3,000 enslaved girls and women and brought down the Chinese slave trade in the U.S.
Publishing a collections of memoirs from the Lower East Side of Manhattan in time for the Latino Authors Writers Conference.
A book of practical advice to help you build professional-grade applications with Flask.
A true cautionary tale following one woman's jaw-dropping journey from horrific cycle of abuse to ultimate redemption.
Inspiring stories of successful entrepreneurs that left a corporate job to pursue their passion over a paycheck
Publishing a book on our irrational approach to safety in human spaceflight.
An e-report on the critical issues of population growth - why it is important & how it should be discussed within a holistic framework.
Financing the completion of my first collection of essays, "Marco Polo", at the Atlantic Center for the Arts.
Whether you love or long to travel solo, The Solo Traveler's Handbook will help you plan, have fun, stay safe and discover the world.
This book is truly one of a kind. It covers 100 political and cultural topics in the U.S. in a balanced, but controversial way
Literary nonfiction by award-winning writer and development worker Ming Holden about finding and assisting Syrian refugees in Turkey
A book about my experience at an Ashram in India, and how you can experience your own meaningful "Inner Awakening" life transformation
Game Changers: Conquer Anything. Change Everything. 

The movement Changing the World.
The GOLDEN THREAD is God's hand in each of our lives. It's a true story of His hand on one man's life with FEAR, FORGIVENESS & FAITH.
Tiffany offers gourmet street food recipes & entrepreneurial stories from the underground 'trailer food' scene in Austin
Research of an unusual 6th century Irish brooch with a unique combination of iconography not seen elsewhere.
This book is an inspiring true story of recovery from the depths of anorexia and depression.
A nonfiction book project analyzing the famous poem by Pablo Neruda and his depiction of the indigenous people of Perú.
I wrote a book about my life. I didn't really mean to...Now, it's my dream to publish it. I'd love for you to join me on this journey!
A book to evangelize and explain digital preservation to a wide range of computer users.
The story of the first USA women's Olympic water polo team and their historic journey to the podium at the Sydney 2000 Games.
LIES features feminist writing on race, gender, and capital, strongly inflected by a hatred of society.
Photographs and personal stories paint a portrait of ordinary citizen protesters who are as diverse as America itself.
We live in a good world - we hold that belief near & dear to our hearts. This Good World is a project dedicated to spreading the good.
Skeletons Don't Sleep is the true, heartbreaking and triumphant story of adoption, betrayal, abuse and finally justice. 
Help us publish the story of Incredible Edible, the local food movement that's inspiring communities all over the world.
Using the power of questions this book will help you discover the uncaused, timeless, intelligent Creator of the universe.
Help us bring good news to the Middle East by translating my Books Thrive & Stripped into Arabic & hosting #Thrive16 conf in Lebanon!
The WOW Collective has compiled a book of correspondence discussing the foundation of the collective and other important LGBT issues in Armenia.
A how-to book for teens to fundraise for their dreams. Contains detailed strategies and humorous stories.
Two books, one story. A woman's 30 day XC motorcycle trip with a lifetime of lessons faces terminal illness & ultimately - God's Love!
How one woman found the path to happiness along an unpaved, pot-hole ridden roadway in Bhutan
This Part of the Sky is a book based on my journal reflections while putting up a building for a village in Liberia, West Africa.
Sounding Circles are joyously led vocal sounding events specifically crafted to promote community building through group resonance.
A Quarky How-To Guide for Hitchhiking Anywhere on the Planet. Suitable for All Humans.
Time for more books from The Shiny Happy Sherry Fairy! Full of Rock and Roll Romance, Crazy Days, and Adventures Backstage
Let Me Get This Off My Chest is a poignant, funny book of life lessons, bitching, and tips from a two-time breast cancer survivor.
Ali Farka Toure influenced millions of musicians and music lovers around the world.  This book will celebrate his life and music.
My novel. Encapsulates the garage music scene of the early 2000s and chronicles the lives of three of its heedless upstarts.
What's a good career for me? How do I find it? How do I deal with job issues including burnout? This book has these answers and more.
As a wedding photographer, I'm often asked "what's the craziest thing you've ever seen?"  There are many and they live in this book.
STILL MOVING:
The Solo Travels and Adventures of a Risk-Taking Septuagenarian
The first Star Wars reference book you can actually use!  The end-all reference on the subject.  Beautiful locations, great stories.
A book that shares the voices and photography of silenced women - their protests for liberty, daring escapes, and - finally - freedom.
"The Gay Gospel" is the first-ever self-help book for gay 20somethings written by Justin Luke, one of New York's leading gay promoters.
A groundbreaking book about generations of inspiring women in 22 Piemontese wine families coming into their own as vintners and leaders
A photo book project to reveal dust glyphs- messages written in the dust that blanketed Ground Zero during & after 9/11
No Slam Dancing is an oral history of 80s/90s-era punk & metal told through the portal of one club—Trenton, NJ’s City Gardens.
“Jury Independence Illustrated” is a booklet about Jury Nullification. I will distribute it for free to potential jurists in June 2011.
Join me as I walk from Brooklyn to LA on the strength of human kindness and attempt to shed the materialism that plagues us all
A devotional designed to help high school and college students engage with God, life and themselves with fresh perspective.
A guide of the simple pleasures in life. For those in a mental, health crisis, those witnessing it or in need of a re-boot themselves.
When you discover that your child is going to be "different" your mind is flooded with questions. This book hopes to offer answers.
A look at the action figure carrying cases of the seventies, eighties, and nineties. From vinyl boxes to elaborate constructions.
Career change solutions to modern hiring technology problems and a movement to change the way hiring is done forever.
You're a creative genius! But work generates tensions that rob you of your innovative potential - my book helps you regain your genius
An uncommon guide to research, thesis writing and PhD life
A "bookumentary" exploring the concept solitude. Investigating science, theory, and personal experience biking across the US.
I will be going deep into the Maya Mountains of Belize to learn how Mayans lived leaving only footprints and how we can do the same
I'm writing a practical, BS free, book on ethical sales skills for orgs that hate selling but need to, to continue their great work.
A book dedicated to teaching artists and all makers how to start, run, and market their own business using the latest technology.
An awesome science & arts series on everything from Black Holes & Dinosaurs to Human Evolution & the Brain. Just bring your smart self!
"VAE VICTIS" (Woe to the vanquished). "HISTORY" is written by the winners.

Why not help writing a more balanced HISTORY ?....
Exploring the Sovereignty of God over new life
The hungry cycle tourist's guide to slowing down, eating well, and savoring life on the open road. A cookbook with 50 recipes!
Liysa's first language was not the spoken word. Read this story of a bi-cultural bi-lingual story.
An inspiring memoir about my soul searching journey leaving college to backpack through Central America & what I learned along the way.
Young married couple traveling in an RV across the USA attending & participating in sporting events, their culture, and fandom.
Intertwining personal memoir and social history, my book explores failures in treating mental illness and paths to mental health.
Discover the sexiest side of Paris in our award-winning, beautifully-made travel guide for women, with 352 pages and 295 color photos.
A 3,000-mile walk across America, a polar bear, an arrest, a tornado, a broken leg and the stories shared with strangers along the way.
Seeking to develop free and customize-able civics education materials for middle school students.
I want to write a book about my life this last year.
It was rough.
I also need to see my stepdaughter again, but her mother says no.
A spirited book about the life-changing journey that is teaching on the edge of transformation in New Orleans urban schools.
Exciting new voice training method - strengthening and beautifying voices of any genre, voice type, age and level of development!
After devastating crime and heartbreaking loss, a compelling & inspirational story on how hope, faith & sweat brought about miracles.
My Dad's ghost told me to write a book now we're doing something really weird with it.
The maiden voyage of Inkley Publishing - a startup to help self-publishers without any upfront costs.
Un diario que narra los 95 dias de "El Viaje"  | A journal that documents my trip from Buenos Aires to Miami, remembered from today.
A book about an extraordinary trend that existed for almost 30 years, impacted the entire US, and remained virtually unknown.
I am raising funds to publish a book that will make it easier than it was for me to experience God and to hear His voice.
Conversational essays for college students and young couples who are pondering life, love and faith.
This is the Holocaust memoir of Abe Landau, survivor of 14 Nazi labor and concentration camps.
Documentary book containing 20 years of letters, poems & images exchanged between a teacher & a prisoner.  See Facebook of same title.
"Essays on Life, Love, and Laughter" by Woody Woodburn, national award-winning columnist and author of WOODEN & ME. Get your copy now!
I wrote a book about my dating mistakes. Finally all the disasters in one easy to read place!
Picking Up My Pieces is a collection of poems and stories about my struggles and triumph as a childhood sexual abuse survivor.
Grace pours out in justice and mercy. Our book teaches people to receive grace and translate it into action that changes the world.
I have had cancer twice. My story is funny, poignant, and full of wisdom about life. I want to share it with the world and you can help
I need to complete the self-publishing process on my new book and need a little help with some the costs.
Exploring magic and the socail dynamics of sharing mystery. Pushing possibilities for magicians and mystery performers.
True tales of inspiring clothes 
and the women who wear them
Collecting and preserving stories from the fight against HIV/AIDS in African American communities.
A guide for folks who aren't sure what steampunk is all about, by Travis I. Sivart and Wendy L. Callahan.
A resource for the young women who work hard and play harder. Keys to stylish and savvy living, and making it all look effortless.
I will print 100 copies of my e-book, a self-published memoir of spiritual encounters among indigenous Mexican villages.
Handcrafted leather 1st edition in the new series about getting to know a city through the lives of its most fascinating locals.
Quiero publicar mi libro VALIENTE - la aventura de un niño de 10 años en el Camino de Santiago en versión española.
A celebration of runners through inspirational quotes.
Semi-autobiographical illustrated novelette about being an unemployed,overweight, sexually frustrated artist.
A Simple Guide to Cult Leadership and Management
An East Coast bike tour to explore the alternative agriculture movement, documenting through photography, interview and narrative.
See prison life through the eyes of the first art teacher for inmates in Texas.  This book tells many stories of the lives he changed.
Yasir was born in Iraq in 1984.  From 2005 to 2009 he served as an interpreter for the United States Army.  This is his story.
50 daft things my wife has messed up during the last few years all put together in a hilarious book for you all to enjoy.
Music is part of our daily lives. And now, so are rebellion, class struggle and revolution. How is this new era felt in our songs?
A love letter to missionaries and missionary work everywhere. But mostly, it’s a testimony of our Lord and Savior, Jesus Christ.
A satirical handbook of the audacious strategies by which the One Percent wields its power over the other Ninety-Nine Percent.
An elegant, 64-page book that helps Orthodox Christians fully celebrate Pascha and the 12 Feasts throughout the liturgical year.
Sami wrote this book. I want to try & get the word out to people about how dangerous the disease of addiction can be.
The Safe Haven Study Series is a powerful tool for educating communities to protect children and end trafficking. This is prevention.
I'm finally writing the book that I wish I read when I was first diagnosed with celiac - the real details about living gluten free!
A book tour to share the experience of recovering from a stroke. My readings will explain the healing power of the wilderness.
A book of translations, photographs, interviews, and essays highlighting the best frontline reporting from Mexico's at-risk journalists
Our families' adoption journey through our letters to Amalie's birthmom and perspectives from many involved along the way.
A set of ten newly discovered fundamental laws of the universe, which overturn our most basic beliefs about the universe.
An inspiring true story of what God did right under the noses of the KGB. This revival touched nearly every corner of the Soviet Union.
A colouring book dedicated to views in and around BUDE in Cornwall. A limited edition print run of 50 books.
First edition is sold out! Now I need help publishing the final, limited edition: a hardcover compilation of all 18 full-color journals
Know any soon-to-be parents? Help them brush up on all the gruesome details before it pops out.
Christmas Readings is a collection of Bible readings from the Old and New Testament for families and individuals for each day of Advent
An epic biography, that will unfold an adventurous journey about America's free-living culture in Seattle Washington.
Forty planners, activists, artists, and scholars take a hard look at public space freedoms and democracy in the wake of Occupy.
A groundbreaking examination of one of Africa's most iconic and tragic countries by journalist and author Michael Deibert.
A memoir recounting the unexpected death of my wife nearly three years ago and the learning of life again as a single father.
The TOC Guide is a list of amazing places in and around San Francisco, printed on an origami-inspired map.
For 20 years The Amish Cook  has enchanted readers in newspapers from coast to coast. Not So Simple is the story behind the story.
This project reveals ME. It is equally scary and exciting. Here, I don't have to pretend to be something I'm not. Here, I am fully me.
Accelerate your business growth with these 100 proven growth hacks used by today’s leading marketers and startups (no coding necessary)
A Memoir // The Words I Wrote While Waiting on Jesus
Anyone else struggled to learn the concepts of anatomy and physiology? Anyone use Khan Academy to supplement your college lectures?
Anecdotal autobiography about my life as an NCAA soccer player, Fear Factor champ, "rock star", identical twin and complete idiot.
Ananda Leeke, a lawyer-turned author and Internet geek, is writing a memoir that explores her Internet and digital sisterhood adventures since 1986. 
The story of how my dream to climb the seven summits turned into providing clean drinking water to the people in northern Uganda.
A journey through the International Churches of Christ (Boston Movement) as a gay woman for 17 years and coming out.
"The Booby Blog: A Cancer Chronicle" is about daily life with breast cancer. It's honest. Painful. And surprisingly funny.
How the message and life of Jesus can be transformative in the 21st century.
New technology will protect planet earth through a revolution in low cost clean energy from our discovery of a ball lightning answer.
Help us publish a Dearest Scotland book of letters where the profits will reach new and existing Scottish literacy projects
The Information Technology Revolution has so far only happened in the private space, this book will show what will happen next.....
Without Utterance, a crushingly intimate literary memoir told from the inside of losing language, self, and world.
Everything families need to host a Jewish welcoming ritual when opting out of circumcision. Includes original ceremonies and music.
BANGGAI RESCUE is a beautiful, must-read book and a project setting out to answer some critical questions about the species' future.
The Definitive (and Slightly Ridiculous) Guide to Enjoying the 2015 Pro Football Season
We are creating the Adventure Access Trail, a new walking trail from Boston to San Francisco.  
http://adventureaccess.org
A true story about inspiration and survival - David Alfred George turns his powerful experience into a compelling vBook.
"60 Days to a Radiating Faith" is a collection of carefully selected Bible verses to encourage those undergoing cancer treatments.
A surgeon's call for today's Christians to practice biblical compassion. Pre-order now and turn the tide towards the model Christ gave!
A big idea non-fiction book by an impatient three-time author and insomniac willing to bet on himself.
A true David vs.Goliath story about a young adult battling the U.S. health care system to survive and become an advocate for change.
A Massive but Cheerful Online Digital Archive of Surfing
Be part of the excitement by supporting our first season offering unique perspectives of Portland from the water.
A great collection of puzzles to take and enjoy anywhere in the world - have fun, challenge yourself, and become a better chess player!
Sinatra Cookbook is an ebook featuring 12 fantastic example applications built on the Sinatra framework and many well known Ruby gems.
Sideswiped is my story of growing in and trusting God through the mess and mysteries of life.
TOP FUEL FOR LIFE … a true story of victory, unimaginable loss
and the epiphany that changed everything.
I'm writing a new book! Topic: Privacy is Dead. What does a world without privacy mean for humanity? Our reputations? Our kids?
For one year, two women exclusively ate food produced within Mendocino County, CA. Now, they will write a book about their adventures.
The true story of a child's struggle with hunger, poverty, and war in El Salvador.
Strategies forged and lessons learned from accessing highly selective places where Black men have historically been underrepresented.
I'm making an encouraging recording for cats. I've written a script. I have what I need to record, but I need to hire a voice actor.
I've got a 4,000 word short story full of medically-accurate zombies, historically-accurate mayhem, and psychologically-accurate trauma. Let me share.
Eight students at The Academy @ Shawnee tell their stories in a beautiful book of creative nonfiction, oral history, and photography.
This is a landmark book on racing tactics and strategy: crucial for competitive runners, and a heck of a fun read for fans.
Help Maria complete her new book about the politics of incarceration. New additions to the team: Kourtnie McKenzie & Cindy Wathen!
Senja (who does not speak Swedish) teaches Swedish to whopping 13,000 Finns. Here is the bilingual crowd produced book masterpiece.
Rob Bryanton's 'Imagining The 10th Dimension' re-imagined into a book with illustrations and selected text from the original.
An exciting 95-page book of prose and pictures explaining soul satisfying peace, now and forever.
Pilgrimage - my spiritual journey from Barcelona to Mumbai, Chiang Mai, Paris and Rome, presented through photos and poetry.
An exploration of pioneering, community-led urban sustainability in the UK and USA. Tool kit, inspiration and call to action.
Ever feel like EVERYONE else is using apps to get ahead, and you're left behind? You need "Nerd Know-How," and this book needs you!
This is the untold story of Klaus Barbie's life as the "Butcher of Lyon", spy & unrepentant war criminal in Europe and South America.
Jay's Weird True Story. A Discovery That "Boxes" Were The Cause Of His Depression, Anxiety & Stress. How He Removed Them Using Movies.
8 months, 6 countries, 2 boys, 1 mother & loads of baggage = a provocative & spirited story of love, loss & the search for happiness
An online course about developing mental flexibility, changing habits and altering memories based on neuroscience research.
In this full-color book I tell stories and share pictures of my year-long journey across California.
Men Cook Too - Easy to Follow Recipes for Men Cookbook will help men not be afraid to step into the kitchen to prepare a meal.
23 years of scientific research into Columbus. A controversial book on a controversial subject that puzzled academics for 500 years.
Does Linux, the free, open source operating system championed by the adorable penguin Tux, have a future as a game platform? No, really, I'm asking.
Before there were civil rights, America already had its first Black millionaires...The story of a broken trail. My family.
Hello, my book "ESP, Intuition and the Power of the Human Mind" gives the reader information on how to develop their intuition.
A look at the life of Cecil the lion, a remarkable animal who, in his death, touched so many hearts.
Honoring the Rich History, Sacred Traditions, Core Values, Unique Jobs, Brave Veterans, and Dedicated Members of the
US Armed Services
My life is too funny not to chronicle. 
Pictures and stories of real people whose lives were affected by suicide.
WE ALL HAVE TWO LIVES, AND THE SECOND ONE STARTS WHEN WE REALIZE THAT WE ONLY HAVE ONE...
Is it a madness that the goal is to join two persons separated by kilometers of distance?
It's a printed book, audio book, ebook and website filled with information to help you make your home a more green one.
Traders are generating multi-billion dollar profits every quarter in this economy, in this book I will tell you how.
Getting grounded in yourself, moving forward from your past Trauma. Learn coping skills and self evaluation to be balanced in our life.
The story of a Down Syndrome child. To bring to light her quest to be understood.
This book will tell the misunderstood story of Gen Y fighting the War on Terror, enduring the recession, and changing the world.
Which Way Is Camp?; is the true story of four young American men stranded in the African wilderness of western Ethiopia.
A book about how F3 helped me discover my purpose in my life.
Moving abroad is a book that helps the young traveler to plan the practical and emotional sides of moving or living abroad.
A foster kid becomes a father and tries to ensure his daughter has a better life.
Better your world, change your life, Impact your eternity!
A bible based 30 day challenge. What will you do to make a difference ?
The Brotherhood of the Screaming Abyss: My Life with Terence McKenna will be a memoir of our intertwined lives over the last 60 years.
Transfer Scientific Fiction into Technological Reality for Space Travel
Help fund VO2 Testing for Boston College Men's Crew - research to improve athlete selection process for club athletes
A journey through words and music of a man's trials and triumph deep inside prison walls and the woman left behind who holds his heart.
The first book showing how neuroscience can be applied to solve pressing environmental problems & transform the environmental movement.
ShareWithThree.org is a website designed to support women through their decisions to disclose their abortion experiences with three people.
I want to help people get off the financial hamster wheel so I wrote a book on how to budget using 9 simple steps.
Tantra is a practice based on using life experience and creative energy as a basis for meditation, discovering a deeper sense of self.
This is a small book on spirituality derived from my own philosophy. Buy it for just $1, and launch my writing career.
An exhaustively complete guide to the heroes and heroines of comic books' Golden Age, 1935-1949, in print and as a web site.
A book about Eyad Sarraj and the place he loved: Gaza.
Help us print the next book in the 'Walking With a Saint' series!
We wish to print 2,000 extension sets of 22 cards each, to bring our deck of Orchid Healing Cards up to date.
This book is a short, fun primer for students, travelers, and adventurers who want to learn some basic modern Greek.
This book would be the first and only critical discussion of Cindy Sherman's single foray into filmmaking, Office Killer.
The story of PTSD told in personal, historical and scientific terms, from its first documented appearances to the War on Terror.
A story of pursuing a dream, denying my faith, and God's miraculous restoring power and passionate love.
Publishing the 'Wife in Space' blog as a collectable series of ebooks and limited edition paperbacks.
The book that believes you CAN save the earth.
Population One is a book about having autism written by a person who has autism.  It provides insight into the autistic mind.
The book about how to become VoIP provider and start different VoIP services: PC to Phone, Calling Card, IP PBX, Mobile VoIP, etc.
Guided Imagery Scripts for Counselors, Healers, & Clergy by Bestselling Guided Meditation Author Max Highstein
I worked as stripteaser 'Lisa Doolittle' for 10 years. My book is a coming-of-age story. It's my secret past, for your entertainment!
Want to help yourself, loved one(s), friend(s), or humanity develop better habits? Then back this project now. Get more info below...
Girl Sex 101 is a roadtrip book about how queer ladies do it. Featuring a fun narrative, hot illustrations, and guest experts!
Hjälp oss trycka den första handboken om permakultur på svenska! Help us print a permaculture handbook in Swedish
Thank You Kung-Fu is my journey of terminal brain cancer, a heartbreaking divorce and an unplanned pregnancy over five year's time.
I told my first lie when I was six and never stopped. A how-to book on lying. I even lied to my parents on what it was about.
Whether you're getting into the coaching game, or a runner taking the DIY approach, this is a practical guide to the art of training.
I have written a book about my days as an alcoholic and what God did to bring me out of this lifestyle. I'm trying to self publish
A new press for great books on classic video games. Our launch titles: Earthbound, Galaga, Super Mario Bros 2, ZZT, Jagged Alliance 2.
I have my manuscript 99% finished, edit review is in process, and I have a publisher lined up - all I need now is funding!
A guide to the first 50 Doctor Who Big Finish adventures; from The Sirens of Time to Zagreus
Pre-order the book at 25% off the cover price and help to build the foundation for BLACKprint Press.
Finally! A stripper memoir about more than naked women.
Real-life, practical advice for the newly-divorced, separated, widowed or suddenly single, by two 40-something single moms
Your guide to the sexy side of steampunk, covering everything from kinky Victorian sexuality to contemporary subcultural sex.
When a woman is empowered by God and the Church recognizes her calling, everyone wins.
Wake & Bake is an independently published cookbook for cannabis infused breakfast foods with tons of gluten free & vegan options .
'm writing a book summarizing my life, both before and after diagnosis. my struggles, my small triumphs, my outlook.
A collection of the stories of the Macon County heroes who served our country in World War II.
Could you survive in your car if you had no other place to live? This book shows you how to do so in a short-term housing crisis.
Launching this project and making it a success, you and I will help heal the world! Show me that you are ready for that.
An interactive book on Systems Thinking, Modeling and Simulation. Mastering the hidden connections that matter.
Learn the secret strategy I used to make an extra $25,000+ last year in Vegas casinos.
I've written a book about my crash and recovery and need your help getting it on the store shelves.
The purpose of the Fallen Heroes of Suffolk County project is to honor the 27 sons of Suffolk County NY killed in Iraq and Afghanistan.
My desire is that this book be a catalyst & inspiration that leads people towards ever expanding spirit encounters with Jesus Christ.
We are on a rescue mission to Ethiopia. With your help, 2+ children will become a part of our little family. Be a part of their story!
Interactive ecological and cultural curriculum will come to life as I Skype into classrooms while traveling across Costa Rica.
I'm writing a book about social media marketing for business. The book is formatted to feel like a social media consultation session.
IKEA would mark prices, simplify instructions, and make us customers help out. A book about how patients can be smart partners!
Find out the behind the scenes story of America's favorite dance show
Meditative essays on listening for coaches, motivators, listeners, people who want to tell stories and lead well.
To finish writing, pay for production and to self-publish my memoir.
Wash Post called "Light" "a delighful journey" but reviews aren't enough. My ad campaign -web & print-will let the book's wonders shine
A book that reminds women that they are incredible individuals who have the power within themselves to give birth.
We'll show you how you can save money, make money and lead a richer, more fulfilling life using the new sharing economy.
If you have an interest in spirituality, then this is the most important book you will ever read!
Jesus Loves You is a short book for kids who get stuck in a label.  It's about finding a new one, and making it stick.
A book to support single parents.  Encourage them to pursue their dream in the midst of their struggles.
A quick reference booklet to understanding and navigating the organization of the fourth largest Christian denomination in the U.S.
New System - Breakthrough Curly Girl Secrets Revealed for Longer, Stronger, Thicker, Healthier, Natural Hair
In this book, I argue we should stop worrying about the "gap" between rich and poor -- and start celebrating wealth creators.
The Elements is like the law of attraction combined with human biology and psychology, quantum physics, NLP, ancient history and more.
A brazenly honest memoir about sex, self discovery, cultural evolution, and a mad plan to change the world
28 day self-discovery - living a life by purpose not circumstance
Time for a conversation. Having confidence removes embarrassment, understanding the Truth removes shame.
Solo or partnered, you can become a sexually empowered virtuoso with the Wholistic Sexuality guide to the erotic arts! For EVERYONE!
Many people struggle with business networking & the follow up for success. This book gives a blueprint for great networking & followup.
Walrus Rock...we want to help get out the word...Help us get the word out through pamphlets, stickers...
A guidebook for people in search of both adventure and meaning... 512 pages, 7 countries, 100s of life-changing volunteer adventures
"Grieving for the Living: Effects of Disownment in Adulthood", is a book focusing on adult children who have been abandoned by family.
SEE4 is a website I created for my tutoring business, but I'm trying to expand it to have free curriculum for students in need.
I'm writing a Sudanese cookbook. Sudan's history, ethnography, customs, society and politics are all explored to aid understanding.
A memoir chronicling a woman's search for healing and redemption through her travels around the world on the path of Sacred Sexuality.
I would like to help dying people find peace at the end of life by providing free copies of the book What No Eye Has Seen.
I'm living proof of the ruin that fatherlessness brings and the restoration that is possible.  Help me prepare my story for publishing.
Chosen with Purpose is a story of adoption, biblical identity and choices written to fundamentally change how we define adoption.
In 2010, two year old Caleb Brown was struck by a falling boulder at Fall Creek Falls. Thousands prayed ...and miracles happened.
Most of the things you've heard about colonialism are wrong. In this book I tell you how and why. In Swedish.
A basic introduction to musicianship for tango dancers written by a University professor, tango dancer, violin and bandoneon performer.
a novel based on the real life story of Trek Atlas Ingram and a tale of a father who travels into the unknown in search of his son
I am looking for support in publishing my doctoral dissertation about ayahuasca as a social change agent.
In our broken world where everyone is hurting, God's hope can restore. Help us launch this exciting new outreach and discipleship tool.
A "How-To" book that teaches you step-by-step how to make an amazing marriage with simple communication tools.
Een thematische reisgids over het communistisch erfgoed van Oost-Europa. Voor avontuurlijke reizigers én geïnteresseerde thuisblijvers.
This is a book written for the millenial generation and those seeking to know the questions they're asking and the answers they need
This campaign will allow you to pre-order the first edition of this book, signed by the author.  Help make this project a reality!
Fall in Love With Your Life, One Week at a Time is an inspiring book that will support you in loving yourself and your life - as it is.
This is the first step on a journey. It starts with a book and ends with a solar energy system for communities in South Asia and Africa
Professional game show contestant and reality TV "superstar" Barry Dutter tells his true showbiz tales!
Authors, activists and intellectuals from the European Alternative Right are gathering for the annual highlight, Identitarian Ideas.
Finding items to sell on Amazon for profit is as easy as owning a smartphone and stopping by your local drug store or shopping online.
What is the "State of Manhood" in America?  Join me on a 10,000 mile quest to find out just what it means to be a "real man" today.
Money is Power! explains to beginners how the stock market works and how to earn lower risk profits by practicing stock trading online.
A book on how to beautify your skin naturally at any age without medications, synthetic chemicals, injections, lasers, or surgery.
Time Really Is Money is the first book instructing business owners how to work for $5,000 per hour and achieve financial independence.
A book to help small businesses increase sales by converting conversations to customers. Social Media Sales Success made Easy!
Making Startups More Successful: The book that helps you identify, test, and build your growth engine.
Ashley's first book! "Thorns, Barns & Oil Jars: 3 Keys to Your Financial Freedom" Unique godly principles presented in a practical way!
This campaign is to fund the maiden printing of the book "To My Children" by Jake McBroom.
A book, complete with a 7 step process that can be used anywhere in minutes, designed to make pos of our negative thinking and feeling.
Learn how to live the MSPI Life. In 10 days or less, you can have a diet with no dairy, no soy, and no regrets.
The very first memoir about a silenced woman's years among the Hasidim, Jewish ultra-orthodox--as wife, mother, and hidden lesbian.
Hjälp oss att förverkliga vår bokidé: En lättillgänglig och handfast bok om odling av fleråriga grönsaker, den första på svenska!
A paperback book containing 128 entirely blank pages. The cover says it all.
An illustrated history of one of America's oldest neighborhoods—Nantucket's North Shore—featuring folk history, old photos and recipes.
A comprehensive non-fiction book explaining the natural world around us through analogies and simple language.
The Nuremberg War Crimes Trials as photographed by my father, Ernest Farino (Sr.), one of the official U.S. Army photographers.
Writings To Die For examines the final works of famous writers with the context of their lives in mind.
Home Bar Basics (and Not-So-Basics) is a pocket-sized guide to setting up a home cocktail bar with an emphasis on quality and craft.
Decoding the Esoteric Secrets Hidden within the Career of Keanu Reeves - Kabbalah, Kundalini, the Dog-Star, Era-2012 and Beyond!
Blending anger, tragedy, and comedy with sound advice, "Shut Up I Hate You" is your guide to being a less awful person.
41% percent of transgenders have attempted suicide. As a transgender female, this book is my combat against these statistics.
Mali's Ali Farka Toure was a modern giant of African music. A book & companion cd will honor his legacy of music & traditional wisdom.
Kathy & Ras push their bodies, minds, and relationship to the breaking point and beyond on the 800+ mile Arizona National Scenic Trail.
Not All Poor People Are Black & other things we need to think more about. A book of essays to rock your mind & nurture your soul.
Life lessons can be found everywhere. Even from a gray, tabby rescue cat with lots of character. A lighthearted inspirational book.
A boxed collection of 50 recipes for craft supplies including paints, dough, slimes, and more for home and schools
Documenting our adventure as we explore our ancestry on the folkloric Isle of Man and through the haunted history of Muncaster Castle.
Letters Of A Dissatisfied Woman is about the fine art of complaining. Every letter is genuine.
“It is time that we had uncommon schools...  
We are all schoolmasters, and our schoolhouse is the universe.   
~ Henry David Thoreau
Please help us spread Leonard's message of Love to the whole world! Sponsor Time With Leonard and be part of art history!
Dylan and Anthony, worldly misadventurers of the Crazy Rogue Network, seek patronage to transform their journeys to physical media.
A limited 1st edition set for publication June 2014 A collectors book, of my experiences and photos. You can have signed copies.
Help us print the book on a graphic designer's life, and donate a copy in your name to art & design school libraries everywhere.
Using SMS to create "exquisite corpse" short stories. Participants receive a sentence and answer with their contribution.
A guide to understanding and interpreting Europes fairies, witches, vampires, dragons, and fairy tales
This book evaluates well-known realistic fictional dogs, showing how they help define our relationships with and attitudes toward dogs.
We're converting 28,040 public safety standards into valid HTML files to make them freely accessible and much more usable.
Tough Shit Tarot is an intervention for your soul. Use the deck to access your inner bad-assery by accepting what an asshole you can be
A unique collection of diaries, enabling the reader to experience close up the redemptive force of conscious choice against evil.
Discover the hidden parks of Paris with this historic first-ever guidebook. Nowhere else can you uncover the 400 hidden parks in Paris!
Signal Boost is a writing project, combining serial internet publication and more traditional publication, to tell a story of Free/Libre/Open Source
An inside look at a farmer's fight to influence ag policy in Washington DC and the oddities of life that happen along the way.
A book about the public libraries located on the Lewis and Clark Trail, and the adventure in a library research trip along the Trail!
Understanding the forming of contemporary art in Dallas by interviewing artists/curators/gallery owners active in 60's to early 80's
My book will demonstrate how and why I use compost and compost tea to grow healthy and beautiful plants.
The first volume in a collection of history books, available in both English and French, that present well-known figures at a glance.
A gut wrenching journey to accept the gifts given to me by the Creator & live the life I was meant to live!
Napoleon's greatest campaign, lavishly illustrated with art by Keith Rocco, 45+ color maps, and over 40 historical uniform plates.
Ever wondered how to survive winter with no power? First aid or perform a tracheotomy? Purify water and find food? Escape and evade?
Powerful pictures of the less fortunate with their equally powerful story attatched. Living with less than many, more free than most.
The streetsmart guide to single parenting. Get more time with your kids, stay out of court, lower costs and make peace with your ex.
This is a book for the inexperienced on how to cost effectively (structurally and functionally) build your own log home.
A Graphic Designer's investigation of the Runes reveals unexpected results. Runes are not letters or magic. They are so much better.
We propose to study 19th century courthouses, bring getaway-chicago destinations up to about 100, and publish a book on our travels.
An in-depth study into the untimely death of a Hollywood legend. In this upcoming book Comedy & Tragedy shows us both faces once again.
A book about a little black boy going through the worst life has to offer and still surviving and thriving.
A book about indicting right-wing demagogues and causing conservative consternation
Too Sweet -A candid,humorous & irreverent guide to living with diabetes is just what the doctor would never order but would still read.
An event in 2009 led me to seek a relationship with God and I learned a lot since then that I want to share with others to inspire them
A witty and honest perspective into the life of an LDS missionary and the sacrifice and reward that comes from service.
Because All is Knowable, All is Possible ...  Think Right, Act Right with the intrepid self-educator’s Universe Discovery Pocket Guide.
We're ready to develop our in-flight natural history guides for the BIG routes. The first one is Bay Area/Seattle. You choose the next!
A book about an older gentleman's journey to develop relationships with young women in the Philippines on Social Media. and visit them.
"People tend to travel blind, along the calf paths of the mind"  Why do we do the things we do?
A book that tells my story of how I went from searching world religions to finding Christ in the most extraordinary manner.
This book is about my Grandfather, his life and time in the Navy and in World War II, his first hand experiences, letters & pictures.
Step by step, land by land this book will take you on a journey through the almost forgotten Fairy Realms of Eurasia.
A 128-pg, 3x5 pocket reference containing critical info & visual keys that enable more precise decisions while hunting vintage items.
A compilation of historical photos and detailed information about Keweenaw County in Michigan's Upper Peninsula Copper Country.
Hollywoods will be the first book-length, anthropological treatment of film industry workers  written in the last 60 years.
A collection of personal essays by LGBT folks from the South.
Unique book sharing locals' stories, gets to the heart of what's needed, before it's too late. Stunning photos, compelling stories.
Documenting the small but beautiful details of East London's half forgotten Dickensian pubs.
On the Road with the Green & Gold – A Journey into Packer Nation is a cultural exploration of the Green Bay Packers’ fan base.
Investigate the causes of seasons, lunar phases, and more with an observing journal that requires no telescopes or advanced math!
A beautifully crafted hardback publication, asking the world's best web and print designers short questions about their work.
Poet Olive Custance's influence on her husband Lord Alfred Douglas's work and life have often been overlooked. Let's change that.
ARCA, the Archive for Rural Contemporary Architecture is an open-source online archive and Guidebook.
Een humoristisch, geïllustreerd boek over de zin en onzin van werk & carrière met serieuze tips voor persoonlijke ontwikkeling.
Provides support for everyday people learning to eat whole, nutrient dense foods by incorporating Clean Eating and Paleo Lifestyles.
Saving languages to save ourselves. Nepal's endangered languages; the  valuable ethnobotany of Nepal and why we need to document it now
A never-before-told TRUE story of gold bullion deals, murder, stolen treasure and a ruthless dictator...
An illustrated & interactive trail book mapping out the very best of the British Indie Coffee Houses and the British coffee culture.
Help us live our American Dream: to travel across the country finding the best vintage junk & to document every kitschy moment!
An extraordinary photographic story of Detroit. From pioneers of House & Techno music to abandoned urban landscapes.
Be part of history and get your name in the New Tacoma Narrows Bridge Photo Book. You can also receive a signed copy of the book.
The ONLY Astrophotography Handbook you will ever need. Tutorials on all aspects of astrophotography from the Sun to the Galaxies.
A journey across election-year America in search of meaning, God, and common ground.
Experience the mystical powers of the Hebrew letters and receive practical guidance in this book of divination and ancient wisdom.
The return of the groundbreaking book, with more details on ABBA’s recording secrets, alternate takes and unreleased mixes.
Travel guide for those uneasy w/ crowds, lines, people in general. Focus on food, value & getting the same experience as everyone else.
Can a writer on a research mission make the 20 hour trek from Detroit to Austin and back using only the "sharing economy?"
A self-contained work of games criticism in the literary style. A meditation on violence as motive force in the worlds of games.
At last, the definitive book on Hollywood's classic motion picture:
IT'S A MAD, MAD, MAD, MAD WORLD!
A compelling colorful book about a mythical House of Music in Palma de Mallorca, Spain, in the 60's and 70's.
From the humblest beginnings in 1998 to its current status as America's largest exclusive Doctor Who store, this is our history!
This book will showcase not only tons of pictures of amazing unlicensed Vintage Star Wars toys, but the story behind why they were made
Help the Heinz History Center and the Veteran Voices of Pittsburgh transcribe dozens of WWII veteran stories.
A non-fiction book about the 2008-2009 Cutlery Revolution as told by Hordur Torfason, the leader of the revolution.
A book about Grameen Bank and Muhammad Yunus – studying their operations over the last 30 years in creating a world without poverty.
Please help me create the longest prayer chain for PEACE and HOPE to tuck into the Western Wall (Kotel) in Jerusalem.
We are building a time capsule to be opened in the next millennium.  Share your texts, audio messages or music to be remembered.
Beautiful coffee table book on John Galliano, with amazing images, including years at Givenchy, Dior and most recently Maison Margiela.
Geek Culture is a coffee-table book about CONvergence, a sci-fi and fantasy convention in Minnesota drawing thousands of attendees.
Finally an independent printed guidebook to Yorkshire's biggest city.
Let's get the younger generation excited about Asheville's rich history through an interactive Aroma Tour. Ye shall be rewarded for it!
WWI's little-known story of German occupation, Belgian resistance, and the band of Yanks who helped save millions from starvation.
A collectible memoir with photographs chronicling the life and career of Marcus Leatherdale, and a notorious NYC era '79-'05.
HARP intends to produce an eBook and report on the findings of excavation of the 18th century settlement, Kildavie, on the isle of Mull
Return to Route 40 is a photography book using then-and-now photography to document 50 years of change along the highway U.S. Route 40.
Help me fund the book and share the memory of a legendary Swedish reporter - Tony Kaplan!
For fans of my Instagram feed, @penguinbookaday, here's a look at some classic vintage paperbacks from the UK and USA!
Identify and conquer your inner Christmas villain with this short book based on classic holiday villain archetypes.
An extraordinary collection of criminal mug shots and the stories behind them from one small American town 1930-1960
A book for young adults about preparing and achieving their goals for the "real world" outside of high school and college.
Behind The Razor Wire is a book containing stories and poems of Juveniles that have been locked up in Prison.
How to make better use of Information Technology in your business and your life
This story is about being diagnosed with terminal cancer 20 yrs ago; dealing with the long term effects with laughter and posivity
Objective: To create and publish an alphabetical, how-to-guide, with stories of my in/experiences as a bride.
Exposes the corrupt symbiosis between the health fraud industries and the media -- print, broadcast and health hoax book publishers
This is the true story about an African American slave who was freed and bought his own plantation of 700 acres in S.C. at 33 y/o.
There is something about cooking one thousand 280gm fillet steaks to MR and resting ready for plating that has become addictive.
Harness the power of the Tarot to navigate through life. Film and e-book with stories, card meanings, layouts, and interpretation guide
NEW BOOK: How the demands of history's 4th hardest presidency were sometimes greater than Barack Obama's resources & where to from here
An American travels to North Korea for their huge and elaborate "Victory in the Fatherland's Liberation War" festival.
Silent No More is a book about surviving child abuse and it is aimed at helping other victims learn how to survive their own ordeal.
Ever wonder why most divorces end up so badly? It doesn't have to be that way. Learn the secrets for creating a Good divorce.
This is a memoir of how one woman went from radical lesbian to prostitute, and what happened next. Funny, honest, poignant, and true.
A four-time author's attempt to write the definitive book on the single greatest TV show. Ever.
This book is the true story of a simple uneducated kid from Georgia who's dreams all came true.
My book is written to inspire, uplift, and encourage Christians and Non-Christians to view Christianity from a different point of view.
What the healing journey of one psychiatrist and one patient can teach others about the potential in their own Dr-patient relationships
Kroppsbyggarminnen om karriär, gravt missbruk, förlorade relationer, fängelsevistelser, adhd och kampen tillbaka till livet som nykter.
25 of the most popular topics from the 'Philosophy Walk' podcast, expanded upon for this book by writer & podcaster Rick Coste.
The History Atlas is a deep pdf graphic file that engages researchers and the curious alike in their local history surroundings.
This book is an oral history account through the eyes of 45 different families of the good old days at a small NH seaside community .
Publishing The Woodsman a journey of thriving through depression.
I am interviewing 10 kids, and 10 adults with TS for a book to educate everyone the truth and how this syndrome varies person to person
This is a year diary of stories and seasonal cookery and stunning photography on the Isles of Scilly
I am returning to India with Shabda & Taj & friends to advance our awakening, and am tracking the story in words.
Help me publish this book that unlocks the mysteries of the Bible like the Tree of Knowledge of Good and Evil, "what is it"? The coming
A new edition of the most comprehensive history of the world's greatest hard rock band.
Tell Yourself The Truth is a non-fictional book that's written to prosper the lives of people from their core within.
Adventum is a new literary magazine of outdoor adventure writing, photography, and haiku. Take part in this new literary adventure.
Publishing the Life Story of Bhante Sujatha, a Monk Who Brought Happiness to America
EatBIG! is a compilation of restaurants serving up big portions across the nation. Specifically written with food enthusiasts in mind.
7 Secrets to Super-Productive Parenting
Plants Go to War will investigate World War II from a botanical perspective, from victory gardens to rubber, hemp, medicines, and coal.
Fascinating, Very Funny Memoir of an "Everyman" Wine Guru Who Reveals Secrets of the Wine World Useful For Everyone, Beginner or Expert
Everyone wants to travel the world, but feel limited by time and budget.  We will show how to travel within limited vacation time.
What do you get when you mix Forrest Gump, The Hangover and The Bourne Identity? Meet Robert "Fish" Fisher. (Based on true events)
Kennedy´s killers & their heirs now control major parts of our society and an intl. paramilitary mafia that compromises our future
FAITH'S JOURNEY: Book 1 is a personal account of adventures incurred while serving as an English Teacher / Missionary in ZAIRE, AFRICA.
Showbiz people from all over interviewed about successes, failures and good advice for anyone going for their dream.
This book talks about my journey dealing with Lupus and my transition to healing myself mind, body, and spirit.
Privacy Expert & Author seeks funding for third book about privacy and disappearing from big brother.
An American story that discusses the ethical imperative in business management and its critical importance in sustaining society.
Pirates died violently.  Their spirits are among us. Document their stories while preserving their history. Join Us.
A true story, which weaves my passion for birds and flight, and
leads to historical flights with a one-winged Bald Eagle.
Laugh your way through life, but take it serious..
Focus more on the good  parts and learn from the bad...
A recent study at Oxford gave the alarming results that 50% of all occupations today will be gone by 2020 due to automation.
A book that compiles research on drugs and conspiracies to provide a bold, shocking new theory on the existence of the paranormal.
Please help me launch an ad campaign to spread the word about Runology: the science of endurance, long life, addiction, and healing
Research and travel expenses for a historical dictionary that will highlight a little known but important event in the Celtic fringe.
"W a n t. by Karl L. Larsen is a full throttle ride into a young man's coming of age wrought by angst & rage as he redefines the word.
Gratitude is a powerful tool for improving quality of life.  My book contains techniques and affirmations to help manifest gratitude.
What excitement!! To be writing a book as unique as this, and being that much closer to sharing it with others!
Discover the mythology of the Border, a world not quite Mexico, not quite America. Become a part of a new type of fantasy literature
We the people deserve a 21st century update to our democracy. The Fourth Branch offers a blueprint to update the Constitution.
2 book project, with Radical Theories from the crowdsource community, starting with one of my own.
Travel guide that features over 225 car museums and auto attractions across America. It's a perfect gift for vintage car buffs.
Join in the fight to solve homelessness! The true-life story by #1 filmmaker from American Idol and Ellen. 400 pages + interactive QR
A real-life horror story so shocking that takes an unexpected turn...
A ground-breaking and comprehensive series of nine guidebooks for teaching disciples of Jesus to joyfully obey everything he commanded.
We are living in a time where some Corporations have powers above justice and environmental defenders are being treated like criminals.
The spiritual adventures of a foreign service brat who sought the perfect tennis game and the secrets of the universe.
New thinking on economics for a time in desperate need of it.
The story starts with 40+ miles to get home, 30 mph wind, 5 degree temps, a Honda 150 cc scooter, and uncountable beers...
This project will convert this e-book from iBooks Author to the file formats required by Amazon, Google Play, Nook, and others.
Join our trip as we drive to Alaska and document our experience in my third book! There's lots to see along the way!
This is my story coming from the perspective of the lessons I learned & the Spiritual insights I gained through homelessness/suffering.
True Stories of Adult Women Survivors of Child Sexual Abuse and Their Journeys of Healing and Recovery.
I'm writing a coffee-table book called "Reboot!" that explains to the non-tech-savvy population how to not break their computer...
Love is a Spectrum is a sneak peek into people's bedrooms. Ever wondered what happens when other lovers are alone?
A insightful book on the 2016 election and how it was won.
Authored by the creator of TRUMP TV who inspired the theme
America First.
It seems there are renewed fears of clash of civilization first proposed by Samuel Huntington in his book.
Against all odds as a minority I became a Navy SEAL without knowing how to swim.
Have you always wanted to know how to make your own computer video games? This book will explain how, no programming knowledge needed.
Governments and corporations are spying on everything we do. How do we regain our privacy? Simple: With a cloak of invisibility!
Series of educator training workshops that are PRACTICAL, USEFUL, FUN, and will improve student learning while REDUCING teacher stress!
Bob Kilpatrick's new book on the power of praying together, a companion to his earlier book Secrets of the Silence.
Super Bowl 50 Champions The Denver Broncos!  Super Bowl 50 Book Second Edition help us expand the book to celebrate the epic 50th game!
I'll attend a sporting event every day for a year (Wounded Warriors will join me at many; all 50 states) & then write a book about it.
A book about the Jesse James family, torn apart by stigma, silence, & self inflicted anonymity, as it outran an outlaw reputation.
Are You The Man God Created You To Be? Discover the man you are and become the man you were meant to be. A Man Like God.
A book detailing the sword strategies of Hank Reinhardt through photography, theory and fight analysis.
Discover how you can build a more profitable, durable, impactful business today. Join us in creating a different future.
Homosexual to Transgender:

A Mother's Love through God's Grace
‘Baking Outside the Box’ cookbook is ‘easy bake for grown ups’. MYO mixes & bake cakes, brownies, bars, cookies, snack cakes & more !
Story about the journey of one individual through life looking for that balance between relationships, work, home, friends, school, etc
A memoir of a Veteran discharged from the Navy for being Gay and the discriminatory policies of the United States Government.

I promised a friend who passed that I'd promote his book after his death. Now I have the means and the time to do it. Please help me!
This is my book, Ninety Seven Days. The book only needs editing and to be published now. Need your help to make my dream come true.
They said, “Too frail. Life expectancy uncertain.” But Bob Sampson persevered and changed history. This book reveals his life.
This is part of a larger campaign to garner media exposure to the creative writing of our favorite author!
This book will do to the American Criminal 'Justice' System, what Watergate did to Nixon.
For the first time in 1900 years, the story of Jesus brought to you with no pressure, no condemnation — and no compromise.
I'm writing a book about trying to get over my picky eating by trying the best of all of the foods I hate. Help me finish my research! 
This project will be to create a book detailing WWII from the perspective of one small boat in the Pacific during WWII.
I want to publish a non-fiction zine about my experiences at the 2011 Clarion West Writers Workshop. 
E-book about my trip to Tokyo Disneyland, staying at Tokyo Disneyland hotel, and all my experiences, while wearing my luchadore mask.
A look into one man's soul as he journeys with his son through guilt, regret and despair, and finally, towards acceptance and hope.
The skeleton in my closet is murder. My grandfather's death made headlines from coast to coast in the height of the depression.
A non-fiction biography of a man with no beginning. From a sealed adoption at 6 months, to a published writer at 52, this is my story.
My journey through health challenges, domestic violence,  caring for dying parent, saving life of grandchild with rare disease .
WILD VOICES is a Book and Card Set that invokes the mystery and the messages from the WILD ANIMALS of AFRICA
A book that teaches anyone in simple terms how to live with and respect nature through mutual acceptance of nature and self.
I am trying to finance the self-publication of my 10 year long journey in writing these books.
If Chicken Soup for the Soul and your family cookbook had a baby, it would be Menus and Memories. Share a story and a recipe.
The true story of a woman's journey with her plant-obsessed man whose passion for beauty has captured the heart of his woman of words.
Teaching the Art of Learning and Boosting Self-Confidence
The birth of this book, its originating energies are founded in the desire to see the inhabitants of this planet come together as one!
Somewhere between the cosmos and earth you are touched by fate. These are the strange and hilarious stories from my life.
I am writing a 155+ page local /regional history book for northern Central Massachusetts; interesting narratives generously illustrated
Point/counter-points for world issues, etiquette, investing, car and home buying, quotes, toasts, entrepreneurship, cooking and more!
Did I actually live this life? Funny, extraordinary, shocking journey from a world of poverty into the glamorous entertainment world.
Determined to live her destiny, Golda Meir's resolve for the rebirth of Israel, gives insight and courage for your own journey.
Support twenty5square Magazine | The Urban Trailguide to Greater Center City Philadelphia! — Help us create Media that Matters!
A Step-by-Step Video Tutorial Detailing EXACTLY How to Complete Your Self-Assessment Tax Return and Accounts from Start to Finish.
A book that tell the stories of the Homeless. Don't you wonder what happened? How they got there? I do..http://www.photoshow.com/watch/
Is your city set up to support you and your dream business? If not, then this book is for you - learn, engage and advocate for change.
In July of 2012, my family and I visited towns in Missouri that shared their names with states, countries and international cities.
I would like to turn my ebook - Mom's Family Favorite Yeast Recipes - Essentials and Treats into a print book.
A memoir about growing up with a gay father and a physically and mentally handicapped mother and all the skeletons we kept in the closet. 
TCoM is the online mixed-media documentary of one man and his family's fight against the cycling tragedy of Bipolar 1 Disorder.
Can you imagine Mt. Rushmore without Abraham Lincoln? How about the Beatles without producer George Martin ?
We will translate the story of Dr Marcel Petiot and his own personal contribution to the Holocaust in Occupied Paris
Pediatric heart surgery.  The toughest surgical discipline.  A man's world.  Kristine Guleserian cracked it.  This is her story.
Friends talk about suffering, compassion and creative force in mental health.
There is a war on classroom teachers in this country and it is time for teachers to fight back.
Collection of scanned WWII documentation for printing on CD and distributed to Educational facilities for not cost.
Botanical images will carry me around the world for research to be a published undergraduate.
Warning: NoSQL is Becoming More Popular. 

Master MongoDB With This Handbook on Mongoose—The Doc Mapper for Node.js for $2 ONLY.
A unique and popular store long gone, has affected my childhood and adult years for better and for worse.
I wrote a short story about my dad and his unused Ice Bowl tickets and called it My Dad the Ice Bowl Chicken and want to publish it!
If you've ever had an HOA charge you with a senseless fine, warning or worse...a lawsuit
"Can God Save Haiti"? is a powerful book that outlines the history of Haiti as it relates to the world and more...
A story of a teenage Mormon boy fresh out of High School, and his roller coaster of sin, crime, love, and religion.
I have developed this book to show corporations how to avoid downsizing and improve the relationships they build with their employees.
This provides a chronological snapshot of my years as an award-winning writer. List your short and long-term goals, accomplish; repeat.
A book collecting unique and wildly different stories from around the world, including astronauts, bus drivers and cancer survivors.
Popular sects of Buddhism in the US  have limitless information available for scholars.  But what about the lesser known lineages?
A true story about a young girl from Brooklyn who survived devastating tragedies against all odds.This Novel will inspire every reader.
Help us teach the world to write with the best selling writing book of all time.  "Put It In Writing" is now available as an eBook.
A once beautiful and now neglected local landmark who's story like it's very presence is in danger of vanishing forever.
BUZZ RIDE shows the good and bad of humanity as it takes readers on an exciting nocturnal journey full of wit, humor, and suspense.
Ivan Garikow's biography will change art history. Classically trained at Repin, Ivan's legacy will be preserved - his art, appreciated.
After you read what I would like to share, life will make sense.
Food connects us, especially to those we can no longer share a meal with. Yet, even in our losses,  there is joy in remembering.
Just the stuff you need to know to get started or improve your cycling. A fun, quick read with over 100 photos and many practical tips.
Where to go in Europe with your dog and how to get there.
This is a Finished Book of 850 pages A4. Written from Original Contemporary sources covering many actions hidden from view for 74 years
Heartfelt stories of difficult pregnancies, as told from the perspective of each parent separately.
Memoir. A Lifelong New Yorker moves to Alaska and becomes a victim of domestic violence. She turns tragedy into success in story.
This book is about the challenges and insight into my recovery. It will be finished in Sept 2014 and will be published 7 months later.
Help me to write on a life on a service dog.  From start to training completion.
Everyday heroes like you and me, making choices towards love and freedom and truth!
A tomfoolery filled tale with the highs and lows of my teenage life with depression, the causes, the cures, and the hilarities.
"To the Women Who Want It All" is a memoir & journey of an ambitious woman looking to find balance, happiness, and success in her life.
William James Pettengill is my 3rd great grandfather.  My project is to write about his family history in an upcoming genealogy book.
To create a tourist guidebook that would show the many great attractions in North Carolina from the famous to the not-so-famous.
I traveled alone two years as a backpacker and I saw the true nature of people
I have had 5 major surgeries including open heart and brain. I had many accidents which should have killed me. I've had many chances.
A memoir on how I became a psychic medium using automatic writing. This story is filled with suspense and life changing events!
Over a million students a year choose the wrong college for them. Let's fix that.
This primer provides an accessible overview of the legal status and rights of community gardens in NYC, written for a general audience.
Life is about change and nothing ever stays the same. It is important to learn the lessons God is teaching us along the way.
An informal book for both youngsters and
adults with photographs and original drawings. 
Light in style, brief, surprisingly complete
have you ever expereinced a hard time dating, or just felt like the deck was stacked against you? you haven't read anything like this.
Twenty-four ladies made squares for a quilt 75 years ago.  The quilt was found in 2010.  Help me unravel the mystery behind a treasure.
What happens when your average sports-loving, culture hating couch potato husband secretly writes a book for his wife? Watch the video.
Ruby’s Juke Joint Americana Cookbook is filled with my down-home recipes, accompanied by a CD of great Americana music to cook by.
I'm in the process of gathering my journals and writing about my experiences of working in Retail like sears and kmart.
In need of a professional evaluation and copyedit. Romance, coming of age, music, and insanity are just a few things in the novel.
"Allemaol d'n Berg op" is het boek over het seizoen 2015/2016 van VVV-Venlo. De club wordt zowel sportief en maatschappelijk gevolgd.
I was eighteen years old, in Turkey, no money, lost, and about to cross the Syrian border without a passport.
Just how much computing can be performed on the Wii U? Chromebooks work with just a browser, how far can you get with your Wii U?
A descendant of a slave owned by Nathan Bedford Forrest, Al Arnold, writes a compelling story of his Black Confederate heritage.
Professor Fernando Pargas declares that educators must stop pretending that there isn’t a corrupt alliance of business and politics.
Your son, daughter, friend, coworker, or employee may not have earned their college degree. They might have paid me to.
A son's dynamic true memoir about growing up in a pot-smuggling family, which was headed by his infamous mother Judy "Haas" McNelis.
From the creator and writer of "Hidden Parks of Paris" comes the anticipated, first-ever travel book on the parks and piazzas of Rome.
I would like to tell the story of my life as the son of Bo Diddley, one of the most talented artists the world has ever known.
Remember all those emails you wish you saved? The funny ones, the tender ones, the ones that made you think? I did, and here they are.
Help me innovate the future of publishing with the world's first GPS-powered book that educates as much as it entertains.
This book is an inspirational offering of various day to day situations that affect our lives and challenge us to be people of hope.
From a beleaguered soul beneath a well-manicured veneer comes this inspirational collection of essays on life, love, fear…and hope!
In early WW2, freedom's fate rests with young aviators manning obsolete Devastator torpedo bombers who must attack a colossal fleet.
I had always loved to dance - but words spoken to me one day by my mother cause me to not believe in myself. Then I had a vision.......
A story of my life and how I lost so much of myself to drugs.
Help give birth to the wild yet sweet, non-fiction tale of a guy and his goat, struggling to remain in New Orleans after hurricane Katrina, and more.
A BOOK, TREATISE, AND CHALLENGE RE: THE MOST GENERAL LAW OF RELATIVITY. Uniquely linking Quantum, Relativistic, and Newtonian Mechanics
7000 words, 700 bars, 70 pages, in 34 minutes... This innovative project is in position to set world records. Longest rap/song ever!
Go on an intriguing journey - Be inspired & grow on your journey with "A Spy in Suburbia: The Temple Priestess Chronicles."
26 Years of Nothing is my real life struggles with addiction and recovery. I've lived through robberies, snipers, stabbings, and more.
The death of 3 children led to divorce, depression, financial ruin. Was God punishing me? RISE is my journey to a  life of joy !!
Communicating end-game with dignity. 21st c skills in a fast-paced busy world. How to be swift, honest and tactful dismissing others.
The Awakening Guide is a guidebook designed to help you wake up and make your dreams a reality.
How The world should be in my mind, a collection of all my thoughts on the world.
The Great Depression was not caused by the vanishing of DEMAND.  It was caused by the vanishing of CAPITAL.  It's happening again.
I am writing a book about my life since meeting Brody. Love, loss, learning new things, travel, and searching for something real.
A true story of the redeeming power of God in my life before I was ever born through adulthood, surviving physical and sexual abuse.
Growing Up Brooklyn Style takes an provocative look at a street-wise Italian American who discovers a world much bigger than Brooklyn.
I walked 3700 miles in Wales following a cancer diagnosis and now I want to write a book about the whole wonderful, incredible journey.
The 'Hinge & Go' golf system was made for those golfer's who are ready to simply their golf swing and play the best they ever have
This is a kickstarter project to get the first manual on Modelling Churchill tanks from Inside the Armour Publications to print!
25 incredible recipes.  Instead of boring bowls of soup, enjoy photos of fabulous burlesque performers, at Denver, CO landmarks!
We're creating a book about my late father and those who served with him at AnKhe Vietnam 1965-66 and how the war affected them.
I am putting together my great photos and a saga of my extensive travels along with recipes of great Balkan food and stories of heroes
With your help, I'd like to see my book about the life and times of being a festival toilet cleaner, come to life in glorious print.
An incredible true story of a group of British martial arts students & their crazy instructors' quest to cycle and spar across the USA.
"Food. Love. Stilettos: Recipes for Living Deliciously" serves up witty, no-nonsense and fun-loving tips for cooking and confidence.
Book of sermons given following the 9-11 attacks.
I am writing a book to inspire others to never give up. My story is one of survival and overcoming all obstacles.
This book can help save the lives of your entire family.  Help us put this critical information in the hands of parents everywhere.
Black woman wants to travel to Scotland to learn and write about the man who purchased her family members as slaves in the USA.
This project is about focusing the lens with which young people view their lives and their future.
Some people seem to have 30 hours in their days... Hacking Time will help you Find the Extra Hours in your Days
I need help paying for the editing and publishing process of my book, "Retailiation."
The story of OP1 a wild Afghan Kuchi dog who followed a troop of US soldiers through Afghan wilderness & refused to leave them.
A Cuban Song in My Heart is a book about freedom, mambo, rumba jazz and  salsa. And yet, it is not a book specifically about music.
This book takes a cutting edge, bi-partisan look a politics and culture in America. It is not left or right, liberal or conservative.
Should Revelation be scary?  No way!  Never!  It's the blueprint for every 'happy-ever-after' story ever written!
A regional guide to enotourism in Catalonia, Spain including 64 wineries and tasting notes for 225 wines
A book covering one woman's Peace Corps experience from 2003 to 2005.
An expose of how community slander lead to false allegations of money laundering and my alleged role in BC's "Casinogate" scandal.
This is a true story about abuse and how it can effect the child within.
The Charlie Robinson (Story From the Son of a Mississippi Delta Sharecropper to the Top of the Chicago Barbecue Charts)
Finding Forever, is about the Quarter Life Crisis experienced by a young American Graduate who finds his life's meaning in India.
KICKSTARTER EXCLUSIVE! The book of the true story of the first successful expedition to every sovereign nation on Earth without flying!
2nd Edition will have updates on technologies and options to create more income opportunity for agents.
Have you met the person God intended you to be? You can, but  distractions are keeping you from discovering your purpose.
The crazy secrets of what parents really go through -  help parents-to-be really understand the things that never get spoken about!
The story of Cesar's journey: traveling all over California, from single to married, but mostly from insecure to confident.
Get a series of Chinese History books off the ground by funding the first one!
Mainstream archeology has largely ignored underwater pyramids. My team and I will take photographs and publish a book on this topic.
I am seeking to raise funding to market my ground-breaking, self-published Krupp Dynasty book "The Cannon King's Daughter."
This book is for any woman who has ever sought validation and worth in men and came up feeling less than what she was created for.
Until you have done something to advance human life, you should be ashamed to die.
Writing & Researching since 1992. My book abolishes Religion, proves Science wrong, teaches Time Travel & Secrets for Mastering Life.
One day your heart will stop beating and that will be it! Time is your most precious asset! Why waste it?
After nearly 2 years of working as an EXTRA, this writer sheds light on the good, bad and ugly of the business of background acting.
Pope Francis asked for a "new synthesis" of Catholic Social Teaching, and I want to provide it. But let's do the job right, eh?
A Book to help all High School Students grow their creative capacity and develop their entrepreneurial instincts.
A rare look into the life of Karol Wojtyla before he became Pope John Paul II.
A novelty/gift book for expecting parents containing awful, unfortunate and undesirable baby names NOT to name your newborn.
World resistant stories from the non-resistant world.
A labor of love, to share insights and nuggets of wisdom given by God
When Dan Lafferty kills his brother's wife and daughter, his own daughter overcomes the shame & trauma & finds triumph in forgiveness.
If you love to travel, this book is for you. Everything about a 3 year family trip on 50 countries and how to accomplish big dreams.
On Wednesday, February 16, 1983, the 45 foot San Mateo capsized in a series of huge waves as she attempted to clear Morro Bay Harbor.
A novel examining the rising cost of higher education in the United States, from the perspectives of undergrads at Williams College.
From Eden to Yehud: The Origins of Biblical Israel is a research project based around a book alongside a series of short documentaries.
The aim of my wildlife books is to encourage people to stop and look at what is around them. Nature belongs to us all, so enjoy it!
A non-fiction book about the struggles and hardships that go on behind closed doors of young male growing up in a broken home.
HIGHLIGHTING THOSE HEROES WHO WORE THE JARDUR BRAND ON THEIR WRIST
A secret project for my talented girlfriend as a lovely Christmas present and to produce an excellent book on making impressive cakes!
A book about video games, and the science, history and psychology behind the minds of corporation and consumer alike.
27 writers create a literary montage of Durham, North Carolina in essays, short stories, poetry. Book & ebook published in Aug. '12.
"Art is in the eye of the beholder". In Your Words will create inspiration, emotion, wonder, and joy for its readers!
Lake Bonneville is long gone from the map of the West. But what's left of its stunning cutthroat trout, hidden in tiny Utah streams?
Partner with a cutting-edge author whose new book project will help readers change their lives through cutting-edge tools and tactics.
Help me write and publish my book "On Baseball and America", reflections from a 3 month road trip across America to every MLB stadium
This is my first book about the Sasquatch and my 39 years experience and personal encounters.
CD course with workbook that will guide people from anger/grudges to forgiveness. I need assist w/ recording fees and producing CDs.
This book is a summary of my life's story. From birth to ganglife, from ganglife to the re-birth of a Christian. I'm home now!
Raised on traumatic abuse, Bobbi faced life's challenges through alcoholism, transgenderism and homosexuality. God has healed her life.
A concise, common sense book emphasizing the actual text of the U S Constitution.
Reviving the printed version of our Award Winning Insider Guide to the World's Best Wine Producers. A wine lover's essential reading.
The cookbook where Backers are collaborators. 
Make those final meals count!
Explore the cutting-edge science and spirituality of miracles in an illustrated guide to the ultimate human adventure.
Earn fun & exclusive rewards backing 2015 Disneyland history/guide books by an author & Disneyland expert. Books, photos, food--magic!
Beautifully designed cards that tell the romantic, bloody, revolutionary and fascinating story of the English Monarchy.
My plan is to create a walking audio tour of the area around Istanbul's Grand Bazaar and Çemberlitaş Constantine Column.
I need to create an admin tool to edit the current database and create an XML structure of the 1828 dictionary so it can be shared.
This book shows what sacrifices and courage it took to start this country and how women were on the front lines of that effort.
Never has a player been so universally loved by his city.  Yet never has that love so quickly evaporated.
THIS IS A BOOK ABOUT BEING IN BUSINESS FOR YOURSELF. WE WILL INTERVIEW BUSINESS OWNERS AS PART OF THE TEXT FOR THE BOOK.
I have compiled 12 life lessons from the greatest movie ever made, The Godfather.
Sat in a shed for 30 years or so waiting for an enthusiastic engineer (that’s me) to restore this motorbike to its former glory!
A book of personal accounts from people who have survived - and do survive - life with mental illness. Stories of hope and survival.
THE PREACHER’S DRUNK WIFE, is a inspirational story of how God carried a  woman through her test and changed it into her testimony!
The 10 Rules of Realism for Autism Spectrum Disorder is a self-help book for parents of children diagnosed with ASD.
I'll be making a pilgrimage from Barcelona to Rome, writing a memoir of my experiences as I walk through Spain, France, and Italy.
With YOU I can turn Lov-Me&Grown Woman Thoughts from an ebook&quotes to a PUBLISHED PAPERBACK for YOU!I will work for it! #TeamDreamers
everyone has a beginning,as does the Artist known as Prince,this book covers the formative years from 1970-1976,the Grand Central band
Learn how to make a successful podcast.  We will cover every aspect of podcasting.  From equipment to the best affiliates to use.
Slavery is an ancient a business as the human race, where none may claim exclusive subjection of its brutality.
Help bring LIGHT to the world.  A nonfiction science book for general readers about our perception of light, and the speed of light.
A non fiction book with photos, of the year 2015 at the Old Course including exclusive access to a tour pro in the Open Championship.
Inspiring stories of everyday people who, when stumbling on a problem didn't turn their back, but dedicated their life to solving it.
Unforgotten Hero tells the life story of 2nd Lt. Jimmy L. Escalle, a U.S. Air Force fighter pilot who became MIA during the Korean War.
Publish a book of myths and lore of Grimr containing poetry, lore, myths, praxis, theory, essays, and photography and art.
The Luz Cosmica Experiment consists of 4 journals hand written by Virginia, a Amazonian shaman, describing her apprenticeship.
One man's story of his life before, during, and after atrial fibrillation. Successes, failures, and side effects of meds & procedures.
A graphic book describing a new model of intelligence. Support for the model in real world observations. How and why.
A series of self-help relationship books, translating old principles into new logic.
If you know you are loved you will have the strength of life and heart to do anything you want to do or need to do. Gotta Know Now!
An account of how the digital age has impacted musical literacy, why music still matters, and how we can all make technology our muse!
The amazing true story of how an atheist economist stumbled upon enlightenment and the new "Equilibrium Diet" that led her there.
During life as a transient I found out that the world, shaped by balances of freedoms and security, was not as perfect as it could be.
In 2008 i met a 15 years old boy diagnosed with CYSTIC FIBROSIS. The doctors gave him only 2 years to live. I want to share our history
The revealing how the act of forgiving and learning to be forgiven has lead me to a more joyful, peaceful, and purposeful life.
The book tells the story of Denver’s bustling improv scene & thru the book’s publicity & distribution aims to expand the audience base.
Returning to Eden,,,
I will sing a new song, that God has given me. 
My Story for God's Glory!
A compilation of philosophies, thoughts, and ideas said to bring us closer to success.
The project is to publish a book on trout stream conservation for a general audience that brings wider awareness to this issue.
The true account of 18 years of terrorist hunting with half-crazy geniuses and how the Air Force is losing the capability to do it.
'Toilets in Asia' tells the heart warming story of a man on the road, trying to find a decent toilet where there are none
The Journal of Undergraduate and High School Research is a peer-review, digital journal designed for young scientists.
Writing a book of my life story and journey to where I am now. Helping the poorest of the poor locally and across the country.
A Guide to Growing Up is an interactive book that describes the changes you go through and the challenges you face once you turn 18.
Adding a new life, an adopted daughter, to the family, Mark discovered a life he never really knew after all - his. This is that story.
Support Tash and Hinarera to launch their books, and get some COOL awards - even join us for a swanky book launch event!!
A book on how life is carried out in Ohio, in different areas. Stories of what we don't see. From pictures to words, Life in Ohio.
Bestselling grief and bereavement writer takes on the toughest challenge of his career: How to take the fear out of death.
I need capital to publish my book in paperback form but first I have to hire a company to professionally proofread, and edit it.
Eating Pavement on Old Route 66 in a 68 Chevy Caprice. Exploring the Mother Road from its towns, people, and tourist attractions
Inner freedom is not only our most attractive feature, but the highest quality (or value) we can have for ourselves & those we love.
Just because you're a Mommy doesn't mean you have to sacrifice you're style. A guide to not losing your sense of style while parenting.
Creating a guide book dedicated to discovering, mapping and photographing Oregon's free campgrounds
Support the publication of a memoir by Brandon Straun, chronicling his incarceration in Kansas from the ages of 10 to 15 years old.
Alongside each off us is a story being written, and we hold the capacity to deeply affect one another through our interactions.
What are our civil rights? What does the constitution say about how our government spends money today, or shipping our jobs overseas?
Fitness for EVERY pregnant woman.
We are in the midst of an economic conflict of visions. Over a range of vital issues, MEF strongly makes the case for economic freedom.
A Handbook of Traditional Agricultural Practices
Highly visual, informative and interesting. Free publication promoting and showcasing the best of the Royal Deeside area.
Trail And Ultra Running (TAUR) will be publishing a book with user stories and photos from the community.
Empowering Small Businesses to Brand for SUCCESS! An ebook guide to help best promote your business on a budget
The Good, the Bad, the Fixable– An Insider's View on the Federal Reserve
Three years of Couchsurfing, over 400 people hosted, many lives changed, saved a life, lost a life and had so many adventures.
This book is a series of letters from a Daddy to a daughter about life, love, and the pursuit of happiness.
Help me find the hidden stories behind the Lincoln assassination and John Wilkes Booth's mysterious "death."
Publish a book with 15 stories of jPod students on how they designed their own education based on Appreciative Inquiry.
Adopt a marijuana plant and take direct action to support socially responsible marijuana.
This is the true story of how an accomplished woman who had it all lost nearly everything because of a violent man she dated.
A recollection of the President's Commission on the Holocaust, the US Holocaust Memorial Council and creation of the Holocaust Museum.
Comically realistic perspective of dealing with blindness, unlimited creativity and dreams
A child escapes from a Cambodian refugee death camp in search for her father.
1 gym, over 80 ppv fighters, 14 champions. Miletich Fighting Systems: the First Family of MMA Book Endorsed by Pat Miletich.
Playboy Bunny fuels the American Feminist Revolution with the First Ever Presentation of Guys Stripping for Gals at the Sugar Shack
Inspired by true events, An ARDENT ADVENTURE, showing us that there are things in life worth fighting for - OUR DESTINY is one of them!
Support the Go Natural English BOOK - successful strategies & practical phrases for fluency in the English language all in one resource
One family's obsession with sloth and greed became my living hell.  It would be funny if it were not true.
A collaborative investigation into our inner thoughts about the individual's role in the great scheme of things
"There are seven billion people on this earth, all with 7 billion possibilities. Everyone copes and has their "vices" what's yours?"
This book addresses CD Pipeline choke points that plague the Software Tech Industry, and illustrates technical recipes as solutions.
Need help to promote and produce a book that will make a historical photo be authenticated and be able to take its place in history.
A short but helpful guide to effectively testing and benchmarking JavaScript performance using jsPerf.com and Benchmark.js.
Gathering (from Europe & the U.S.) info to complete a non-fiction book reflecting the true life of former KGB spy Gergor Best.
This project is a life account of my every day battle with anxity, The blackness I call the loom.
A new adult and childrens colouring book. Hand drawn illustrations with an English countryside theme.
A love story - a combat journal - a family's struggle - like a novel - raises awareness - and it's only the beginning...
Nuggets of Gold is motivation for the man or woman on the go!
If Einstein was a patent clerk that formulated E=mc2, who's to say I can't prove Religion and Science prove one another?
This book is my story and teaching. It will help people discover the original design for pregnancy and childbirth.
Handcrafted book with 50 years of Soling history.
Put down the razor, pick up this book and let it be your bible!! Don't just help create a cool book but help support a great cause.
Writing about America's least talked about form of travel (Greyhound Bus) and the trials that 1 comes across while riding. 
Documenting the parish and community history of a hundred years  in an analytical, pictorial, regional and historical context.
Our travel guide profiles 100 of the best hotels, resorts, inns and B&B's in America, each with something extraordinary about it.
Exploring the intricate overlap of art and science in the South Indian classical dance form Bharatanatyam
A Book challenging you to examine what you've been taught about Jesus, salvation, sin, righteousness and eternal life.
This book is a tongue in cheek look at the various ways average Americans have tried to make money without actually working.
How to craft and deliver stories that hold audiences in rapt attention, earn their trust and compel them to take ACTION on your message
A powerful and inspirational new book describing my Mother's survival  through illness and the Social Security Disability process.
Cats & Dogs: TOTO is a fun, humorous & informative chronicle of cats & dogs in our culture & hrts. We need ur help to mke it happen!
GRIPPING, UNBOUND & STRIKINGLY RESPLENDENT SYNTHESIS BUILT REMEDY INEQUITY.  IT'S TIME TO EQUALIZE OPPORTUNITY. VALUATION DEFINED.
Our project will re-energise Limerick thro' its River communities. Oral History is vital. First results are amazing. We must do more.
A slection of the best rants on the subjects we all care about. All sourced from the world of social media.
A book about faith, "fog" and everyday life.
Imagine metaphor as fuel for the journey, food for thought, feast for souls. MrsMetaphor is an excellent word chef & you are hungry.
It's an African American philosophy, and history book. All the positive things blacks contributed to this country  is in my book.
I offer keen insight into the plight of the "hidden homeless" - families with children - and how government policies have failed them.
Book consisting of many things most Humans do not know about the reality they exist in.
“Meeting you was fate, becoming your friend was a choice, but falling in love with you I had no control over.”
A real-life account of a gang-banger's journey thru life and the pain and strife it caused his mother.
A memoir of / guide to a life of I'll-figure-it-out in Europe.
I'm cooking, photographing & editing a cookbook for my 3 kids. 10 copies will cost me $400!! Ouch. 20 recipes include the 123 Cookie.
A textbook students can play with: making the abstract concepts of the typical Language Arts classroom accessible- literally!
Improve your presentation and transform your Sunday sermon into a highly effective piece of public speaking.
Vote For Change Redux 2-Year Calendar features memorable photos & quotes of our favorite celebrities alongside Changes made by Obama.
A heart attack survivor's first novel, it is in the true crime genre. Covers many shocking stories including the Alicia Ross story...
An immigration story. Coming to the U.S. as an undocumented immigrant and becoming a Software Engineer and U.S. Citizen.
An innkeeper's tale of running a bed & breakfast, with entertaining stories of guests he "slept with," from astronauts to Oprah.
What is a woman? How is a woman defined, and what does that mean? The Woman Project aims to document women's voices and experiences.
In depth encounters from one of the world most Elite Soldiers who's story will bring the extreme reality of what they do for freedom!
Basada en hechos reales. La historia de una mujer maltratada junto a sus hijos y la lucha por recuperar su vida y la de su niña pequeña
U.S. Immigration: A Self-Help  Guide to Deportation & Asylum provides valuable legal information and general support for non-citizens.
I'm seeking funding to have my autobiography published. It deals with being a Christian who overcame mental illness by the power of God
As I watched my father die, and knew there were stories we'd never share, I decided to record my story to share with the world.
Saint Charbel Makhluf  May 8, 1828 – Dec 24, 1898 an investigative historical and photographic publication ebook for the thankful
I am currently completing my latest book:  Writing Creatively.  This book is a compilation of the Creative Writing courses I teach.
Children Carrying The Sky is coming of age novel based in Jamaica, it embodies the spirit, energy, politics, and life of the island.
My book explains how Libertarianism harms justice and equality, how it supports the 1%, and the true purpose of the American system.
A book about America's Greatest Search for Amelia Earhart, based upon 7 first person accounts, US Navy records, photos & charts.
My story of how I no longer live in fear. How I broke away from the abuse, and how I hope my story will inspire others to do the same.
The project for people who want more out of life but can't manage the time. Preorder on this website today before it is too late!!
In reality "Marriage is NOT a Happily Ever After", so what? create YOUR HAPPY FRAME and live life fully on your terms and be Happy
The untold story of America's third parties has finally been written - it only needs you to be published!
An interactive print magazine for kids. Launch free App on tablet, hold over print page to trigger video content. Helping kids learn!
The fastest way to get started in 3D printing, via an eBook and video tutorial series on 3D CAD from professional designers.
The PT Matrix is a eBook which educates about business thinking and then facilitates skills development in a practical and hands on way
Rethinking how we research neighborhoods
Heroes come in all shapes and sizes, & from every culture known to man. In "What Are The Odds" Carole is our hero.
A practical life experience of a poor African kid who, after losing his father at 7, recreated his world through academic excellence.
Black Tar is an auto-biographical look at the use of black tar heroin and the toll it takes on the addict and his surroundings.
I am authoring a new law book on human rights and I need startup funds to launch this project.
Defining strong with each passing day.

A heartfelt story of a Soldier who suffered PTSD from watching her former husband pass.
Rewrite an award Winning PHD as a book, on Vocal Intelligence - the ability to influence your audience in High-Stakes Engagements.
It proves GOD
These are some humorous notes about my personal experience and impressions while trying to find THE ONE.  Looking for investment in it.
While raising our children to fulfill their purpose God uses them to raise us to be purpose parents.
I found the doctors diary hidden in the back of a museum. The story inside was so extraordinary I had to write a book about it.
An exploration and analysis on the evolution of the college degree in America, and the stigma that comes with not having one.
Bridges are history of modern society, art of the past and our interpretation of life.
Satanist,liar,con artist,criminal. How a man uses a dark past to lift others out of theirs. A true story of second chances.
Heretics Institute Productions is e-book publishing and community building for the Heretics Lineage
What does the Book of Mormon teach about the nature of God? And is this Heavenly Father really worthy of our worship?
Help me guide aspiring authors on their quest to being published through a series of podcasts.
My life struggles are hilarious, but inspirational, a comedic true story of how to laugh and keep moving no matter the obstacles
A 5th generation Capay Valley girl, I am creating and publishing a book of the history, pictures and stories of this amazing valley.
I am creating a book on the sights, sounds and geology of 4Nature Preserves managed by ACRES Land Trust in Northeast Indiana.
More than a book, this is a unique set of wisdom, techniques and tools that work, based on the teachings from over 30,000 kids.
The world's first guide series dedicated to the relocation process
A book about finding the funny, hysterical, scenes and situations in everyday life.
I'm writing a book about the search for meaning in the post-religious age. I found it in some unexpected places.
The book covers 100 controversial topics. The first 50 chapters are about politics in America. The second 50 are about America'sculture
A pocket book series of real wisdom that actually works. For your own miracle - mother to mother. Start well, end well, enjoy the ride
This is a book about a life story, the life of a well raised ,educated person, there will likely be an arrest upon publication of book
A FREE conceptual, technical and legal manual detailing 39 steps to achieve your film without funding.
This book tells you how you can create ongoing Royalties on sales that others make, just by finding the products. Contracts included.
A spiritual lesson on the joy, love, and spirtiual strength that can be a part of living and loving through the journey of Alzheimer's.
This publication will serve as knowledge and Information on all cyber security breaches for the published year every year.
This is a book about emerging technologies, the philosophy of mind, and personal identity in human nature.
‘The Naked Truth’ is about women and cancer.
Thirty women, their stories and their portraits are the basis of this book.
To help the novice to produce gourmet and Home cooking. I have to research and experiment recipes so I need to do my test kitchen!
The story of homelessness told through both the stories of those that know it best, and photos of life as a rough sleeper.
My Name is Legion is a book of essays by Theistic Satanists, Daemonolaters, and others who practice "dark" pagan-based paths.
‘Damaged Soul’ is an account of the devastating beginning of a woman's life.  Look for an exclusive offer in the rewards.
Destined to be a keepsake of written historical recipes, remedies, antidotes and photos from  1840's rendezvous reenactors.
The true story of an American doing the impossible and surviving to help bring America to its highest potential.
If someone calls you and hangs up before you answer, what do you do? This book explains the proper etiquette in almost any situation.
Stem cell healing is here, but the FDA bans all treatments in the US. This book will follow MS patients going to the Panama clinic.
MMA Fighter "Mr. Unbreakable" - Not just for men. It's a true story, and is at times as tender as it is tough, as it is heartbreaking.
The sustainability prospects for cities, towns and villages, according to the knowledge and experience we have access to today.
HEALING TOMORROW - A former Peace Corps volunteer offers a fresh approach for US Healthcare and global warming - & progress in general
Shucks! Slow down there, Yankee Doodle! Smell the Red roses; Enjoy the Blue skies; Rejoice to the White in All of Mankinds' eyes.
My Mother walked 14 days in the valley of the shadow of death with a mother bear and her cubs, lost in Oregons Wallowa Mountains.
KOTE publiserer tekster på nett, og gir ut temabaserte tidsskrift som diskuterer arkitektur, urbanisme, planlegging og landskap.
A book which looks at people whose beliefs and attitudes are contrary to the mainstream, or challenge the norms of society.
These stories span 60 years of my life. They start with my death at 5 years old and continue to present day. Obviously I survived.
Behind the Touchdown is a book about the technology, people and money that make football the game and industry as we see it today.
I need your help to prevent Scotland Yard using BOGUS national security concerns to conceal issues & thwart my memoir's publication.
Celebrities & kids bonding in the kitchen, promoting the importance of family time, while making healthy and fun foods in moderation.
Everyday democracy needs an upgrade. DEMOCRACY 2.0 is the K.I.S.S. alternative to Robert’s Rules of Order.
The Second Corps of Discovery: 1811 Journal of the Jackson and Clark Expeditionary Force
A book & documentary film on whales, the ocean ecosystem and global warming in 11 world locations visited by the Pequod in "Moby-Dick."
Think Green considers our impact toward the major areas of life - Global Society, Energy, Economy, Water, Food, Shelter and Wildlife.
A beautiful, young woman discovers real love as she learns to accept herself after losing all her hair due to a rare disease.
An autobiographical guidebook for single dads everywhere.  I've been a single dad for over 12 years, a growing trend today.
Top journalist reveals that many of medicine's most hyped surgeries, drugs and other treatments offer little benefit...or worse.
Boston conference with Cuba experts offering information on Cuban art, culture and legal travel to Cuba.
Preserving History, with Genealogy Records of old Booklets(1800s) of Maine Towns & People to digital & CDs, for genealogical research.
The family of Jesus Christ proposes an historically-proven plan to defeat the New World Order and save the world.
A book exploring magic, mystery entertainment and performance on the road and its place in community and sharing.
Creativity is one of the most sought after skills in the developed world.We all have creativity in our DNA, this book will awaken yours
I plan to gather, preserve, and publish the many stories of Latina and Latino immigrants in Alabama before these stories are lost.
This is not a love story, it's a true story. I thought I had life figured out until one day I met this girl and everything changed...
This youth project and book are designed to impact our youth culture for positive change.
I want to write a book about the effects of living with a parent who served in Iraq and living with PTSD And Severe Anxiety.
I've written the book covering 25 topics. I urgently need some cash to get it proof read, formatted and for the artwork.
To link the evolution of Kent's villages to the events around them, illustrating the journey from forest clearing to the present day.
Please help me publish this memoir about my search for faith by supporting this project.
Biblical Texts were written using a structured yet creative formula. Book Two involves presenting more of the Bible as parables.
A dream that push me to self publish my own book.Wish to show my mum but too late, she left us.Hope to show my dad my book soon.
We are looking to create a programming manual for children aged 11-16 to help inspire young people to take up programming.
Those About To Cook: recipes, and food anecdotes and pictures from musicians and music industry personnel from around the globe.
This project examines experiences, hopes, dreams, etc. of people (like you!) at different ages.
Telling the story of those who forsook everything to find their "Pot of Gold" -- but never struck it rich.
I'd like to provide a reasonably priced guide that gives readers access to what they need to know to visit Anguilla on a budget.
We are developing a database that will provide the historical significance of variouls US landmarks across the country into a database.
Writing in my own unique way. Full of quirky tales of self-indulgence, an alcoholic on an hysterical binge. A must read to be imagined!
This book is very interesting. It is dealing with the cause of bullying, the social implications and its global impact.
How do you continue to improve, without avid study? Relying on leadership through practice alone will yield a poor harvest.
Cape Ann Granite - Labor, Utility and Art.
I seek funds in order to pay for the printing of my completed  memoir of the 50s to 80s about surveying, logging, hunting and fishing.
Book for new ww2 German reenactors about gear, uniforms, and the hobby in general. Fully illustrated with a guide to units as well.
Caffeine's a fickle drug: One size does not fit all. More isn't always better. Here's what happens when you flip the caffeine switch.
 Taken from actual interviews "A Woman's War Cry" tells not only of the heartbreaks but the strength and spirituality of Native women.
Recipes so easy you will be cooking like a professional chef in no time.
I am writing Book One of a non-fiction trilogy about a war and it's aftermath through the eyes of an accidental fire chief in Sarajevo.
An expanded edition of the book Monkee Music, incorporating new pieces on Good Times!, The Point, Davy's first solo album, and more
I'm writing a memoir/ travel guide based on the two years I worked in Brazil.
My dream is to publish my real story of how running has changed my life, as a mother dealing with anxiety& depression.
Can random kindness help in tough times? I hope to find out by performing 100 separate kind acts, then publishing a book documenting the experiment.
Following in the footsteps of Eleanor Roosevelt, Patt's story is one of the recommitment of a nation to its founding principles
A collection of stories of real individuals, in real life situations that will have the reader thinking twice before judging them
We will research, photograph and write about our travel experiences with middle school students, creating a travel guide book.
A study to restart the historic Atlantic Ave tunnel tours, and build a modern streetcar line connecting Red Hook with downtown Brooklyn
A fun guide that will take you on a helpful journey through my experiences as a diabetic. Rewards include guide, recipes, and a kindle.
A neurotic,addicted,orphanage-raised natural disaster searches for meaning in life,though she'll settle for attention and a few laughs.
An inspirational and motivation fable that will benefit anyone that truly desires to fulfill their destiny and capture their dream. 
Based on a series of dreams and visions, this book reveals the heart of God in regards to the church and exposes the lies of Satan!
I am a Dad is a book+web+social+live journey to interview the most amazing dads on the planet.
Hollywood STUNTWOMAN! performed on Matrix Reloaded (Jada Pinkett Smith), Nutty Professor - Klumps (Janet Jackson), Collateral etc.
A social networking memoir about people and their online feelings towards homosexuality
We will drive across Asia following the ancient Silk Road in a Volkswagen bus, and then document the adventure in a book
Desperate is a study guide arranged in a  thematic assemblage of Bible pages detailing pivotal themes of the life of the believer.
Having a terminal illness hasn't gotten Henry down.  His inspiring story will help other families dealing with these hurdles.
"The Train Ride" is a story about two college aged friends who jump a train as a bucket list item and wind up 187 miles from home.
A book to stop the use of mercury in local gold mining by teaching the clean borax alternative to gold miners in Peru.
If and when revolution comes here to the U.S., what will it look like? Here's a guide for the revolutionaries of the future.
Live looping has become a very popular form of solo performance, yet no one's written a book on the subject. Until now..
The story of the breakdown of Donetsk's Jewish community and the use of anti-Semitism as a propaganda weapon in Ukraine
An in-depth look at the lives of children irrevocably impacted by immersion in the Family Court system from infancy.
Running for Dogs is a comprehensive, but fun and easy to follow guide to running with dogs.
Adventures Underwater - Exploring the 75% of our planet that lies under water.
A Book series that will give you great commentary, interesting statistics, cool trivia and talking points about 50 different subjects
The story of the 99 percent of the time the public never sees about life in the combat zone.
we learned the basic technique to run haphazardly as a baby. We shifted our weight and hopped to our parents' arms. Learn the balance for all speeds.
Dean Omite and myself are ready to publish the newest issues of our zines and we wish to print additional copies of back issues.
Book release and seminar tour teaching how to use the Law of Attraction correctly to manifest your desire from unity consciousness.
Designed to bring the moderates from both parties together, and marginalize the extremists on each side.
Putting Bible Verses in the context of today's view of God and the Universe for people to apply to daily life.
A real-life horror story of a teen thrust into a life he never asked for and how he came out of it in a positive way.
BASED ON TRUE EVENTS - Help us tell the world the incredible unknown story of what our Navy did for us on 9/11. 217 pages.
Publish my book and make it where people can submit crazy stories and have them published without having to write a novel.
Everything you've ever wanted to know about Wings! All their songs, all their albums, every tour and other bits of trivia!
Prison, poker, politics & the pop in the housing bubble. An intriguing look at life behind bars and the indomitable human spirit.
This book celebrates the moment when two people officially decide to embark upon the journey of life together forever, from both sides.
The 100 books that make up the Heart & Soul of 20th Century Science Fiction.
The drums of war once again are heard beating in the distance, I want to share my basic training experience  with all interested
The most informative survivalist handbook of all time
Book about the Life and Times of Swansea, Mass. Sea Captain Aaron H. Wood and his Wife Isabel Based on his Journals and their Letters.
Untold stories and life of my father who was Bob Dylan's friend, confidant and tour manager over a 40 year span.
A book about British produced Gin, from its dark history in London, a look at the latest Gins on sale, a collection of 52 Gin cocktails
Learn about the History & Role the American Saddlebred had in Michigan. Learn about Joe Louis and his Farm and Saddlebreds!
Hindu and Christian believers can talk about God together.  This project will create scriptural guideline for these conversations.
A Global Experiential Documentary above and below the Sea on Energy, Electricity, Resources, Carbon, Conservation & Consumption
Why should I read this book?  Well, there’s humor, more humor, reality and a dash of coaching in here.  It's a manual for dating!
A book to help create special celebrations for holidays & milestones and establish traditions that make “ordinary” days extraordinary!
A compendium of true stories, from the author AND backers, about love and desire lost.. funny, heart breaking, personal...
Funny, sad, uplifting, head-scratching, and just plain crazy stories from a notebook journal I kept in my first years of teaching.
The ultimate self-help guide for the indie author!
An age old war wages all around and within us.  A step-by-step battle plan to winning the war and Breaking the Chains of bondage...
"Never Give Up" describes fundraising techniques and models to help emerging and mid-career professional artists support their work.
Writing Creatively is a simple guide to improve your writing skills. WC is full of tips, hints and exercises to hone your skills.
Dream of an EV, but the budget says "used Civic?" Build your own! Is it even possible to live with such a vehicle? Let's find out!
A true story of two months in Tokyo feeling completely alone while dealing with the angry mother and older sister of my ex girlfriend
My lessons were hard to learn. I offer them, a thread like Areadne's, so others may find their way out of the labyrinth of addiction.
My first Christian book, "MORE THAN SONGS" encourages believers to understand the biblical meaning of WORSHIP.
Con la finalidad de promover e incentivar a la comunidad de inmigrantes latinoamericanos a participar al voto a nivel mundial.
30 TICKETS TO PARADISE is the inspiring true story of a young man's life-changing journey to every ballpark in baseball.
Have you ever wished you could be part of history which will be remembered for years to come?
An unparalleled testament of literature featuring advice, fairy-tales and personality cradled in the bindings of a book.
50 Recipes I Can Cook With My Son and 50 Recipes I Can Cook With My Daughter. There's more to being a Dad than backyard baseball.
There is nothing funny about caring for a loved one with Alzheimer's disease or other forms of dementia.  OR IS THERE?
Collection of stories about young entrepreneurs, 35 and under, who are building businesses and creating opportunity in West Africa.
We're Harvard Law School and Teach For America folks writing free, Creative Commons explanations to help everyone prepare for the LSAT.
An eBook of over 30 letters from daughters to their dads helping explain Dad's role in her life from HER point of view.
True riches to rags story, in todays financial crisis couple lose it all only to find a truly happy life written to give hope to others
In 2014 two genealogists tracked the American Ogdens to Bingley Yorkshire. Are Ogdens descended from the Okedons? Who were the Okedons?
This is a series of short essays which teach life lessons in overcoming difficulties during the times in which we live.
Founding Partners is a collection of biographies of the men on the mastheads of America's most storied and prestigious law firms.
The Middle East humanitarian crisis is epidemic.This project will identify those regions and peoples who have been most victimized.
I am creating a book tour to teach & share with women the habits & tools that have helped me Transform Heartbreak into Heartpower
Das Buch "Ich mach mir mein Geld, wie es mir gefällt" wird ins Griechische übersetzt und gratis in Athen verteilt: lesen & helfen!
A book documenting the incredible events that have made New York City the center of our universe.
In her story of love, lust, molestation, incest, and guilt of secrets, she gives you a look into the intensity of a victim's victory.
School reformers are flushing education down the drain.  Here's how they do it, and here's how we can stop them.
A unique guide to loving a modern woman, including real-life stories, and lively illustrations. You'll experience aha-moment for sure!
A one-man crusade to vist and profile America's oldest restaurants, helping to preserve them and recognize their value to America's culinary culture.
We're publishing a limited - 1000 6x9 hard-covers - autographed first edition of Robert F. Beaudine's first novel.
Birth, death, marriages, divorces. These are but a few of life's transitions. I want to share how fine cigars have helped me live.
It's my life story and a good one. This book explains the up's and downs of bipolar disorder. Also how to live and be healthy.
A book exposing my experience in trying to promote an idea that could help fund the next eco revolution.
The Guitar  Instruction Manual is intended to be a comprehensive reference, it may be used to learn both performance and music theory.
Thousands of men go to prison unprepared every year. Survival is the goal.  My story will help you get ready and teach you the skills.
A story of how forgiveness changed my life and its impact on the parents of my victim, who petitioned for my release from prison.
Greetings, My project is to take my already self-published book and revise it and make it more competitive with bigger name books.
This project is a look at banned and controversial films i.e. Mondo movies, real death footage, and cinema that steps on social norms
A collection of essays about life as an alien artist-ponderer in the iconic City of Angels.
This is my inspirational autobiography of going through the storms and darkness in life to see a circle of full spiritual balance.
Visit www.scomartin.com for details. Contributors options of $1, $2, and $5 are warmly accepted.
The 60-year odyssey of a "blue baby." A Pacific Northwest tale of technology, perseverance and love.
We want to write the first COMPLETE care guide for dobermans and establish an online community where doberman owners can collaborate.
The story of a group of young men who find that after 20 years they are still profoundly affected by their JV football season.
I'll be retracing, on foot, The Long Walk-the tragic removal of the Navajo from Arizona to Bosque Redondo (Hweeldi) in NM (535 miles).
Living life to the fullest FREE from "frien-emies" that I allowed to take me captive by their thoughts and opinions of me.
Do-It-Yourself Screenprinting is one-of-a-kind and the fact that it is out of print is HEARTBREAKING. Let's make a reprint happen!
Comedic book about growing up gay in a Catholic family of six and surviving my teenage years
A European vacation would be more fun if you knew exactly where to go and where to find them.
Please come and join the fun!
Comprehensive look at how, deregulation in a free market society, creates the potential for destruction; equal to that of a W. M. D.
Illustrated guide of Jacksonville Beach and surrounding communities assisting visitors navigating the areas distinct barrier islands.
2,500 Yr Old 'Spirit of of Daniel' Reveals 666 Antichrist-4 horses Apocalypse, Iraq War, OT Prophecy, REVELATION Into Current Events
Explore the paranormal realms of insanity and the Biblical 'Last Days' with two books. One Biography / One Prophesy Study ...
The British School of Millinery founder/expert, embarks on launching her first book on the techniques of Bridal Tiaras
A book to help those on an Earth-Based path and help the curious to better understand what Wicca is.
Understanding personality through the interpretation of tree drawings.  

What does a tree sketch say about you?
Professional letter-writing service. No-hassle 48-hour turnaround. Three types: personal, professional and before you get a lawyer.
50 Shades has nothing on my life! 10 chapters! 10 true stories! From entering the mile high club to hardcore S&M I will tell it all!
RENEW embraces writers seeking to self-publish. Our next project? Widowspeak, an honest-as-possible story of grief and joy.
A collection of stories & how-to's on blogging by some of today's hottest bloggers. Targeting those looking to start or grow a blog.
After the success of the book Master Dressage, I am creating 3 sets of videos and books to help riders develop the basics of dressage
Wanted: handwritten letters, of closure, on love, loss, joy and sorrow, to be made into a book to read, share, enjoy and connect with.
Pictures and testimonies of family members left behind by a loved one's suicide.
Need funding to self publish my book (a short run of about 75 copies). A labor of love born out of my lifelong collecting hobby.
A book about abuse and how to remove one's self from an abusive situation.
Nonfiction narrative literature reflecting a journey through an abusive marriage and the inept and uncaring justice system.
This is a book about PERSONAL ENERGY and how to keep it! 
Learn to protect yourself from people who would take it from you.
I want to travel the state of Kentucky, particularly the Appalachian region, and document ghost sightings and paranormal activity.
A story told through the eyes of a 3yr old as she grows up with George Harrison, Keith Richards, Mick Jaggar, Eric Clapton & more....
Ebook series of 28 volumes, covering the complete history of the Olympic Games - Ancient to most recent games.
I am developing a guide to learning conversational English for children in grades 1 to 8 in China, Thailand, Vietnam, Korea, Japan
Sketching for engineers.  Tools and techniques for communicating engineering design through sketching.
A compelling story of my journey with God to receive His 72 messages for the world, each displayed on a photo background.
In January, my first book was published by my dream publisher, W.W. Norton. Help send me on a tour of indy bookstores to promote it!
The adventure, mystery, intregue  of life at a lodge in Alaska -  then there is the sub culture that runs the area and people
Educational publication on Overtone Singing with exercises designed to help people learn this amazing art in an easy step by step way.
"We Are Not Hoodlums" is a daily devotional that allows the reader to learn alongside the author; it's "we" instead of "you".
Everyone should make one of these.
An inside look at what goes on behind the counter and on the other end of the line for the people who help you get what you want.
This book profiles the 100 coolest Jews, which will provide a source of entertainment and debate among Jews and non-Jews alike.
Easy to understand manual of data mining for normal people
The Writer’s Sidekick are fill-in-the-blanks Notebooks to guide and help you write and publish your non-fiction, fiction or memoirs.
Prostitution, Drugs, Guns and Murder. All true stories from the underworld. The other side of Austin Texas. Saga #1 "Alejandra"
God or no god? Is there or isn't there? A real-world guide to atheism done by 14 year old Will.
Course packet used for our adult high school program that documents the social history of African Americans from 1400s to the present
Mary & Jane will help you infuse your next party with that "special something" and create delicious treats that your guests will adore!
Memoir in which the author shares how she was able to turn her life around despite of suffering from depression and suicidal tendencies
Can this worthy book on how to get ordinary people to do extraordinary things be self-published and become a Sunday Times best-seller?
How the best hospitals and medical centers in the US achieve world-class performance -- and what the rest can learn from them.
We are initiating a study on how to minimize stress at the intracardiac catheter lab, for both the patient and the clinic staff.
I get the following EVERYDAY, "You never married?  Why not?  Did you want to?  I'm so sorry. What about children?"  WHAT ABOUT THEM?
"If one more millionaire philosopher tells me that I can get rich if I attend his or her weekend $5,000 seminar, I am going to burst!"
Raw, touching and funny:True story of redemption for an alcoholic who meets a talk show host and gets lessons on recovery...and farming
The Angel Collections is a 'pay it forward' project.  I want true stories about finding purpose, it pays you back!
Regional Musician is a FREE digital magazine written about and for the 99% of musicians who are trying to be seen and heard!
This is a daughters journey through her father's cancer... to help in healing & supporting others. 

A selection of stories.
The book takes place over a ten year span of travel and is a collection of stories from various people in those countries.
No belle should be confused on a football game day! Donate today to secure your copy of the NEW 2nd edition of Gridiron Belles!
Does it ever seem like he loves the puppy more than he loves the wife.
A humorous look at that question,  benefiting animal rescue
This book is about the internet helmet cam phenom who drew fire to save his fellow soldiers.  His background, struggles and his life
Book: The 7 Principles to Selling Like Leonardo - How to use art and science to sell like the most brilliant mind in history.
Check out our new book project, Droning the Country - The Narratives and Impact of Drone Strikes in Pakistan with a unique Database
A do-it-yourself guide for every homeowner on how to handle nuisance wildlife with responsible wildlife control techniques.
Join me on a 
journey back in time as I take you all the way back to 1909 to the beginning of the Longview (TX) High School football
Packed with protein and fiber, lentils are incredibly versatile in the kitchen. This cookbook showcases lentil power in the kitchen.
Stow your luggage, buckle your seatbelt, its a bumpy ride.  Travel inside the mind of a Flight Attendant...
Amazing stories of nautical archeaology...and rare boat "finds." Including the exclusive stories of the On Golden Pond boats!
Exploring the culture, history, and development of Nordrhein-Westfalia's largest metropolitan area.
What If........What if you were told you have one day left to live? What would you do  with the last 24 hours of your life?
I tell you from my experience of Self Publishing over 500 different titles and genres on over 14 Platforms like Kindle, B&N, and more.
A history of corruption in the City of Philadelphia.
Help get this "out there" book out there! 300 pages of crazy but real letters to heads of state, Honda motors, and sex change clinics.
Two books, 1 published, 1 not yet, need funding to publish the 2nd & funds to promote through ads in newspaper book review sections.
Bara Bromma. En ny bok om trädgårdsstaden, dess bakgrund, nutid och framtid. En hundraårig kulturmiljö med omistliga värden.
Family of 3, Living on the ocean what its like? what happens? Writing a book about our sailing adventures around the world.
The PPFHOF is seeking donations to help support operating costs. Steelers fans unite and help immortalize your favorite players!
This project offers a comprehensive approach for acquiring Total Wellness.
Coaching tool for parents to ease the process of teaching their teens how to drive as well as offering them helpful current tips.
Legendary Blues recording star, how he raised his children, his home life and his struggles in the Music Industry this is my story.
Writing project to share ideas about:The purpose of life,Human advancement,Science,Music,Education,Drugs,Politcal Parties etc
Not just a list, a comprehensive guide to creating the perfect wedding - and honeymoon! No need for an expensive wedding planner!
A popular science book describing the physics of space, time and causality for general readers.
"What would you do, if one decision changed everything?"
The book was successfully sold at major national books stores. 
It is now time to conduct new research to update the book
History is the study of change. The process of American and World History boils down to the classic struggle between good and evil.
Audio book for Software  Developers and Testers. The book will cover fundamental topics of software development.
These simple and random writings contain numerous inconsistencies and inaccuracies, and yet to somehow contain a sense of the profound.
A groundbreaking personal narrative about homelessness and the American 'safety net' by a published author who has actually lived it.
one than one person take in life time in just 39 years
Pre-order the new e-book version of "Insanity: A Love Story" by Melissa Miles McCarter from Fat Daddy's Farm Press, due out March 25
My family and I took a trip around the world in Missouri and need your help to self-publish a book about the journey.
A practical book about how faith can unleash your creativity in a world where nothing is new.
News, Information, Community, Resources, Recruiting Station & Organizing Hub for the Political Revolution.
Discovering the truth is not bliss. I am writing a book about my experience with the government after discovering new spying ways.
The adventure in Afghanistan isn't over, it's just beginning.
A memoir of a rogue Army Captain who, in order to win in Iraq and save lives, sacrificed it all…and lost everything in the process.
A sharing of my stock investment experience from my insights of the Art of War (by Sun Tze)
We all have struggled with Art block, even though we don't know what it is. Well here it is in black and white.
An ebook series on the psychology of travel woven thru the best travel tales told to me by 1,500 world travelers and adventurers over three decades.
This is my story about loving an addict. I hope you learn that there is a way to save yourself even if you can't save your loved one.
How to bring class back to a world where men have lost manners, courtesy, and character. This book will restore being a gentleman.
Book that cures "I'm bored," syndrome and Arewethereyetitis of traveling with kids - org by topic, location, interests, price and age!
a new type of auto-bio. The book is written as a preteen scrapbook journal (I found the graphic novel approach had too many rules)
This book tells the history of the modern Olympics through the things it designs and makes: from its mascots to its stadia.
I will be telling the stories of people who have survived a failed suicide attempt and found life, purpose, and love on the otherside.
If you get hit by a terrible, life changing & progressive  disease with no cure, what would you do?
This is the story of how I ran for Congress & lost. How bad? Last place. 5th out of 5. Learn how NOT to run for national office.
Complete guide to help you save money, get the best value and come back in one piece from your vacation.
A documentary tour of Anchorage's trails; discovering who built wood shelters on the trails & meeting the homeless who live in them.
Extreme Christian Musicians, they look and sound the same, but they are bringing a message of hope, faith, love and redemption to fans of the genre.  
A book honoring older minority men. A "thank you" for granting me opportunities that may have remained out of view for them.
My Kickstarter goal is to raise 900 dollars to be able to attend a pilgrimage to Medjugorje and write a book about my journey of faith.
90 Percent:  A Memoir of My Demise and Rise, is written in southern vernacular. A historical novel similar to books by Stephen Carter.
This book is about the realistic expectations that relationships will need to endure in order to survive.
23 Roots, the history behind the first 23 pairs of air jordan sneakers
Every person enjoys seeing what a town looked like 100 years ago, and what it looks like now. The two views side by side is what this book captures.
An elderly Norwegian female writer and journalist has published a book about her friend for ten years, a young pen pal on death row,
One year of exploring the world, following a dream, and becoming fully alive...and sharing the experience through words and photographs
Bandit's Run is a true story of hope, faith and not giving up with others told us we should.
Charlotte, NC, is once again one of the fastest-growing cities in the U.S. Read about what's "new" in my 2013 update!
Trying to self publish, and cover the cost of printing, shipping and worldwide distribution. I want to share this book with the world!
What's it really like to live in the fastest growing country in the world? A resident’s view that you don’t get in the newspapers...
A philosophical enquiry into, and a proof of, god.
The Traveler's Ultimate Guide to Postcard Worthy Locations
Interviews with narrative, documentary and commercial filmmakers as well as composers who focus on crafting amazing soundtracks.
A bridge between the past and present which will awaken your spirit and inspire you to live in the moment with more zest and zeal.
I am traveling to Italy to investigate the circumstances of my family's Italian-Jewish history and writing a nonfiction book about it.
This book makes the case that the U.S. Constitution and the 2nd Amendment support gun safety. Help make this project a reality!
Finishing and publishing a memoir of a Russian officer's flight from Tsarist Russia in 1917.
This timely and groundbreaking new book challenges 77 years of teaching, by proving that positive thinking is not the key to change
A balanced look at the pros and cons of vegetarianism, meat diets, and carbohydrates from a spiritual point of view.
A book about the social, economic & personal impact of Domestic Violence & Stalking with inspirational stories from those that got out.
32, single, & on a quest to find "the one". My book details many unique dates, from Tinder, that I encounter on my journey for love.
Kevin Mahoney argues that the Church should embrace same sex marriage, since homophobia is contrary to the spirit of Jesus' teachings.
Achieving truly high performance in any field requires working the Intuitive Mind. Head Games shows you how to do this.
At Home was born out of my love for being at home and my desire to share sustainable ideas related.
How to Write Philosophy: For Kids Only!  is a book that teaches students how to write philosophy using five methods.
Book on the future trends in book, film, and music production and publishing based on current economic climate and technology trends.
As I shared my story with the audience, my purpose was revealed. They were inspired. I must tell my story! It will inspire the world.
What happens when an outcast views the world from the outside in and the paranormal from the inside out? It becomes your "calling"!
Journey of a Gray Ponytail -- a senior citizen takes on life after losing her job. Share her fears, tears, laughter and adventures..
“Heroic” surveys Boston's concrete architecture from 1957 to 1976, a remarkable period of design that transformed the city into the "New Boston."
How unprecedented expansion of student numbers led academics to change from antagonism to support for fundraising to enhance quality.
True instruction in real-world, use-able theory. I want to advertise my book on Google Adwords and Face Book ads.
The second book from James Martinez "Eternus Spirare" is written, with the editor, and we're ready to complete it and go to print.
Intellectual Property may be the most misunderstood phenomena of our age.  Only downloading can help us truly understand.
"Lograr la publicación física de un libro de aforismos mediante los servicios profesionales de una editorial independiente"
Includes my personal story, aspects of addiction never mentioned, and how one can use their addictive personality to benefit them.
She Is Not Related to Him is a nonfiction book that presents the reader with many new ideas about creation, evolution, and life.
Happiness is an inside job
As a U.S. Marine Traveling through Spain, I was implicated and accused of a crime I had no part in.  A true story.
An objective view on the dogmatic nature of humanity and how this bias has served and failed us with a concise look at reality.
Forgiveness...what?? This Bible study through the book of Philemon helps readers solve the puzzle of forgiveness and apply it to life.
The most significant book to ever emerge on skate history, this is the 30-year story of one of its most important, influential maneuvers—the Ollie.
– Innovo Publishing, LLC released a new Christian title, The Tommie Scott Story, written by Tommie Scott. With Jesus, there is always h
Creating a text to disseminate information and reduce stigma for mental illness in a way that everyone can understand
You think the person sitting next to you, jabbing you in the ribs with their elbow, shouldn't be allowed to travel, well...should you?!
Full of fun expressions, characters and cultural cues, the book 'As much as a Rat's Tail' is your invite to the inner circle of Seoul!
This book is written to empower women in the world of dating. Never let a man lower your worth. When he walks away, he was supposed to!
A photo treatise describing and celebrating the pre-Columbian rock art of the Taíno found in limestone caves in the Dominican Republic.
In out of body experiences I had contact with Beings of Light who guided my astral journeys. I chronicled my OBE. I want to publish.
A collection of experiences -ranging from funny to bizarre- that only a newcomer thrown headfirst into a whole new culture could have.
PO Box 1142 is the greatest untold story of World War II about a top secret American military project of heroism and brilliance.
An 8 1/2 x 11 coffee table reprint of the Bible, with a front and back cover to feature anti-theist text mocking religion.
I'm writing a book to share the stories of veterans and families involved in Operation Enduring Freedom after September 11, 2001
After years of experimentation I am passing along the lessons I have learned as well as the instructions to build your own yurt.
This is a book that discusses the nation of Britain, from the eyes of a teenage boy. It is sure to shock, educate and amuse.
A high school level, easy to understand, non-fiction book on how to mathematically price stock and commodity options.
The Full Title Of The Series is: Prophetic Words From The Heart Of The Father For a Nation and a People: In God We Trust: 2012
A recepi book with a difference, incorporating positive mental attitute quotations linked to each recepi. Things my Grandma would say.
Fair Trade is a growing global phenomena with more than $7 billion in annual sales. But is it fair enough?  Help the author find out.
A collection of poems, essays, letters and short stories to be published posthumously for my friend Byler Nuckols.
Time is a measurement that limits our understanding.... of everything?
The world is full of beautiful doors. The stories that happen 'behind closed doors' are often humorous, unbelievable and extraordinary.
20 years a city correction officer, locked away in a seedy world of rampant sex, drug abuse & back-stabbing.that was just the Guards
An Oral History of the Milwaukee Underground Music Scene. Nearly 3 years worth of interviews with people who where part of the scene.
All you need to know about the element of surpregnancy and the aftermath of new additions.
An autobiography about growing up with an alcoholic mom, being bullied, beaten, and other BS from Hell
I'm turning Whole Life Affirmations- becoming the future self you want today, into an audio book! Affirmations for every area of life!
It's wrong if your game face isn't who you are. Inspired Right is a new conversation about coming out from under the mask of wrong.
The book "Always&ForEver, Love" will profile long lasting successful marriages while giving insight into what it takes to make it work.
My goal is to bring Beshert to a wide readership, by having the memoir rewritten by a published author as a historical novel.
Goal: Enough funds to advertise and print 1,000 copies, create free e-books for iOS and Android.
A self esteem program and guidebook to help our teens deal with issues like suicide, depression, bullying, anorexia and violence.
Baby boomers are aging and facing more incidents of having to take care of parents, my fathers Alzheimer's became our journey.
I'm writing a book about surviving a near death auto accident. It chronicles my journey through 3 different hospitals over 7 months.
Collecting and preserving the biographical histories of Missouri's past and present sheriffs.
An interactive Magic Book™ of Leonardo da Vinci's inventions. Original drawings, animated AR models and detailed historical context.
A short eBook (~100 pages) that will challenge your assumptions about website design, development, and deployment.
The world needs a modern religion.  A religion based on science and reason yet touches the human spirit.
A book about entrepreneurship from a quiet person's perspective and how introverts deal with it.
I've created No-Work Spanish audiobooks, the easiest way to learn Spanish, but I need help funding the first production of CD's. 
People have been tapping into the non-rational part of our brains to make paradigm-shifting discoveries. This book will explain how.
"The True Story of a Redheaded Girl who Falls in Love with a French Playboy", a French CL marriage, an attempted murder.
The True Story of the murder of Dorothy Mink & the last 11 years of Michael Mink's life after his mothers vision and last words to him.
Ever thought that doing a motorcycle tour across Southeast Asia would be a great idea? So do we. Help us write a guide for travelers.
Looking for solutions to problems such as pollution, civil war, and sex trafficking? You may be surprised to find the common thread.
STOP Police!   The Ultimate Citizens Guide to Law Enforcement Encounters
Raising funds to publish Walking Man the biography of Colin Fletcher, The Man Who Walked Through Time.
Cleo Vaughn wrote his memoirs into a book before he passed away in the summer of 2010.  I am trying to publish his book. His last wish.
A supportbooklet with a positive message for women with breast cancer. It'll leads step-by-step through the three phases of the process
Help me write UX 101: A Primer on User Experience Design, a book to educate novices and the world on the benefits of UX design!
“Don’t Check Your Bag”  is one part travelogue and one part travel guide for the traveler who wants something other than 5-star resorts
A humorous and real look at what happens in the back room of salons..gossip, nonsense, and the insane crap clients pull everyday!
Becoming the Bride and Warrior of Christ awakens your mind and heart to pursue King Jesus through intimacy with the Great Holy Spirit.
Unemployed and struggling biochemist seeks support to write scholarly book describing unethical biomedical experiments on human beings.
Researching family historical event leading to the ONLY Black man on the Titanic, Have a finished script for Film & Documentry
I wanted to know the truth about creation vs evolution. I learned the latest scientific evidence supports the Bible. Wow!
Finally, a self-help book that doesn't take itself too seriously! Join me on my journal of healing and humor.
Monster Next Door tells the chilling story of the murder of Sellis Gonzales by her ex-boyfriend. Domestic violence can be fatal....
It is so beautiful to dream while you are awake
I am a Breakthrough Couch that specialises in the market of Spiritual Growth and Empowerment. I am looking to transform lives 1 by 1
The story of two MIZZOU television journalists who made 39 trips to Joplin after the devastating tornado that killed 161 people.
A emergency preparedness guide for summer and day camps to help protect campers where ever your camp may be located.
How climate change, through thermodynamics and the Ideal Gas Law of physics, will remove all water and kill all life on Earth by 2100.
The Princess Rules (now in manuscript form) is unquestionably a "relationship" book.  But these 10 very simple Rules actually work.​​​​
The courageous true story of a mother's loss of all four sons to two rare diseases, and the struggle to maintain her faith.
Over 16,000 miles in 9 months, visiting 48 Rescue Missions, gathering stories, pics and pages of our Homeless. ARE YOU IN???
I am writing this book of devotions based on Christian artists music and accompanying videos, when available. I want to include a DVD.
Mounting Sleipnir - Reviving Pre-Christian European Animism (shamanism). Exploring the Indo-European roots of Germanic religion.
This book is a seven year study of my wife Sue Ann; who was inflicted with multiple scoliosis. Aimed at helping future caregivers.
A girls journey from self-mutilation/atheism, to loving herself as a woman/finding spiritual enlightenment. With added poetry & photos.
Stories of crimes committed by actual inmates, in their own words; All put together into a book.
A personal coffee table book and a blog, telling about the every day life in one of the worlds most reputated slum areas - Kibera.
In 1809 Jane travels 60 miles by horse, survives the first experimental ovarian cancer surgery without anesthesia—A hero, forgotten.
Work turns people into ZOMBIES! Our book says "No More!"
Learn the secrets to parenting without yelling and screaming. So powerful your child will WANT to behave and make wise choices!
I was asked to write the true story of an abused woman. I was stunned at the number of gut wrenching stories that were sent to me.
“Could this be You?” Over 2,000 of my one-liner jokes making fun of everyone's brain-dead actions, whether deliberate or unintentional.
'Tales of the Whirling Rainbow' is a journalist’s account of the key mysteries of 2012 -- to be recorded as a digital audiobook.
Funding the printing of  63,000 word book aimed at raising scientific consciousness and exposing and reducing corruption in Africa
The Good for the USA book rates 300+ global brands so you can choose the brand that supports the most American manufacturing jobs.
Michael's memory is fading.  In his race against time, he's writing short stories about his life  - fearing they may be forever lost.
Incredibly chilling true story of a family being tormented by a Demon who wants one thing:the little girl and the mother is in on it.
A compendium of how and why some of the smallest words have had the largest impact in history. There are some remarkable examples.
What makes Cubs fans tick?  81 interviews during 81 home games (and hopefully playoffs) will answer the question.
My book details the rarely discussed internal family dynamics and strife that result from lack of preparation for end-of-life care.
A book "tell all" raising awareness in Vermont about drug addiction and and how it affects our small communitites.
Covering uneasy legal subject matter, this book should be required reading for every person before becoming an adult.
An electronic book using video, images and text, describing how to effectively use the best free stuff that Google offers.
My mother's battled Multiple Sclerosis all my life - now it's gone. Not an ache, not a stumble left. It's just gone.
I am promoting my book, "An Amateur Astronomer's Guide to Gravity." It is an exploration of gravity theory, including earthquake prediction.
A book and online project of narratives of formerly undocumented professionals with evocative pictures by Michael Collopy.
12 Crowdsourced books about what NOT to do. Because everyone has a story worthy of a best-seller.
A collection of stories from people throughout America, revealing signs that loved ones have given them, after they passed away.
We will disrupt the current vocabulary model utilizing mnemonic, association, and testing recall techniques to learn and use words.
Subtle Energy is a nonfiction book informing you how subtle energy affects your life and the lives of your family and friends.
Biography of a woman who lived to the age of 106.  Adult biography and accompanying children's book designed to  create conversation.
Amazing encounters with our Creator begins with a trek through a dense forest to an ancient secret place long lost to our civilization.
A collection of anecdotes and stories from people sharing grateful influence of either rooted trees or flowing rivers in their lives.
Angel For J.R. is the true story of a six year old boy whose abuse was concealed by the school district. His parents were never told.
Documenting a year of adventure in Seattle. Join me on my adventures as I spend my 40th year on planet earth and truly learn to live.
A coffee table type book on the wildlife and habitat of the Arrowwood National Wildlife Refuge in North Dakota.
Boarded Up is a photographic journey into the lost and forgotten neighborhoods that once defined the American small city.
Sam Bigaruka, a Ugandan public health professional, works with the Batwa as they struggle to find a home outside the Bwindi Forest.
We've all felt the pains of life. More Than Conquerors is a story that will leave you with hope- hope that God is there, and He is love
In 2009 my mother killed herself. This story is about our lives up to that point.
Single author exposes it all in her new book about navigating today’s challenging dating world and the search for happiness within.
No Vacation Goes Unpunished is the often times hysterical account of an unlikely stay-at-home-dad. It's sure to elicite an LOL.
My new consumer guide is making saving money an art form!
The Wrong Side of Right is a non-fiction narrative about being unwittingly involved in illegal drug activity by Cindy McCain.
For years I have worked in poverty on a theory of society that includes angels, and now I want to write it up and post documentation.
We wrote the first book about women inventors in 1988. It's time for an update!
A Travel Essay Book. Recently discovered cache of letters by Private Henry Ira Banks of the 102nd Illinois Volunteers is our trail map.
In the pages to come, The portrayal  of Jim Morrison emerges more candid and factual than anything previously printed; Uncensored.
Baseball history comes alive with these stories in a sequel to "Pages from Baseball's Past," with a special focus on Ty Cobb.
This is an anthology of essays by left/radical voices critical of the gay community's uncritical approach to Don't Ask Don't Tell.
The beginning of the new millennium has depicted a glimpse of the emergence of a potential third world war. We have observed numerous..
Spending months in MEXICO CITY/OAXACA working with FREE RADIO COLLECTIVES to create an illustrated cross-border manual for MICRO FM.
A book about how the US allegedly intervened to end Britain's harm reduction programme.
An inspirational story about 11 freshman college baseball players that began their journey together and are now living their dream.
I'm an experienced trader. I've written a simple straight-to-the-point, unpretentious, no B.S. book about my trading strategy.
Travelling to Estonia to create a book on how former USSR citizens and infrastructure are viewed in a now Westernised country
Celebrating Wrigley's upcoming 100th anniversary with stories and memories from the athletes, celebrities and fans who made it famous.
He entered as an illegal immigrant and became an All-American hero.
A Wiccan priestess instructs, educates, and inspires by sharing ceremonies and life events from 25 years revering Nature and the Gods.
My book focuses on the Unintended Consequences, Untold Stories and Unseen Effects of President Calderon's War on Drugs in Mexico
Nebulae: A Backyard Cosmography is a book about the night sky that scouts the links between astronomy and down-to-earth experience.
Travel the Gossamer Trail... Rediscover Nature's 'Portals to Heaven'.
“The Spider taketh hold with her hands and is in King’s palaces!”
A guide book with a companion that walks business owners through the SBA funding process, the companion contains all needed documents.
A guidebook for parents: why some teens love heavy metal, violent video games, and the occult, and how they can be a healthy part of growing up. 
A reference to the snakes of Panama is incredibly important for residents, researchers, and general tourists. We aim to provide one.
3 Hebrew boys who scrambled from Black Palestine to Egypt in eighteen fourteen. The 3 boys were captured. They were the sons of KINGS.
Most detailed book of Superstition Mountains, The Trails and Interesting Places, with Maps
Multiple Sclerosis is ugly. It affects more than 1.3M people worldwide.  But I'm going to win. This is my story - Thriving in Denial...
Your route map through the world of special needs from desperation to joy for parents of children with autism, dyslexia,  ADHD.
Peacefully taking you through my journey of being raised as a Muslim then becoming Christian, and sharing the truths I unveiled.
50 Things to Know About Traveling To 10 Countries written by people who currently live in each city.  They would give 50 tips.
This Binder of Women is a comical & satirical view of thirteen women in history. Ladies, with guts & gumption, you can do it too.
wanting to kickstart publishing on a book describing the ins and outs of cloth diapering, including dangers of disposables.
Belue to Scott! Taking the hard copy version of UGA's greatest moment, that sold 4,500+ copies, to the Bulldog Nation in Ebook form.
The autobiography of a global nomad, replete with wild adventures, ridiculous romances, and spiritual musings.
This book will show how the media and politicians use different metaphors to tap into situations and produce a different outcome.
We are a new tribe of mummies. Help me expose who we are to the masses!!!
A book of 165 photographs with descriptive texts of History of the Written Word collection owned by Indiana U. Lilly Rare Book Lib.
I really want to publish this book, but I need help getting to my goal. Please pledge, no matter how much. Let's get the ball rolling!
To promote e-book sales, so many people can understand how the oceans got so polluted, so we might take action to correct the problem.
A book dedicated to the dissemination of how our thoughts, prayers and intentions assemble the unperceived energy of the universe
Our founder is trying to show there is hope for victims of sexual abuse by writing the story of his life and showing you can be normal.
A definitive guide to deep nutrition and naturopathic approaches to cancer.
I would like to Advertise my Book on Facebook Ads and require Financial Aid in spreading the book to over 200,000 people for Success.
Fund promotions of eBook 1 to help launch the series and create the revenue needed for the author to complete the subsequent eBooks.
Book on the faces and heels of Scottish wrestling from WW1 through the ITV World of Sport days to the stars of ICW and the modern era.
I was assigned to write an item on gay Tel Aviv for The New York Times. But I found more -- the real journey begins here, in pictures.
Books, gifts and collectibles to spread words that ignite the love that is ready to burst within
Women, we are not intended to be perfect, but to be whole, and Whole Women Win! 9 messages to encourage women to live their best lives.
A unique book of self analysis describing and illustrating  an all natural power existing inside of all human beings.
An exploration of the perfection & true equality of the human race, the power within us and how to access it & create a peaceful world.
The Rocky Point Timeline is project to help keep important historical events of Puerto Peñasco.
The secret on becoming a true man has alluded millions upon millions. Finally, this book reveals the secret for both men & women alike.
Book written by near-death experiencer who returned to tell others the secret that we don't die; we just transform into light beings.
A father learns life lessons and finds peace by writing letters to his 11-month old daughter who was internationally abducted
I would like to share my lovely adventure in the Netherlands through the publishing of my book.
An Amazing, Inspiring, Tell All autobiography by singer/songwriter Charlyce Simmons. She details her long, emotional journey to Yes.
A collection of coming out stories and advice from gay men and women from all over the country.
@ Boston Tea Party: the national myth narrative of the Boston Tea Party isn't true, the real story is better...
A set of flashcards made to be the most efficient, vivid, engaging, & low cost option for students studying basic anatomy!
The book that will show you how to "Do the Work You Love, Reclaim Your Time and Earn What You're Worth on Your Own Terms"
Divine Self Love is a Practical & Simple, yet Spiritual & Inspirational Guide to Healthy Self Love.
A passionate, stunningly beautiful account of Earth's unfolding in calendar form. Accurate science, inspiring prose & photos.
This book covers the earliest days of dirt track racing in 1901 to present day - the great tracks, events and drivers.
A collection of life narratives given by Black men over the age of 70 from around the country along with their advice to youth.
I'm writing and self-publishing my story, how I struggled to better my life despite a troubled start, to give others hope.
Sir Francis Vane was an eccentric anti-war UK officer & this was a privately printed anti-war book of his; looking to reprint annotated
In my research, I have developed a REVOLUTIONARY way to Divide By Zero.  I need help getting my research out to the world.
Now that our book is published we want to put it in the hands of as many people as possible to raise awareness against DV/C Abuse
Modern Education is only a generic outline of a much larger universal truth that concerns the intellect and creativity...
Ciao I'm Stefano, I hope my autobiography on my experiences through college an coming out will inspire others to be be successful.
A 100-year old murder solved. This suspenseful novel is a timeline of events before and after the murder.
Have you ever wanted to learn more about Marijuana? 
This book is for you! 
If published, It covers Everything Cannabis, past-future.
What does the holocaust mean to the youngest generation of survivor descended Jews, Nazi descended Germans, and everyone in between?
Are your best accomplishments a list of things that you haven't done? This book is for anyone who's ever been kicked out of church.
My Mother Wore Combat Boots, is a semi biographical book of CW2 Mary V. Bender, as written by me, her son, Joshua Bender-Dubiel
Int'l theories not always tested at intra-state level - but that's where most conflicts occur. 4 case studies can test if theory works
A source of inspiration for some and a target of ridicule and disbelief for others. It's a far more sophisticated debate than we think.
Help put my Tai Chi training to a "Field test" in a "pay to play" league, competing against kids half my age, documenting the story
Samuel Johnson - writer, essayist, poet, biographer, lexicographer - is the greatest literary man you've never heard of.
Campaign for those who want to chance the world and save the most valuable endangered species, those at risk of suicide.
My dogwalker has been missing for weeks. What happened? With the help of Private Investigator Jerry Palace, I hope to track her down & write a book. 
business and strange bedfellows; mercenary betrayal; shameful cops, Coronado, Thailand; pot smuggling 1969-1983,--memoirs of; even more
In Search of the King triples initial investment in the poor, cornering the market on a product both ethereal and necessary – a book.
In the midst of a revolution in physics, the same ideas were used to ignite a revolution in management.
A book of revolutionary, scientific techniques that dramatically increase SAT & ACT scores for kids, changing their lives forever.
This book is a must-have, that is exciting, entertaining, and a true delight.  Nudges you towards a strategy, for gaining an end.
Everyone is not a statistic to their environment and it is the duty of the older generation to educate the younger generation.
Old school magic! 
We modernized      an enduring visual medium and created a new, iconic gateway into American History. Astonishing!!
What variety of little weeds we create that suck the seedling dry before its branches even break knee height.  The world needs hope...
A companion-book to the Battle of New Orleans Historical Symposium - with an academic focus interesting enough for non-academic readers
A 13 book series featuring historic and not so historic moments.   One book for each month, and a giant anthology comprising the best.
A new approach to the age-old sales book.  Involves sex, virginity and tons of awkwardness...  It's gonna be great!!!
The 1st all-inclusive relationship book written by a same-sex couple for all relationships, regardless of sexual orientation.
Dorothy Hester Stenzel who was known as "Princess Kick a Hole in the Sky" is but one of the many pioneering women pilots in this book.
The funniest  serious book about climate change you will ever read. An information-packed picture book for grownups.
Definitive bio: Early life East Harlem in Roaring '20s, circus career 1930s, 45 years star actor & producer, 736 pgs, 250 great photos
Do you feel like you are just trudging through life? This guide book will give you the tools and encourage you to break free!
This memoir gives you an inspirational view into my past as I transitioned through the foster care system, Life before and after.
An anthology of essays on the social, economic, and legal impact of digital currencies.
Explore the life-changing journey that is teaching on the edge of transformation in New Orleans urban schools.
This will be a collection of humorous stories from teachers.  You will never believe the crazy things that happen in classrooms.
Fund a good cause about a book you'll love.
Book is about a new age philosophy towards world peace. 
Be apart of it here and now.
How do you fuel a mobile phone? Where does the power come from? Let me tell you a story about how electricity gets to us. It's amazing!
To be brilliant is to be understood :: so here is my book about everything I can think of that I want to explain
Bringing to life a football legend, whose absence in the AFL Team of the Century will deserve reconsideration after his story is told
A book on keeping the kids busy, having fun and surviving days in the car based on our experiences.
Global climate change is a reality!  Substantive actions must be taken and even the most extreme solutions may become necessary.
A Man Hiking Alone 1600miles in 90days! Raw,No Editing. A man reborn as the man I have always been, but too scared to actually be.
This is a book project that details how someone can become their own personalized stock broker using an innovative new trading system.
I want to help spread the word.The truth about how easy it is to make a better fuel delivery system for any internal combustion engine.
Travel costs for book tour outside of Colorado and studio time/professional help to create audio book.
A dog groomer's behind the scenes tell-all & a unique recipe book featuring stories of discrimination/bullying that end on a high note.
From Corporate America to Patagonia, a book about transformative adventure and a guidebook for pursuing your passions.
Inspired by the kickstarter community and my family. a book of ideas for your next kickstarter project. from my mind to yours.
A photo book showing you how to do a WDW vacation right.  From fast passes to disability access, a photo guide to get you on your way.
We all have goals on our bucket list.  What if you just did it?  Just decided.  One overweight Chef and author is doing just that.
A book of photography documenting the history of Christianity in the Chinese port city of Dalian, a former colony and capital of Manchuria.
300 page photo book of all US Presidents, the White House, Air Force One, etc... Includes page of quotes for each President.
Daily wisdom given to help through many of lives different situations
A quick comprehensive documentary on the rise of the Cleveland Metal scene in the 80's.
A book about what being a dad really consists of that you won't find anywhere else and no one told you about before the birth.
Are you tired of status quo religion?  Are you ready to "get in over your head" in the Presence of God. Then this book is for you!
This book will tell the story of the early days of rock'n'roll and the power of a legendary, and still popular, song and its singer.
What happens when a person in the seventh decade of life looks back over a lifetime and finds himself lost in his own narrative?
Are you concerned about the health of children in America? Learn how The Baby Cuisine Cookbook inspires healthy eating habits for babies AND families!
Exploring the true nature of bears and the work that's being done to replace our fear of them with understanding.
A dynamic and entertaining feminine hero's journey in the modern world. The protagonist overcomes by embracing the mystery of life.
Struggle of an average soldier with reintegration into society following deployment & personal tragedies and the effects on his family.
My plan is to make St. John Damascene's  "Exposition of the Orthodox Faith" a more effective, accessible and understandable tool for modern audiences.
I just completed a draft of my autobiography. I want to refine my message, publish it and share my story to help others.
This book provides narratives from the Japan Earthquake and Tsunami. Our goal is to honor those who passed away and persevere.
Digital Aristocracy, a guide to Digital Riches. It is the goal and lifestyle of those that start companies in the 21st Century.
The things no recruiter can prepare you for about being in the military.
It is my dream to scare publishers (and become a novelist in the process).
I want to live as small as possible and travel the American continent making juice, experiencing cultures, and loving endlessly.
"Encouraging humanity to find the positive side of life"
An easy to read, nonfiction book for the common man about America's journey to environmental catastrophe and a road map for survival.
Een blog over anders-zijn wordt een boek ten voordele van vzw Bindkracht, een huis voor 15 mensen met een beperking in Landen!
Learning to follow my inner wisdom on a path to finding the "one", this love story documents my experiences on a quest of the heart.
The amazing true story behind Discovery Health Channel's popular documentary, "Paralyzed and Pregnant with Twins."
Equal parts rollicking travelogue and pop anthropology, the book explores today's America, its bookstores, and its literary heritage
A collection of essays about the Garden State by writers who love it.
A tragic story of a boy and his little sister who were adopted by viscous abusers. The boy gets a legal guardian to escape the abuse?
Sister is a celebration of sisterhood.  It's a compilation of stories from real women who have overcome real obstacles.
A collection of core principles for humans to apply across time & space!
This is a collection of autobiographical material drawn from my own life and interests.
Discover how a fun South American vacation turned into a horror beyond imagination. A true story that could happen to YOU.
AN  ANALYSIS OF THE EARLY CHURCH FATHERS DOCUMENTS CONCERNING DEMON-POSSESSED CHRISTIANS
Fearless writer embarks on a fun-filled journey to promote her books to readers. Can you hear the characters screaming to be released?
War On Love is one woman's roller-coaster ride of Love. She's made all the mistakes so you may learn from them.
A personal book written for those who need the help and support. Awareness, health, and consciousness. All three make YOU.
The true story of the abuses and maltreatment of soldiers in the United States Infantry, during the War on Terror.
We need to print this book which is completely designed and print ready. A unique historical document of D-Day and WW11.
This is a project that I have worked on for ten years. I have been told that it is really good. So, I am ready to get it published.
Written in the form of a journal is a true story about a teenager in a new england community after the events leading to his expulsion.
A statistician's delight, and more. Not only a book, but the basis for a great card game too. A must for every fan of German Fussball.
The world is changing fast and scary. The dangers are great and near. This is how humans can find a new ecology to survive in.
The gritty, creative and humorous journey I go through as I document my breast cancer through journals, photographs and paintings.
A cup of blood taken off the ice from man and used to feed Life
22 at Heart is our first book helping people Raise their Vibration by Connecting to the Angelic Realm. Yes, you can do it too. Really!
This project is to publish how I, an average person, found God at an early age in the LDS Church
Infideling
My project is to write a book based on Metal Fabrication 'Production Personnel Plant & Projects'. For Students,Engineers & Managers.
Connecting you with the explosive world of football on the Balkan peninsula.
Decisons Determine Destination! Take charge of your career, brand and quality of life. Remember, Failure is the Foundation of Success!"
This is a story of hope, desire and faith in life while struggling with questions and obstacles.
My two favorite cooking ingredients studied and explained.  Then we go to the kitchen to cook up some great fusion dishes.
You know your dog better than anyone, so should the people who care for them while you’re away. Happy Dog. Happy Human. Happy Caregiver
A comparison of the 1944 D-Day and modern landscapes with the intention of promoting long term preservation.
Sharing the passion and tranquility of sports fishing with the world through an angling adventure around the globe! Catch & Release
ShufflePlay is the memoir of a transgendered, Mexican-American social worker written as a non-linear short story collection.
An iBook textbook covering modern recording technology and practices.
A mixed media publication of the case files and memoirs of one domestic violence victim, proud mom, & profound poet.
A 20 year old looking to publish a book on his extensive language learning journey and how it relates to every day life.
Busting the myths and fears bystanders have about shocking a victim of Sudden Cardiac Arrest with an Automated External Defibrillator
Captures inspirational and motivational stories of 8 blonde, African American women joined through a newly discovered sisterhood.
An inspirational, first of its kind book for every classroom in America for students who struggle academically and with self-love.
A Creative Nonfiction Memoir -or- An Odyssey through Grief.
This project will document Route 66 landscape via photography and interactive maps and publish them in an electronic coffee table book
An interactive book exploring the philosophic ideas of the good life in simple, clear language that's easy to understand.
Blurb here
This is the first complete record of the SCCA's USRRC sports car racing series that ran from 1963 through 1968, with lots of photos.
An Army of Evil has been raised. We must send our warriors to combat this threat. The innocent must no longer be sacrificed.
Discovering a family tree leading to the Only Black Family on the Titanic, a young woman survives amazing turn of events for love.
Experience the love that you are and allow it to flow into the world.
The coach's wife. She sees and hears all. Not only from the coach, but from the parents and players. Mind blowing and entertaining.
Pastor Benjamin Miller's study on Ecclesiastes.  Pastor Miller is the author of "The Kingdom Has Drawn Near: Studies in the Gospel Jesus Preached".
Portland Family Adventures is planning a series of guidebooks for active parents who wish to take our content on the road.
A story about love, loss and recovering from depression and an eating disorder. Stardust could change the world!
The only journalist to have interviewed Bill Gates as both a male and female counts her blessings from zero to one!
I'm constantly being asked by people in the pub to tell them about my research on metamaterials and transformation optics
What small business owners learned after they started their businesses, a 'blinding flash of the obvious', their personal epiphanies.
I want to publish my anthology and thesis on identity research by time I graduate college in May of 2013.
A fictitious seeming yet impacting trip inspired the writing of a book.. I soon realized the trip wasn't the only thing to write about.
God Speaks from the Heart is the 2nd in a series of 3. Book 1 creates the possibilities, Heart shares what's possible with faith.
Accredited PR practitioner, Ryan Sheehy wants to normalize conversation about issues of mental health and challenge the stigmas.
Trust is the second novel in the exciting new mystery series featuring Robert Grant. 
A collection of interviews and portraits of everyday women and the extraordinary things they do to make the world a better place.
“When I was six years old, I asked God for a boyfriend.” One man's memoir seeks to help others break free, open eyes, and foster hope.
This book impacts the world of athletics guiding every type of athlete through the most challenging experiences in college athletics
A book about a new theory of melody that will help composers and songwriters write awesome melodies quickly and easily.
The true story of growing up with psychic gifts, and the unexpected journey I traveled to have this truth told to me.
Found my calling - 'out of nowhere', but really out of the death of my soulmate last year, just after the beginning of my new life.
"Let Go, A Memoir" is an inspirational coming-of-age story about an underage girl’s struggle with rape and its aftermath.
These books will help people grow their own fruits and vegetables, no matter how small a space they have, encouraging healthy eating
Having officiated well over 1000 weddings, there are many stories to tell.The bride who threw her ring or the groom that stayed in bed.
Be one of the first to read College Without the Campus, which shows how to earn a degree without debt while pursuing other life goals.
In order to create awareness and hope, I am finally telling my story.
I would like to explain how artists are made in the art world, and show the other side they dont want you to see.
An Expedition into the Jungle to find the Lost colonel Percy Fawcett. With a book to be written at the end, detailing the expedition!!!
No one has ever written a book about the fascinating career of one of our most beloved movie stars, Sandra Bullock. Until now.
Cartoon signposts for today’s longer-living seniors and working-age adults. Why not add smiles to your extra miles? (eBook)
This book will display one studio-photographed Porsche 911, representing each year of production from 1964 to 2013.
A book detailing the unsung heroes of the Global War on Terrorism - the Combat Medical Community
Help publish a book about overcoming life's obstacles.
REAL MEN’S RULES to Golf is an interactive, ridiculously funny journey through the game of golf.
This project will publish stories of hope, strength, and perseverance from cancer survivors that will inspire us all.
This is a Kickstarter participatory book project that allows you to contribute a lasting thought, idea or memory in a literary way.
The WHYs Book will help you understand your faith and your personal relationships more clearly, it will help sharpen your insights.
Help equalize and enliven history education by bringing dynamic digital textbooks and online Vault resources to your neck of the woods.
Book about "Makers Going Pro" Learn How They Made the Jump. Strategies, Tactics, & Tips for Starting a Maker Company.
Reverend Richard Herrin has a simple message he wants to get out to the world: anything can be overcome, God has a plan for you and me.
Our current 12-tone system will run out of tunes in a few hundred years. In this book I describe an alternate 53-tone system.
On Sept 16, 1857, the first overland stage left Tipton, MO headed for San Francisco.  Use these guides to follow that historic route.
Barton PLACE is a virtual collaboration project based on the first public school building which still stands in  Mobile, Alabama.
We each have many versions of our lives.  Both private and public.  What others see in us based on what side we choose to show them.
To tell more women what he offers professionally, he had to attract very sexually active people by writing a book about incredible sex.
This book will convey the history, travel sites, food and culture of South Florida. It has a publisher but additional funds are needed.
Write a book focuses on the meaning of life, the nature of existence, morality and death.
The story is so scandalous that there is no ending and the names have been changed to protect the guilty.
A book about the cost of transparency, accepting yourself, and overcoming addiction, depression, and hurt.
A journal of a season spent with a motor racing team or driver, documenting their exploits over an entire season.  The highs and lows.
One family's 79 year journey into sexual, and extreme mental abuse. It is also filled with love, hope, and miracles.
Follow the true story of woman's journey from tragedy to triumph from domestic violence & heartbreak.  Help break the silent cries'
It is what it is:"God's Final Message to the Modern World"is an extraordinary communication from the God of Abraham to the Great Faiths
Spin is literary spoon bending at its best! Through Laurie's words suffering is optional, life becomes your art + your awakening becomes your reality.
Author Lee Somerstein traveled the USA, asking people how the Great Recession affected their lives. Lack of $$ cut the trip short.
My book provides libraries with proven ways they can successfully obtain more funding. Most of its info hasn't been published before.
Through current sport psychology techniques, I'll show how recreation can improve social & life-skills development in at-risk youth.
The Wellness Manifesto will change lifestyle behaviors, and those changed behaviors will change lives. We are all in this together.
This novel is for those who have ever felt invisible, hopeless, or lost. It's a place to see that you're not alone, and there is hope.
Confessions of a Cougar is actually creative nonfiction - Names have been changed, but 95% is true.
This book will help everyone discover how fake pastors and church leaders manipulate church people to enrich themselves.
I would like to compile a book of my grandmother's amazing recipes together with stories from her life.
An e-book, documenting our travels to the best wine regions in the world in order to get to know wine in a more intimate way.
Completion of the book project "Before Portland: the Native Americans' 'Wappato Valley'" on the Indian history of Portland before 1856
After a decade of war, veterans are returning home. This book will examine the issues they face, and chronicle their stories.
No more mercury, a solution for clean gold recovery in Peru
The real stories of medical marijuana patients; a book  about the battle between health and the law.
Starving Artist, Struggling Writer has written more than three dozen books.  My next E-book will be the most amazing and you can help.
NEFL's magazine and multi-media sites showcases beautiful homes, decorating ideas, entertaining tips, and travel destinations.
I want to write a book (biography) about my Mom.
Help us publish the untold story of history's most controversial war hero and politician, our Grandpa, Douglas R. Stringfellow.
"Reading this book may have saved my life.  It encouraged me to seek help, and gave me the courage to do so." - K (note from a reader)
I want to write a book on Fatherhood. I have had the idea floating through my mind for ten years.
Mediocracy: A sarcastic look at how our search for all things fair is destroying what makes America great--our individuality.
Educating, supporting, coaching and rocking the world's bosses to sleep.
Remarkable life stories: WWII WAAC ARMY female Major who knew both Patton & Eisenhower and served on Nuremberg Trials as Staff Officer!
A current photographic and historical guide to Ghost Towns and Mining Camps within the Death Valley Region.
Changing the future of the youth through storytelling and personal interviews of thought leaders using chess game strategies.
I am writing a non-fiction book about the Marcellus shale and American energy independence. The more of you who reserve a copy, the better for each.
One woman's brutally honest account of her 90 day journey through rehab and her life or death fight to fall in love with herself.
Profound gifts of conscious communicative awareness with nature as experienced through the guidance & teachings of my wolfdogs & dogs..
Why are people paying big money for Kickstarter rewards? FUNDED will provide answers from the backers themselves.
An exploration & exposé of bitch behavior that will empower anyone to deal with the bitch in their life or overcome the bitch within.
A new and innovative guidebook to help meet the intercultural needs of children (0-6 years) and families in a changing world.
A woman’s journey to transcend genocide, discern a spiritual call, and express her true voice through poetry, prayer, and stories.
NEW PERSPECTIVE             
 A  German Family's Story of CONFRONTING SOCIAL NORMALCY 1930 - 1965 in Germany and Poland
A literary work that developed from the authors desire to reconcile the reality of her life with principles that she lived by.
No matter what you go through in life, "Never let your past be the blueprint for your future, keep your head up and never look down."
My reputation destroyed, I stood up to my workplace bully.  My journey  will make you laugh, cry, and judge the standards of truth.
This book is a collection of humorous letters to Corporate America written by Dr. Max Oberon and the unintentional humorous replies.
Wrongfully Convicted is the story of Gabriel Acosta, an innocent man who was convicted of murder at 22 years old and sentenced to life.
A book to honour a very special man. My grandfather. A WWII veteran. The story of his time at war.
This is an inspirational essay collection about GIFTS that we each possess, we know others need and we can all give now.
'For Truth and Honor' is the first publication in the Stutthof Diaries Collection series
Dad was Jewish and 19 in WWII. He wrote daily letters to my Mom which I have. Told from perspective of his 17 y/o  great granddaughter.
Trained qualitative researcher and journalist seeks funding for reporting on and volunteering in aid and disaster relief in Nepal
A daily devotional with everyday wisdom shared by God
Four trips to interview American manufacturing workers so I can share their stories with you in the book I am writing, Simply American.
A year long book project about discovering the most effective ways to make a difference in the lives of others.
Amusing 'hardcore' 'gangsta geek' quotes from a software developer of twenty plus years.
A humorous look at caffeine, coffee shops, hipster baristas, cafe bludgers, wankers and what your choice of coffee drink says about you
This small book is the big push needed to prepare women to bring out the greatness that is inside of them.
A "crash-book" detailing Carly Fiorina's disastrous tenure as CEO of HP ... and why it disqualifies her for the presidency.
An English language travel guide ebook for those interested in Japanese writers from Lady Murasaki to Basho to Haruki Murakami.
My journey to looking better, feeling better, and living my truth & purpose in the noisy world of weight loss and self hatred.
My first book, 'The Purpose Effect' explores the opportunity and universal principles of launching your true desire! LIVE YOUR DREAM!
WHAT IS WEALTHMEUNLIMITED?

It's a free digital magazine service subscription. Have a newsletter sent to your inbox every month.
The why, where and how Large Scale Mariculture can unshackle us from fossil fuels and forever change our environment for the good.
One year in the life of the BBC Radio 4 Today Programme racing selections: A new narrative non-fiction book project.
To collect and preserve the oral histories of Missouri's sheriffs.
1619 Es una novela romántica que relata la vida de Robert Della Valle una vida plagada de Simbolismos, Amor, Desamor, Tragedia, Sueños.
An open book writing project by Stowe Boyd exploring the rise of social web in an increasingly urban world, and how this may save us.
I am writing a book that features a scientific and philosophical exploration of what luck is and why people get lucky.
The project will compile 75 years of Fort Hill history into one book of photos, successes, progress, and achievements of the school.
Everything you need to know about eating like a King in the wilderness.  From what to pack, to how to cook it.  This book has it all!
A description of how dementia affects the patient's in-law and how that in-law can cope with the situation while helping the family.
This is the story of me.  My life, and death, up to now. This autobiography is my life as a Soldier, Pastor and a former teacher.
A homeless man shows up in church. How will he be treated? Homeless Joe will spend a year putting churches to the ultimate test.
Get motivated and inspired daily with an original, thought provoking quote, coupled with a short powerful video through your phone...!
Meditation heals the body, illuminates the mind, & awakens the soul. Let's make it accessible for all & change the world.
We need your help to get out of the print-on-demand rut. Publishing can be costly! Won't you help us?
A book not just explaining modern internet marketing, but giving instruction and technical details on how to get started yourself.
Spreading the word that baseball should stay clean and drug-free and passing along the message to kids and families.
Nitty Gritty story of serving in the US Peace Corps...this book covers the good, the bad and ugly of volunteering!
A memoir of child abuse, corporate fraud, mafia intimidation, xenophobia, poverty, false arrest, and the pressures of single motherhood
This is an essay collection chronicling memoirist Spike Gillespie's adventures as an accidental rancher in Texas.
The first illustrated anthology of myth-busting, true stories
by BLACK CATS to rebrand black cats as adorable adoptables.
Rhymes for the Nursoulry is a great way to teach learners, young and old, historical facts about the lives of Africans in America.
A how-to guide on starting, doing, and finishing all of your big ideas! Turn your thoughts into reality and stop procrastinating NOW!
The big picture guide to planning your ideal career and lifestyle.
I am an aspiring author who has a passion for writing and helping others. I want to become a published author and share my experiences.
My book illustrates the lost art of food preservation. I'm need to get a viable website and social media set up to promote the book.
A memoir of my time working with Mandela, of his raw courage, his true genius and a journey of discovery that will inspire everyone.
Surviving in Hollywood is an art, you've got to know what kind of dance to perform; the waltz or the foxtrot. I did both and then some!
A book celebrating the Jewish history and culture of our country.
I'd like to travel and interview to write an autobiographical book about a centenarian in Africa.
Spousal abuse -- very real, and VERY hidden. Please help fund this book project to show the abused a way out. Don't let secrets die.
A Self-Development guide for all religions and cultures! Explore the 'PATH' and raise your consciousness immediately!
The Big Aston Villa Book of the Seventies is a 450-plus page, large format, high quality, hard back book.
Inspirational commentaries, life analogies to bring encouragement to the reader
The UnSung Heroes: Deconstructing Suicide Through Stories of Triumph book project gives a voice to pain and inspires others to live.
I am writing a book in Spanish with all the details Spaniards need to know to live with dignity in UK, not just surviving.
Participate in a groundbreaking book on listening as its being written. Be the muse of a NYTimes bestselling author. Make a difference!
Este libro es una recopilación de todos los conocimientos que he adquirido cómo joven expatriado por Europa en forma de manual.
New Book by Author Sara Johann Claims Hillary Clinton Won, Electoral College Trumped by Popular Vote. Need to Promote!
An inside look at a farmer's fight to influence ag policy in Washington DC and the oddities of life that happen along the way.
Examine your negative reactions and responses and explore how you can make more positive choices daily instead.
A book about us—our potential—human potential. It examines "incidents" of super human feats, how, when, why & what they mean to us.
A personal project to quantify myself for the month of October with the goal of creating a unique art-book used for self-assessment.
-Restoring the shine of women dignity
All species on earth are currently endangered, including us. It's high time we learn how to get along and create a Society of Dignity.
This book will document disaster memorials that have been erected in honor of those that have died or survived a disaster in Louisiana.
My wife and I are tired of the Ratrace. We're going off-grid in the Texas Desert and want to document our transition.
Want to write book about finding and meeting the 10 greatest sportsmen of all time by tracking them down and writing about the journey
A utopia is not an ideal society, but a community of people dedicated to reason and love.
12 Chapters of what in my eyes are the only things we can truly take with us when we die; what matters most in this beautiful life.
Living a life full of challenges and complications. A death of a father and a son who gets lost in the pain of survival.
A guide that will lead the reader on a step by step journey to  paradise, a place of delight, a place where you can live the good life.
Record Baltasar Gracian's The Art of Worldly Wisdom and create a social media platform for listeners to share their thoughts.
My purpose is to inspire those who have seen the evil that lives in this world. My story will walk you down my path and how I survived
Over 100 prayers to focus your purpose in the will of Jesus Christ. Includes a teaching on a effect prayer life.
A book about the Scottish-English relationship and the background for the present debate on Scottish independence.
Moden civilization is at the cross-roads.  A new political awareness with emerging organic energy technologies drive a new economy.
This project will research the life of Dr. Freddie L. Thomas (1918-1974) and produce a 300-page biography, by author Rodney Brown
The Traveling Twosome has completed our first book and to keep printing costs low, we are seeking to press 300 copies.
This book uses classic examples to help the reader learn about philosophy by learning to think like a philosopher.
Jesus didn't die and rise again so that we could find our PLACE in this world.  We were give new life to CHANGE it!  Here's how.
Pictures and discussions of honey pollen, flower blooms and the bees that work them should fascinate and delight the inquiring mind.
This book is a street survival bible for men, women and kids – it will heighten your awareness, senses, spirit and all round fitness.
We are planning to build a tour bus to travel the country and promote stronger marriages and families. Taking this show on the road!
The Developmental Breakdown is a primer on thriving in independent Hollywood, published as an e-book.
Echoes Of Secrets: A book written in a style of fiction, but the dire secrets that it is destined to reveal will be based on the truth.
This is my biography about how an ordinary Joe like me has lived an extra-ordinary life and how you can too
Story of a pop group during the late 70's in Northern Ireland, gigging during the "Troubles" (names changed to save blushes) eBook
Taking Chances will explore the transition process of military veterans from active duty to the civilian lifestyle, and its problems.
This is a book of inspiration and motivation compiled from a year of writing facebook notes everyday. Total of facebook friends 2300 +.
An Information Technology Age to a Transformation Technology Nu Age of Human Potential is Upon Us! A book 30 years in the making!
A book about my grandparents: textile merchants from Bethlehem who lived in Japan, India, Khartoum and Shanghai in the1930s and 1940s.
A look into the struggle of an aspiring chef with the ultimate goal of helping to motivate anyone who may have lost sight of their goal
Depression ruined my life. Writing about hilarious situations from my past helped me to get through the darkest times.
This is the story of the Kurds. A nation that has survived the test of many dictators and recently the dark threat ISIS.
The revealing true story of miraculous victories, failures, and pitfalls of youth ministry within the American church.
Working on getting my grandfathers historical bio of his life in Southern Oregon published.
One Way to Grace is a testimonial memoir ready for publication through a major international publishing house.
Life is a journey and faith was our family's vehicle that carried us across the sudden tragedy of that day, a sunny day in January.
This Is An Auto-biography depicting my feelings about many of the things I've experienced in my short life.
My father wrote home daily during his service in WWII.  I have over 2 years worth of letters.  I want to publish these in book form
In order to be a voice for the voiceless we have to share a story that many have not heard. We need to put a stop to trafficking!
A book trilogy - Life: Duds & Disasters; Love: 5 Secrets for a Hot Marriage; Parenting: 8 Steps to Raising Phenomenally Close Children
Her story spans the last century.  A journey spanning continents from the outback of Australia  to the remote frontier in America.
I am often asked: “How could you lose your children?”  I have spent the last 19 years trying to find the answer to that question.
Researching and writing a book about the history of organized religion and its impact on society.
I am writing and publishing a book explaining in detail, the validation and authorization of anomalous test results in biochemistry.
Baltimore-based Author, Speaker and Domestic/ Intimate Violence Advocate.
Addiction to Bright Lights, World Peace:How I Survived the Big Blue, Big Red, takes an inside look at what goes on at the UN and NYC.
A collaboratively written story of one young man and his experience during and after the revolution in Tunisia
Help me make my Prague guidebook an even greater success! I'm seeking funding for a professional cover photo and an editorial review.
Finally, a tribute to hockey moms! Stories, jokes and illustrations fit for any proud, passionate hockey mom.
Jesus was Jewish,lived in Israel and celebrated the Feasts.For those who know little about the Jewishness of Jesus,this book is a start
Grinding Out 1-6-2 is a book of the ultimate baseball road trip, seeing all 162 of a team's games & of the people and places on the way
Three Cups Deep - A Layman's Guide to Drinking Well
Revealing the true source of sexiness, igniting women to radiate their essence into the world, affecting all of humanity.
One woman's journey from happily married, to discovering her husbands strange addiction, to wanting to murder her children.
A guide to building a happier life & surviving a tragedy told by a common man who has lived it. This isn't some expert's opinion.
A treatise on our society, how we got here, with history, illustrations, and famous quotes, in a not-so politically correct format.
Bank jobs, shootouts, drug deals and the infamous Lewisburg prison. This was the Mafia life of Gambino family made man, Richard Pasqua.
A detailed look at the evolution of humans and how we came to invent the supernatural.
A profesional marketer's take on building your personal brand. This concise ebook will take you from being forgettable, to spreadable.
"A Book of Truth" is a collection of statements, poetry, and short essays that resonate with our true human essence.
A compendium of traditional peasant cookery through the seasons, from planting to harvesting, and its practice today in rural France.
In this guide to spiritual enlightenment, Consiglio shares his experience of suffering which led him to a shift in consciousness.
My family history often reads like "Game of Thrones" I plan to travel to the UK to chronicle part of it in pictures and words.
We picked the apps and service you'll need to make the most of your next international adventure, without coming home to a huge bill!
First person sharing of the beauty, fear, anxiety, hope and love for humanity experienced while pike minnow fishing on the Columbia.
Publishing the book "From the Cauldron to the Cross" has been nearly a decade long dream that I hope may soon be fulfilled!
Help me complete my journey to find the truth about the Underground Railroad
Book set in 1963 based on the perception of my life as a 7-year- old child, leading up to my encounter with Myra Hindley and Ian Brady.
The goal of my project is to create a fun book for those of us who are not "Idiots" and "Dummies".
A visionary project uniting elephant conservationists to help create: 1st ever illustrated field guide designed by artist @joshneufeld
Please help my Mum to get her book edited and published (a lifelong dream) "The Truth Behind My Tears" is her painful life story.
Book is a finished compilation of quotes from Warren Buffett (with his permission). Seeking funding for initial print run + marketing.
How many people suffer the tragedy of child abuse. This book is a letter to predators to let them know exactly what it is they do.
A comic memoir from Moth host and master storyteller, Brad Lawrence, about kindergarten, soft porn, and the methamphetamine industry.
Create a "living bibliography" of the 50 most influential publications for a special edition of my book The Evolution of Revolutions.
A journey into the geo-oddities that define the shapes of our states and our country.
Award-winning alcoholism book, selfpublished, backed w/website & social med, media-savvy author +dozens of 5★ reviews must boost reach.
Following up THE SMART ALECK'S GUIDE TO AMERICAN HISTORY (Random House 09) with a series of hilarious study guides for smart kids!
This books narrative takes place in a period in which Duncan McCreary guides us threw a life of suspense, terror and reformation.
Ward's Daily Almanac is a 13-book series focusing on the tidbits of history that make up our daily lives.
It's a book: We have an obsession about the U.S. being Number One that is harmful--for us and the rest of the planet.
Digital product  w. 9 Guided meditation journey + ebook, including brief history and benefits of meditation, plus text of @ journey.
I am hoping to publish my writings about my deployments to OIF and OEF, my wounds received in combat, and the journey to recovery.
Learn to incorporate mindfulness in your daily routine through the use of easy to understand prompts.
This is my personal story, a true story about my stay at a Juvenile Detention facility when I was 15
This Book on How To Play Golf Is So SIMPLE, Anyone Will Be Able To Golf After Reading This. Never Has ABook This Simple Been Published.
This book project is a love story about two human beings who happened to meet on a high plateau in the desert southwest.
The Historical Biography of Richard Lee and Anne Constable.
After sitting next to Abraham Lincoln during the assassination, Henry Rathbone's mind and life unravels.
George T. Moir's Sinners & Saints is the resurrection of a lost book featuring the Klondike & Western Canada's Rail Roads
An anthology of essays from women in humanitarian responses
From a South Georgia upbringing I had an exciting life full of adventures that can only happen to a boy being Raised In The South.
I was on three VH1 reality shows and I tell everything you have ever wanted to know about reality tv and this industry after the show.
Bradypedia is the newest, grooviest book about The Brady Bunch. It's all set, save for photograph rights. That's where I need your help
Examining spiritual concepts such as Karma, Detachment, the Ego, Soul Energy, Reincarnation, & Meditation from an objective viewpoint.
my journey from depressed and anxiety ridden corporate warrior to How a Drunken Angel got his wings -(or how I became a man at age 32)
Its a book I am writing. It is the true story of Jesse G. Wright (my late father), a real Alaska Mt. Man.
What is the Price of Freedom? They are everywhere, men and women who have made the sacrifices, and payed the price. Let us Honor them.
The Hitchhiker's Guide is a comprehensive guide to Burning Man; from history and evolution to building a camp and knowing your rights.
Enjoy the journey of discovering the great "I AM" Within You! This 31-day devotional affirms the unique qualities alive in your Spirit.
Cousin's American Miscellany is a collection of facts and trivia about Americans and for Americans, everything you won't need to know.
There are 4 1/2 Networking Mistakes that even the experts tell you to make... and Tiffanie is going to help you avoid them!
A Big Book: Slammin’: Voices from the Middle of The Pack. Photos and stories of the runners in the 2013 Ultramarathon Grand Slam.
Education curriculum and book publication of extraordinary individuals who's stories go un noticed due to their "ordinary" lives.
Publishing and marketing of my unbelievable yet totally true life story of survival against all odds.
Looking to get the word out on why liberals should never run the government.  We must return our government to the people.  
A down-home book written by a true country gal, Melody Gravitt presents a compelling and honest book of her work.
I'm starting with Igniting Souls on December 17th. My book is in the works and I have a complete date within 12 months.
IN FEB 2011 I STARTED "COFFEE WITH GOD" ON FACEBOOK. IT IS INSPIRATIONAL MESSAGES THAT HAS BEEN TOUCHED AND READ BY OVER 230,000 PEOPLE
The past 3 years I have been writing a book about the process of learning to believe that we are loved.  Please help me publish.
Channeled teachings from the Angelic Realm. Created for raising the consciousness on the Earth plane.
History of the American Saddlebred in Michigan and the impact it had on the State.
Book Design Needed-Cookbook for people with ASD-Autism Spectrum Disorder-written in task analysis format for ease-gluten & dairy free
A book about how I come back from complete inaction and injury to competing in professional golf tournaments in twelve weeks.
Set yourself apart from the average, release and express your untapped potential, in pursuit of personal and professional greatness!
I want to write the real life adventure book chronicling Harley's 110th birthday rallies around the world.
A book of stories for, by, and about fathers of children that experience  disability. (And the women who love them.)
Are you ready for a fuller, more meaningful life? Stories to help you find strength, grace and joy (near-death-experience optional!)
The true story of a 9-year-old autisc boy and his family who turned an idea into a business with a mission to help others with autism.
NES Replay is a e-book of essays covering every NES game, including screenshots and analysis and comparing them to the modern day.
Some people channel spiritual entities, but me? I get a smart ass angel named Morty who likes to visit when I'm taking a bath.
The RAINBOW MEXICO PROJECT is a much-needed resource -- the most up-to-date Gay Mexico travel guidebook written by a former journalist.
Short story, needs funding to finish illustrations and get it into print, on an "almost whimsical" theory on why we move the way we do.
Ever hear someone say, "for me to use marijuana is to die"?  Chances are, you have not.  This is a true statement and a true story.
International adventure thriller "The Second Part of The Day" basing on Real Life Story. Author's photo illustrations.
Journey to a tiny American town where it's still safe to let your kids run in the street!  Well, kind of....
These books will help people find their family history and assets, and keep it for their next generation and avoid taxes and fees.
A book that highlights my journey as a plus sized cosplayer. I will share my highlights, views, and struggles over the years.
A unique hand-crafted book about rare & endemic species, what endemicism is, & contributing factors that place many on endangered lists
Because Jenny refused medication, our mental health experts turned their backs - leaving her to fight her way out of panic...alone.
A girl adopted at birth becomes a victim to a sexual predator and spends her life trying to elude him, even after his supposed death.
My revolutionary 1st book will change the world, "The Truth About Everything." NASA /ET Disclosure letters & more from a Family Insider
This is a book about the life and work of Louis John Gill.
An historic district in New York's beautiful Hudson Valley is explored in depth in this new book by local author Derrick De Lise.
Hey, you gotta read my book, Scooby Tracks. It has explosions, treasure hunts, talking horses, and spiders in pajamas. And alfalfa.
Book titled "Yes We Can !" Describes a large scale system engineering program resulting in technology solutions to global warming.
Invest in my book 10 Step Guide to Lipedema Liposuction Insurance Coverage to help women worldwide, one donation at a time!
An easy guide to creating digestive health. Give your tummy some love and see the results.
Picture this: three sisters, a bearded companion--all of us 3,300 miles away from home. This is An East-Coast Guide to The West Coast.
A manifesto and guidebook revealing the secrets of the real wizards of history to empower the world changers of today.
I am trying to publish a book about the original Iraqi Invasion in 2002. This book will portray the feelings and thought of a soldier.
A book series describing different areas in my  life that God has brought me through Mental Health, Weight Loss and My Spiritual Walk
Collectors Limited Edition of the highly inspirational and informational book, from Buster Douglas & Tony Reynolds. Help fund it!
Going to college is expensive, somehow I have managed to stay debt free through a LOT of scholarships. I want to share that process.
Love, Grace, and Joy; these are the lessons a 4 year old girl taught the world. Read as her father tells her inspirational story.
Principles of the new paradigm. Understand and discover oneness through truth, love & connection! A journey of divine teachings.
Dog treat cookbook - healthy, all natural and easy to make at home.
Metaphysics explained as physical comedy; meta-epistemology and meta-ethics derived from humor.
our imagination let us see wonderful things. journey through a child’s imagination and see the creatures that dwell there.
A book diving into the creator of all life. The Father of all his children upon the world we call home.
This guidebook and video provide individuals and companies with the ability to operate safely and securely in cyberspace without fear.
Finally, a book about Chicago's music scene!  This long-awaited chronicle of the Windy City's most memorable decade in music is ready to go!
Depressed, anxious, neurotic, rebel study of man's fall and rise. 50 years of adventures: good and bad ones. Confession.
a story about trying to forget military sexual assault before deciding to shed the victim label and become a survivor.
A book to teach people to build a sane and appreciative view of the world they live in. This is a book that will change everything.
Project is a humor "memoir" from Celebrity Chef Matthew, a fictional TV chef who's narcissistic, delusional, and unintentionally funny.
A meditation book to help you discover your inner voice, listen to your body and transform this new awareness into lasting changes.
A book of memories and photos about the day - June 16, 1965 - Colorado's South Platte River overflowed its banks and the days after.
WHAT IF LIFE ACTUALLY HAD A HANDBOOK? Would You settle for a Wheel Chart? Now there is a help tool.We could live with  more clarity.
Help us fund this Epic Vampire SAGA. This story is a unique look at the origins of the Vampire and other mythological creatures. 
Recognize & understand common interactions with spirits. Based on my lifetime of personal experience. A Christian/LDS perspective.
A laugh out loud exposé of the weight loss industry. Diet by diet. Mood swing by mood swing. Always starving but never thin.
Pay it forward. Watch where it goes. Your random acts of selflessness and kindness will be tracked. We will help by being your voice.
This is a story about coming home and finally discovering who we are and what we are meant to be.
If there can be a pill to cure dysfunctional marriages, intimate partner abuse, and messy breakups, then this well-crafted book is it!
A method for the conversion of distressed Loans designed to alleviate the turmoil of the Worst Economic Crisis of the 21st Century.
This project is about long-distance relationships; what holds them together and what's necessary to make the right one work.
Mend the Gap; a memoir with a difference. Documenting my transformative journey through deep despair to discovering my soul purpose!
"Vigilantes, Gangs, and Terrorists: The Marginalization of Social Control" offers a new perspective on causes and prevention of crime.
HAHC is a collection of sometimes dark, humorous,depressing, hopeful, and always truthful memories of my struggles and accomplishments.
Weaving the stories of Recruits, Active Service, and Veterans into a personal look from the inside at the life of service.
Two and a half year emotional roller coaster journey told from two unique perspectives of an Intended Mother and her Surrogate.
The first month-by-month pregnancy guide, activity book and keepsake for the expectant sibling.Uniquely illustrated using multi-mediums
What I learned from the moment that changed how I viewed the world. Love,is the best gift we can receive and can share with others!
I grew up searching for truth. Now that I've found it, I cannot give it back. Here it is.
I want to publish a humorous collection of stories about being an American girl who was raised abroad and served in the Navy
An anthology of essays exploring some of the issues arising around dying in America, written from an Orthodox Christian perspective.
My life story book is available @
http://www.lulu.com/shop/tess-decarlo/the-kendra-brill-story/paperback/product-23033286.html
The details of a 22 year journey in the casino gaming business arising from a summer part-time job needs to be given to the world.
The book focuses on  myself struggling with high  functioning autism, addiction, and being homosexual in a religious home
There is a war going on and Facebook is the battle ground. Enter the world of the Pro BSL/Anti Bully breed Facebook extremist community
"30 Revelations at 30" is a collection of epiphanies in the form of short stories, poems, and quotes from author & poet Shelly Bell.
Publish a book that will portray women around the world. To empower them to change the World.
Bioremediation involves creating environments in which microorganisms can thrive while mineralizing (eating) oil contamination on site.
Imagine helping a mother gain inspiration to help her max prestige Call of Duty son to avoid dropping college through shared stories.
Every Arkansas school district has its own desegregation story. This book details desegregation of the Malvern, Ark. school district.
Did somebody say Gay TLV? Just the start! Get a front-row seat to Israel's super-hot capital of cool: a siren song of White City heat.
The story of true love, one that not even Alzheimer's disease could destroy.
A devotional book for growth in daily Christian living. From A to Z (26 short chapters of encouragement & challenge to be Christ-like)
True Story! Need funds to publish & market my book about living with  Alzheimer's for 3.5 years. It's a revealing end of life story.
I'm trying to open the minds of our youth to a more spiritual and philosophical world where very little is impossible.
This is a book about my father.  All of the sad, funny, horrible and debaucherous things he has done from when we were kids till today.
Real life stories with unique, inexpensive solutions and support for those facing 'off-grid' frontier life in the 21st Century.
A great book about a family surviving during the WW II in Riga, Latvia. We are seeking to get funds to translate and publish this book.
A collection of encounters from a Counterintelligence Agent assigned to Iraq for three (3) years; a view of operations and people.
A book about Rose Marie McCoy, one of the most prolific, yet least well known, of all the songwriters in the 1950's and '60's.
Fan the flames for BBQ in a limited edition cookbook, GRILLING WITH BEER: Bastes, Barbecue, Mop Sauces and More Made with Craft Beer
Management of hair is metaphor for life-author weaves a hair-raising tale interwoven with life, work, travel, going gray..
Art by Valy
The hilarious and dramatic stories of a traveling street entertainer, and how his life was changed forever by performing for strangers
A candid account of a rebelllious sailor's Navy enlistment and the shady street life he juggles along with his military obligations
You’ve met the Simpson’s and the Griffins … Now meet the Davies family. #non-fiction #comedy #drama #romance  www.hamsterdavies.com
Self-published travel guide to Colorado Springs; highlighting local businesses, lesser-known trails, and veg friendly eats- on a budget
I recently signed a contract to write a book documenting California's culinary history through over 50 dishes and drinks created here.
A study of how the Catholic Church has marginalized - even demonized - woman's active spirituality through the ages.
How it feels to let go of everything you ever worried about and remember you are enough, no matter what anyone thinks of you, even you.
Accomplish unique goals I mail you, send back a memento, and be featured in the GoalStarter book and blog.
We are creating a new book on the U. S. Naval Academy in Annapolis, Maryland.  We are seeking money to print the book.
An introductory book about cats
Phnom Penh Survival is a multimedia-rich, digital guidebook about how to streamline and maximise your visit to Cambodia.
Read about girl who is full of mystery and wonder. Life with her will never leave you bored. There is always an experience to remember.
The story of an individual's struggle with drug addiction, disability, mental illness, and the criminal justice system
Coming of age book based on the true life story of a young girl's life as she moves from Natchez, Mississippi to Northern Michigan.
Help me turn Amazon's No.1-Selling Chinese Language E-book into a top-selling Chinese App.
A book about creative evolution, consciousness, madness, and the autobiographical fiction of Jack Kerouac.
What were John Adams' religious beliefs and how did they influence the framing of the United States?
This is a collection of thoughts, sayings and observations about the eclectic people, places and opportunities that I have encountered.
This project chronicles the 20 year history of The Venice Surf-A-Thon Surf Contest and the Venice Surf and Skateboard Association.
A book that includes, alongside interviews with and testimonials from former players and coaches, stories submitted by fans, like you.
A short e-book on self defense inspired by researching many turn of the century manuals on self defense.
Surprise your friend, spouse, parent, and others by posting a note of endearment in a new book that celebrates friendship.
The next chapter of my life will focus on using the God-given ability to communicate. I will be writing about Joy in (and on) a Journey
A book of haiku, photographs, and personal anecdotes from our two week journey celebrating America's "Mother Road", Route 66.
What's The Worst That Could Happen is a book aimed at helping people by giving them an inside view into the mind of a drug addict.
No Easy Answers is a book of questions that changed my life and guided me through recovery, redemption, and reinvention.
The only book you'd ever need on a deserted island.  Guide with toolkit included! [**Avoidance of death not guaranteed.]
I weighed 152kg. Over four years I lost 70kg bushwalking and rock climbing in Tasmania. This is my incredible story of Wild Weight Loss
Eleven non-fiction short stories about the things that truly matter: sex, dating, & how to have a fake affair with a real celebrity.
This inspirational work follows the life of a proud Ohio boy from his child hood, fighting cancer, to major success as a chef and back.
My proposed book chronicles my 20 year addiction to pornography, and the strategies and tactics that helped me permanently break free.
This is a story about a woman who overcomes her fear of death by  beating the odds of becoming a product of her environment.
BITTERSWEET MANGOES - Is an autobiography of a Latin American boy immigrating to the United States from Managua, Nicaragua.
A journey to the waters edge...a story of a newly found passion for this single mom and how she I've taken up the love of fishing..
A story of overcoming life's many adversities from a teen parent to "Fast Life in Vegas"; from homelessness to millionaire mentors.
A multimedia storytelling project about out of work and underemployed college graduates.
Help spread discoveries about Physics and astronomy to worldwide audience.  Have a model of the entire Universe for your desk.
Propaganda for the 21st Century is a modern manual showing how to shape public discourse and opinion in the age of fiat money.
THE GAME GOOFY CHRONICLEZ SAGA CONTINUES. INSPIRED BY ACTUAL EVENTS OF THE LEGENDARY KING SWEETZ LIFE IN THE GAME
Kickstarting my life has become difficult, but I know I must to be the person I was meant to be. Publishing my journey will help others
Traumatic incidents continue to occur everywhere; mass shootings, domestic violence, suicide. I want to help restore victims of Trauma.
The Star Spangled Banner is a tale of two cities...weak Washington and strong Baltimore. Also, three women help save their hometown.
Newtok, a small Bering Sea coast community is fighting for it's survival.  Mother Nature closing in on the town with time running out.
Multi-media e-book teaches how to plan, fund and build highspeed Internet networks using lessons from Chattanooga, other communities.
A soul bearing, eye opening, raw autobiography that will challenge the way society views and treats the mentally ill and the addicted.
Musings of John is focused on delivering original thoughts, quotes, and poems focused on peace, hope, love, and living in the moment.
The BORREGO Brochure project is an independent re-visioning of the standard park brochure as an interactive iPad application.
I plan to write a witty, high-brow paperback about my adventures in NYC!  You suggest the places (food, attractions, etc) & I explore!
A book exploring the quirky and unusual cultures and sub-cultures in the southern U.S.
You interested in the backcountry, adventure, death defying, and bear chasing excitement. You'll want to help fund this project!?
pamphlet on how to kick our addiction to foreign oil by substituting alcohol
This book is about putting direct spiritual experience first and reordering as necessary to move religious barriers out of the way.
Change The World...by publishing one little book? I think we can. It's worth changing...we're worth writing about. Imagine....
A series of adventures involving alcohol, debauchery, swashbuckling, and beautiful women.
A book about Joe Frazier, the man, whose insights and treatment of others in the ‘Ring’ called LIFE made him a true World Champion.
How I overcame my personal demons and tragedies. Starting Life over again and finding a way to happiness and hope. This is my story.
A full-color behind-the-scenes look at the production, release, and popularity of one of the best-loved holiday movies of all time.
Oregon & Northwest news and events on politics, art and environment, funding is to pay programmers, writers and tech improvements.
The Mother 2 Daughter Life Workbook helps you connect with your daughter and have great, important, conversations
For 80 years, people have been saying the German owner of the Old Vienna Gardens was a spy.
Learn the true story in our book.
Following on from the successful performance biography, Benedict Cumberbatch In Transition, this book covers his 2013-2014 performances
It is time for the world, to find out about the grandfather of the world-famous Rubik's Cube in a true Hollywood-fashion.
It is the ultimate guide to the recorded works of the greatest band in history and an essential part of every Beatles fan's library.
These photos and essays show how much a quarter-century of restoration can accomplish. Now we just need the funds to print the booklet.
We want to show people with an interest in exploring BDSM the *real* world of kink.  How to enter it, navigate it, thrive in it
My book on my own definitive teaching on Zen: basically, living with the Spirit of Zen, and the contemporary problems of our age.
Starting at age 10, a woman's journey coming to terms with her body and what truly influences a woman's opinion of herself inside, out.
This book looks at violence in California of every form and covers some of the most notorious crimes against others in the last 150 yrs
Full color artwork and inspiring story about a mother's struggle to see her differently-abled son educated in the public school system.
The story of my life related through famous comic book characters and stories. A unique autobiography.
I am under contract with Tate Publishing and need to raise funds only for publicist's costs.
A WW II P-40 fighter was recently discovered in the Sahara Desert. I would like to visit the site and document it before it disappears.
The articulate, funny account of a journalist conscripted into a WW2 anti-aircraft regiment, set in the context of the times.
Interviews with women that have impacted the world around us.
The heart-rending, true story of how Joe and Maggie and their kids, Crysti and Timmy, began a TV show that reaches around the world.
Every child deserves to grow up with innocence. Our plan is to stop child sexual abuse by placing POWER in the hands of a each child.
A celebration of the world’s largest military vehicle show. This project is to create a commemorative book from the show's archives.
In The Minds of the People: Ending America’s Cold Civil War, is a book that calls us to “think different” about America’s divisions.
If you went into labor today, would you know what to DO?
I'm writing a story about my life in foster care. In spent 7 years in a traumatic living environment. In writing to help others in care
sequel to my travelogue about China, Over the Rainbow
We're going to fund a calendar for diabetic kids to remember their camp experience. Photos from kids will be used to create it
Collection of poems, stories, essays, and artwork about woundedness and the healing potential of Gloria E. Anzaldúa's writing.
An agnostic's twelve year quest for spiritual truth culminates in this small, insightful book, designed for those who are leery of traditional faiths.
A fascinating tale of personal stories and spirituals insights on my quest to meet one of the greatest spiritual teachers of all times.
About the dangers of sitting and the multi-functional benefits of walking especially for getting somewhere..
A book about how Caroline Lucas was elected to be the UK's first Green MP in 2010 - and what it means for British politics
This is the story of Paul Taylor, who allowed drugs to convince him to go catch a UFO, which became a hiking trip to Israel.
UFC Coach Rafael Cordeiro's inspiring life story & the techniques he teaches to MMA champs. Plus, photos and interviews with UFC stars.
This project is to raise funds for Politics City Publishing, so that I can purchase the necessary equipment to produce various podcasts
Create connections between family generations.  Help publish an investigative interview journal and preserve memories of the past.
Judy Faye's long-awaited book (almost 30 yrs in the making!) full of Angels Messages, her Inspired Poetry & her Fascinating Life Story.
A debate is brewing in Europe on virtual ID Cards - this project will fund a book to clarify and inform!
When the day ends one may ask themselves, "What difference did I make concerning my life?"
A narrative of the difference in fun, games, social skills and enhancing the relationship with this and the new generation.
Contribute to the sequel to the book "A Year of Viking Rituals" called "More Viking Rituals.
The story of my rite of passage as I travel through the Atacama Desert in Chile and come home to write my story.
Based on the concepts brought forth by Adam Smith and adopted by the Founders of America, this project is to encourage prosperity.
My uncle dissapeared after returning from Vietnam.  My grandparents dedicated their lives to finding his remains and clearing his name.
Finding yourself unemployed is the worst thing that can happen to you. Here’s a witty book that really helps you find your way back.
Dating blog & relationship advice blog for millennials - advice will be given by a man and a woman.  Think sex and the city for genY
The book will contain proposals which will, when adopted, reduce wrongful convictions from the current, appalling 2% (approx.) to .1%.
Travel to North Ireland to gather interviews and resources for a non-fiction book that will be published by December 2014
Little Girl Lost - a Journey to Recovery is my journey from active alcholism to recovery.
Himalayan Kingdoms, Buddhist palaces, mountain treks & spectacular scenery entwine in the 1st mainstream guide to Kashmir since 1989.
Your Feminist's Survivalist Manual
A Series of Science and Technology E-Books Written by Teens for Teens
An exposé book on what the twitter phenomenon, #GamerGate, is, how hate affected the movement, and how it tarnished gamer image.
Stories of the rich and shameless seen from the eyes of a chauffeur. These experiences range from love and family to utter nonsense!
A book and blog about how surviving cancer made me focus on my Italian heritage, my love of Italy & my search for my Italian ancestors.
A book project designed to get a legitimate critique and personal experience of American fundamentalism published by a major distributor.
Have you ever wondered what life would be like after you had your first child?  We are going to tell you the story of our 4 under 4!
Longevity in the workplace is no longer the norm. Take initiative, believe in yourself, instead of waiting on others to decide for you!
Do you struggle to make interesting plant based meals.You will never look at vegan food the same way.
You will laugh, cry, pray, and never give up. Etchings encourages you to believe in second chances, and understand God has a plan.

Making math a friendlier, less stressful subject for kids and adults alike. Help me help teachers teach, and students learn math!
My book describes the universal fundamental laws that govern the universe and the human mind; a shared, identical governing principle. 
I am making the book on my grandpa's life. The writer will speak to him in Chinese and translate and write his story into English.
The must read increible story of the formation and journey of the Team America Basketball Club seen in “Jump Shot Dreams" TV Show.
The true story of the most famous regiment of the American Civil War
Highlighting the industrial, cultural, civic and ethnographic transformation of a New England city in words and photographs.
A prophetic vision of. Gods heart concerning the 9/11 tragedies and their loved ones.
Many people wrongfully consider Atheism a "belief". They assume things about it that put it in a bad light.
Hundreds of vintage (1928+) photos with individual people torn out, found in dumpster, help me return to descendants if they want them.
Sandy Allen faced bullying and overcame challenges all of her life.  She inspired children when alive and can still do so.
Follow me on a fun, emotional, entertaining motorcycle trip from John O'Groats to Lands End and back following the coast of the UK
Anxiety is cunning. It has many guises, but what’s really going on?
Iedereen worstelt op een zeker moment wel met zelfhaat...
At times everyone wrestles with selfhatred...
Whistleblowing book revealing ethical corruption in higher education based on experience and documents.
A memoir about my time with Sarah, a 28-year-old woman with Asperger's Syndrome.
A step by step guide to living with joy and enthusiasm told through an intimate, personal memoir and a journey of self discovery.
I spent a year in China participating in their world, interacting with citizens, and gaining incredible insights along the way.
Printing costs needed for provacatively heartfelt calendar featuring sexy people with ALS. Plug a whole in a dying woman's bank account.
A Bible Translation for fast times in a fast world. ALL the substance in LESS the time.
HOT GUYS, GOOD FOOD is a cookbook with recipes paired with hunky photos, with chapters like Beef Cakes, Hot Dishes, Eye Candy and more.
Children around the world hide the fact that they are regularly abused by adults. I want the world to know. I want it to stop.
After 15 years of research & writing, my family history book is finally ready for publication! Please help me make it become a reality.
Book: How achieve great things by embracing darkness within, needs your support to help creatives better.
Principles, Patterns, and Practices for Soul Evolution according to the Ageless Wisdom
Advice:  We either give it or receive it. Boy Scout leaders teach but we are unique.  Our best advice comes from the ones we lead.
A collection of the most beautiful rustic structures in Minnesota in some of the most scenic places in our state. All owned by the us.
Insider Secrets to Caring for Aging Parents and Preparing for Elder Years from professionals and families + tons of resources.
This award-winning work documents the historical use of psychedelic sacraments in early Vajrayana Buddhism. Foreword by Ann Shulgin.
Lured by false promises, a young Ugandan is kidnapped by a Congolese rebel group, Six months later, under penalty of death, he escapes.
This book is intended for all people who have an alcohol and drug addiction. As well as family members and friends who are affected.
Spend a year taking candid photographs of 100 fathers in public with their children then interviewing their thoughts on fatherhood.
What if you took one summer to teach your children as much about life as possible within a 300 mile radius - documenting the journey?
A Generation X View of Talent Management
I'm Naked and Tired My Soul Vol 1 is a look at a man wrestling with depression while trying to find his way back to the light
God Nods are the mind blowing things, miracles great and small God has done in my life ever since He saved it.
Vol. 1 of "Ray Harryhausen - Master of the Majicks" is done and off to the printer! Kickstarter will help cover final printing costs.
I never knew my father until my mother died and left a metal box holding years of his letters to her.
Gut Check is a budget friendly diet book based on the counseling from a dietitian and twenty five years of the author's experiences.
Busy parents get clear, inspiring instructions on how to get kids 13+ through college debt free and into jobs they love afterward.
Print book collects Trump's worst quotes and contrasts them with quotes from people who spoke against him. Let's fight Trump together.
Shug Baggott sets the record straight about his years with George Jones and tells other stories from his years in the music business
The leadership bookshelves are full of books for the rising stars. My mission is to reach those yet to look up and see a star.
Visionary Bri will attend GenCon 2013 and write the first book of the Girl Con Wild series based upon the con attending experience.
Glappit is a cool interactive environment with a focus on young innovators. Lets have our first conference in Chicago. #pow
I'm writing a book series on my life that heavily involved baseball.  Also including on how my older brother assisted
Many families have skeletons in their closet. How many are willing to write about it? Well I am. It is riveting and exciting!!!!!!!
I AM WOMAN! - Being a Transwoman in 2015 is a memoir written to assist in the communication and language of the LGBT community.
Brain surgery removed my cancer, saved my life, nearly cost me my daughter and devastated my balance centre.
Measure 11 in the State of Oregon-mandatory sentencing destroyed my family. This is our story. My daughters and I were victims too.
Experience, Teacher, Life, Love, Valery, V. Lenaye, Relationships, Church, Spirituality, Religion, God, Christ, Heaven,
Help us restore and enhance a series of 19th and 20th Century Panoramic City-Scapes so they can be enjoyed as art in the 21st century.
Arsenal FC is 95% owned by foreign billionaires. This book chronicles effort to buy 1 share, and then share it with Arsenal supporters.
Prepare yourself for the newest book on hairbraiding.  This systematical approach breaks down the art of braiding hair.
A Guide Book for Parents, Kids, and Coaches
from a Player That’s Been There, Done That, and Learned Tremendous Life Lessons
My story is about the paths I took in my life and how they led myself and my kids through a world of drug use and domestic violence
Down The Rabbit Hole Is A Book For Business & Non-Technical People, Like You, To Understand The Blockchain & To Capitalize On Its Power
I want to give people the practical tools to pick up any language within 90 days.
A collection of inspiring true stories that show God still works in our lives and cares deeply for our needs.
It's a Political work which is centered around the topic of Youth Policy Development: Including young people as full members in society
Experience God, raw and uninterrupted. On a 675 mile walk to D.C. with just me, God and some great American citizens along the way.
For anyone who asks, “Where is God the Mother?” I found her! She is hidden in the Secret Teachings of Jesus within the Gospel of John.
This book will provide a wealth of psychological information that educates the reader on health and welfare improvement methods.
The Art of acting. An extensive look at the performing arts.
A collection of essays that examines how video games have been the driving force of my life as I play every Nintendo 64 game.
An informative and instructional handbook for adults that explains how you can survive if the world suddenly came to an end.
The Emmy-winning blog "Screenwriting from Iowa" has been edited for the first time into a 65,000 word book taken from 1,000 posts.
What MS has taught me since being diagnosed October 14th 2014, and living with undiagnosed symptoms for about 10 years.
How do you make something that is both cool to look at and helps you to be healthy? That's what this book is about.
Mir fehlt leider das Geld für ein Lektorat und für ein wenig Werbung. Das Buch soll perfekt werden und hat sehr viel Inhalt :) !
A NEW CONCEPT FOR LEARNING HOW TO COOK
This cook book will show you how easy it is to prepare delicious food.
When the cure is worse than the ailment - getting put on a myriad of pain pills, the pain in getting off them; a societal challenge.
A collection of letters written in youth about one's future goals and the unexpected, inspirational journey life takes them on instead.
A short biography of Theodore Roosevelt Jr. and his times for a young adult audience.
It demonstrates that Atlantis was not a separate, lost continent but one of the original nations of the Americas with Hebrew People.
Makeups, breakups, crazy relationships, and epic love.  Learn from other people's mistakes, it's a lot less painful! Let's FIX Love!
Cheats, Liars, Movie Stars, Private Rock Shows, Movie Contracts, Homelessness and Quentin Tarantino. Help me tell my story.
We propose creating a video charting tool that will allow a cruiser to see the actual navigation from the perspective of the boat.
This will aid in funding research and publishing best practices and process improvements relating to police handing of evidence.
Issues affecting music and music ministers in the church today.Scriptural pathways to solving them.
I am writing a book about ASL and Deaf Culture. Painting credit: Nancy Rourke (www.nancyrourke.com).
The El Mirage Dry Lake Bed Photography Project aims to chronicle the varied and beautiful aspects of El Mirage Dry Lake Bed.
Gathering stories of America's women entrepreneurs and home enterprises as told through family lore, publications, diaries, etc.
Creating a coffee table book focusing on the "mom & pop" restaurants and diners in small Minnesota Towns.
Blood Splatter - A Guide to Cinematic Zombie Violence, Gore and Special Effects is a look at zombie film special effects.
“The Laidoff Ninja” was first published in 2009 and briefly became a hit. We want to update this classic. Help us kickstart the project
When a person really desires something, all the universe conspires to help them realize their dream... - Paulo Coelho, "The Alchemist"
A Miniature is a chess game lasting 25 moves or less. They should be educational and/or entertaining. See www.TheNewChessPlayer.com
The first English commentary set on the Holy Bible from the Islamic perspective from Genesis to Deuteronomy.
480 page book on the historical, archaeological and textual evidence that original Judaism and Christianity were shamanic.
I have a chance to self publish to a larger audience it requires some capital to engage 38k websites & a marketing crew - My chance
Michael's Miracle is one man's journey through life and the miracles it brought.
I recently lost my 13year old son in his sleep. I am writting a book on his life and what happened.Hoping to help others through this.
Sourceology is a system that combines a holy trinity of religion, science, and philosophy, a god embodied way of life.
DownHouse Software's Mythic Science series teaches a variety of science topics through stories centered on Greek Mythology.
The untold story of clandestine operations in Iraq, 1941-45: intriguing, compelling, solidly researched, and 100% true.
Help publish 3 of my already written books:

CASH SMUGGLING, MONEY LAUNDERING, COCAINE, ART & LOVE - A KIDNAPPER'S GUIDE - STAND UP SEX
Help me publish a baseball biography of Ken Boyer, third baseman for the St. Louis Cardinals.
The Diary of a Successful Black Queen provides pointers & tips for all women who wish to achieve fulfilment & emancipation.
This podcast series will cover the history of modern India beginning with the 1857 Rebellion and continuing to the present day.
Torture is the most inefficient way of extracting information. The CIA's torture tourism greatly damaged our reputation abroad.
Created to be a weapon against bullying and low self-esteem; this book empowers young women from all over the globe.
A collection of humorous essays about my extended family, interracial dating, and women's issues in American and Chinese culture.
Re-publish an interactive CD-ROM so it's important history including the Sand Creek Massacre can be preserved for generations to come.
An introspective, inclusive work on the Batman saga. From origin to psyche to his drive for justice, why the Dark Knight fascinates us.
Twenty stories of the intersection of the way of baseball and the way of Jesus.
I died and then this horrible creature like the "Grim Reaper" grabbed a hold of me a dragged me to hell. I saw it's face, no escape!
Please help Ahbonbon lead this grassroots movement to help millions of Americans be more aware of the toxins in food.
The book will explore child abuse from law enforcement, judicial, political and social angles.
Corruption and Abuse of power are at an all time high. Robin K Miller exposes horrifying secrets that have been hidden from the public
We want to help a young woman publish her autobiography of her journey leading up to, through and past anorexia nervosa and bulemia.
OccupyDC is effecting a sea change in American politics.  This is your chance to see it from the inside.
True stories from Marine Corps, as told by the Marines who witnessed them. Stories that would be depressing, if they weren't so funny.
a travel guide for God-seekers teaching pilgrims to pray, reflect and develop spiritual practices at the Walt Disney World Resort
The deliriously incorrect guide to raising great kids from author/broadcast journalist/proud single father, Robert Parish.
Every Lady no matter what age can benefit from gentle reminders on lady like behavior. Keeping  the "Art of Being a Lady" alive!
The Truth Hurts, I Do. Dish Out The Pain
Travel to Albania, research and write a book that is a collection of stories about transmigration in the context of music and language.
The 12 Steps of Alcoholics Anonymous are an inspired program of restoration, it is time we used them in the business world.
I recently spent the better part of two months fulfilling my civic duty serving as juror and foreman on a gang murder case.
A journey through US history that asks hard questions about US government involvement in the narcotics trade.
Apotropaios is a book which examines the practice of concealing objects in the home in order to avert evil over the past 500 years.
Feels are hard. Let me do them for you. Your feels. My words. Anonymous sends.
Endurance writing for 72 hours, watch an author descend into madness in real time.
The novel on the lives of Richard Lee and Anne Constable.
... This is my dream and life endeavor – to bring the story to life.
Jamie Davis, Author of Haunted Asylums, Prisons, and Sanatoriums is now traveling for her second book, America's Most Haunted Hotels.
Publish this important guidebook to FREE accessible, audio and eBook formats, as well as converting the text to an accessible website.
In March 2012 I will embark upon my biggest book project ever as I journey to the exotic land of Africa.
Empowering educators to do the daily work of school safety - quick, effective, school safety training developed BY & FOR teachers
I want to write an autobiography about my life to inspire and encourage others and let them know God and Heaven is REAL.
Behind your cup of coffee are millions of women who are the unseen engines of the coffee industry.
Creating a digital book and app on swim technique with written, photographic and video examples for your every need
Want to really make a positive impact this year in children's lives? Check out The Friendship Toolbox..great tools for life!
For new parents to record their own care approach in a simple step-by-step guide - providing a quick and easy reference for all carers.
I am writing a book about Hawaii, myself, and the connection to god. The true reason behind public pushback. The battle within for GOD.
A book full of truths, happiness, sadness, worry and laughter! There isn't a single parent out there that won't be able to relate!
The forthcoming book from author/speaker Zachary Hamilton! Dropping this Fall, 2012.
Our goal is to publish Michael Hemery's debut collection, No Permanent Scars, as a paperback and hardback book and give it the exposure it deserves.
Get behind a behind the scenes look at the life of a recent Apple Employee starting from the interview process to the final days.
The Local Language Project book is to create an artist's book of the local dialect of Shropshire, Herefordshire and Worcestershire.
Publish a book about the life and untold love story of Orville Wright. His life, 1910-1945
When they ask me if I have anything to declare, I start with Anxiety....
I am working on publishing my devotional that I have written about the promises God gives us concerning worry and how to overcome it.
This is a publication which is authored by live-in client. He writes about how he digest the attributes of a long term facility.
This is a true story (well the way I remember it) of my adoption journey. It started nearly 18 years ago.
Generation X has inherited a mess, and we must clean it up. The book presents a vision for the future and a roadmap for getting there.
Kids can't tell when you're exaggerating, so why could they tell in an ad?  Let's test it with a behavioral economics experiment/paper.
"Run For The Wall" Takes you on a ride across America, CA to DC with Kris & her Harley. See America like you've never seen her before!
"You don't become Captain Romance without first hitting a few bumps in the road"
Adopted, abused and an alcoholic by 14. Neil shares his epic 54 year journey to discover his roots...
Ever watch Storage Wars or Auction Hunters? This book is a collection of stories about the reasons people lost their lockers.
Un journal de gratitude pour récolter des moments de bonheur et faire que chaque journée, malgré les difficultés, soit magnifique.
The Five-year Garden Record is a place to plan and record the annual cycle of a harvested garden.
How a small, independent design team created Urbee, the greenest car on Earth
Adventures In Gideon: Life Lessons My Dog Taught Me is my first book based upon the popular blog - adventuresingideon.com.
"How to Write and Get Paid" This book will help writers find work and get started, with a focus on digital media and internet work.
Personal reflections on the gap in wealth as a result of economic oppression and how modern day "rebels" changed the equation
I would like to write and publish an e-book describing the people and personalities I will undoubtedly meet on the Appalachian trail.
If you had the opportunity to enhance the quality of life for someone with an intellectual disability, would you take it?
A young girl leaves everything familiar to travel the world, sharing life-changing experiences, lessons and quirky adventures.
A self published digital book series, each eBook is dedicated to a single species. Many photos, spores, chemical tests and more.
1000 persons in Malta & Gozo keep stray and abandoned cats healthy and limited. This photo-story book portrays their loving  work.
'Piece of Work' is about the relationship between a husband and wife and their struggles in their marriage with various addictions.
After the death of her youngest son to SIDS, Kristina shares how she figured out how to pick up the pieces and continue on with life.
Our consumer economy and command economies are based on globalization, HOMELAND ECONOMICS will be self sustaining  at the local level,.
Post-traumatic stress disorder results from consistent subjection to racist "hits" and hurt over time. Who's minding the pain?
I've spent 10 yrs of my life working in Retail. Where I've been treated like an expendable asset. I'm here to share my story.
Keeping 80 years of history helping youth across 4 countries alive - 90 años de historia de ayudar a los jóvenes a través de 4 países
Get your latest updates over at: www.givegetters.com                       "Hacking the World of Business with the Power of Generosity"
PROVIDING INDIVIDUALS WITH MOTIVATION AND ENRICHMENT WHO ENJOY WORDS OF WISDOM, MOTIVATING TOOLS AND QUOTES.  PHENOMENAL POSITIVE GUIDE
Yes, it IS possible to make a good living playing music without having a "real job." This book will get you to the promised land!!
What does a real man look like? Walk like? Talk Like. Stand for? Die For? Move heaven and earth for? You will learn all this and more..
The purpose of this grant is to fund the design and development of the website, MichiganOperaHouses.com.
3 heart attacks, skin cancer, 5 surgeries, wrongful imprisonment, 5 boats, 15 roommates...join my struggle for hope, life, endurance!
A poignant look at a man who lived his life on the fringes of society written by his daughter.
A study of How Pop culture shaped Generation X as we look back in retrospect. A full academic research project to be published.
Third in a series of "coffee-table" river books using the author's unique style of photojournalism.
I am writing a book about my son, Titus, who happens to have Autism.  A true story of faith amid the joys and challenges of our life.
Everything you need to know about Vitiligo including my story, other Vitiligoians stories and interviews with different doctors.
Falls 15', covered in concrete, covered in water, w/o oxygen 20 min. Brain dead 2x in 4 weeks. Dick returned with a message to share.
We all have received one – a letter which is simply cherished  The voices might be muted, but the words still convey sweet emotion.
"Intentional Exile" is a book for people who want to work remotely and enjoy the challenges and rewards of living in another culture.
I am writing a novel about how a cynical millennium deals with finding himself in a world he resents. A little College a little love
A step-by-step book on making a real positive change in other people's lives and your community. How to be a real life Superhero.
My family has a long list of secrets that they would rather not anybody to know. From rehab,stripping to mental illnesses. I will tell.
Gay Pride and the 21st Century.  The groundbreaking photo book documenting the Gay Pride March and the LGBT civil rights movement.
"Dancing Elephants" is a book about my search for a better way to follow Jesus. This project will fund a Bay Area release party.
"Fashionably Late" is a collection of true stories from gay, bi, and trans men who came out later in life.
Secrets from a Supernatural Love Encounter with my King.
A memoir of my mother's testament of the power of love before, during, and after brain cancer.
A mother on a crusade to save other children, even though she couldn't save her own.  This is a sad reminder that mother knows best.
The History of Politics at the Fancy Farm Picnic in Fancy Farm, KY.
Traveling at the Speed of Life is an eBook I want in print about my evolvement while bicycling the globe for a friend killed on 9/11.
Seven Gifts from Seven Dogs is inspiration for all who long to transform their lives. Which dog's gift will be your difference?
Bronze plaques and memorials deteriorate from the effects of the weather. This eBook will show how to bring them back to renewed life.
publish a series of exposing essays on the present state of our National Parks, examining the effects of current climate
"The Finest Machine" details computing's rise from converging quantum physics, materials science, and complexity theory.
I will be attending many professional football games and writing my own reports based upon what my experience was like with other fans.
Women crave true friendships but often struggle to be a true friend themselves.
What does it take to walk away from trauma? James Pradke discusses in great detail the meaning of life and the meaning of resiliency.
A journey of one woman as she changes her relationship to her work, turns her life around, discovering her passion and living her dream
Looking for a job in marketing? Learn the skills employers actually look for with this Google Adwords online course!
An exciting game dev book is nearly done, help me publish it, and be in it yourself!
The Stewards of Indigenous Resources Endowment (SIRE) works with Native Americans, educating them on Estate Planning. We need to update
A book dedicated to all the people who suffering from neurodegenerative diseases. It is not just a sad story but rather a hymn to life!
Photographer's Guide to Chester County is a collective reference guide for photographic locations in Chester County.
Bigfoot lurks in NJ. Residents need to know where, and hairy hominid fans want more proof. A cartographer has been commissioned.
Part memoir, part poetry, part travel guide, part interview: Blue Peppers will capture the essence of Macedonia.
The book is a critique of machismo and militarism from a male point of view.  Help me cover editing and publishing costs. THANK YOU!
I've lived my life with severe anxiety and depression for the last 9 years. This is the story of the struggles that I challenge.
There is a good month of research on location needed to complete the Ancestral History of the Savard family.
A humorous guide helps prevent relationship disasters by interpreting the little red flags that can lead to catastrophic consequences.
"Gay Teacher:  A Story about Love, Hate and Lessons Yet to be Learned" chronicles the compelling, tragic journey of a gay teacher.
The Perfection Paradox tells how you can overcome your addiction to ideal and reclaim the life you deserve.
See how The Blue Willow Pattern (America's favourite pattern) has been used to advertise goods and services all around the world
The Last Human Generation will describe a nexus of emerging technologies that will permanently alter the human race.
Help us spread the message of what horses can teach us about being human and finding our hearts.  It's time we listened.
Fund a three month sabbatical to write my new book about the true feminine and masculine in today's gender culture.
The young man embraced then kissed mom  and said my name is Shawn.  I am the son you lost to stillbirth - Mom was in Heaven...Literally
Why is a sex-loving woman a "slut," but a man is not? Why do we think this way? Can we help it? ...And did my BFF steal my vibrator?
An up close and personal look for those wishing for a life of wearing "the badge." Compelling stories designed to educate & inspire
Around the World in 100 Miles: World Cuisine Recipes Using Local Ingredients/creating community and sustainability one recipe at a time
The purpose of this project is to introduce people from a non-mathematics background to book 1 of Euclid's Elements. Math education.
A series of travel guides to Europe, including France, Spain, Italy and Eastern Europe.
Book series about the final resting places of the worlds famous people. Includes a brief bio, a little know facts and pictures.
I am writing the Book of Lies. I am the declassified section of the Aliza Group.  I will be disclosing and redefining items like, time.
A business bible for direct response marketing with over 100 proven techniques to generate leads fast and at low cost.
Support the creation of a print and online Magazine that will showcase an array of Plainfield’s Icons and the history of P-Funk.
It is time to re-evaluate male choices in the U.S. This project is a call to action to revive American masculinity and chivalry.
A NYC comedian and father of an autistic boy shares heart warming stories, intertwining the funny with heart wrenching realties.
A personal odyssey of failures and setbacks that became the path to success as a new entrepreneur in the digital age.
We will create an online platform - for debating, analyzing and creating ideas for wealth empowerment in the global black community
An Autobiography suggested by Johnny Depp about his seaplane pilot in The Bahamas! A life and roller-coaster ride of adventures!
An inspiring collection of stories from people with and parents/carers of children with Hydrocephalus.
Getting Kids Started with Letterboxing is a short book for parents or troop leaders to introduce kids to this treasure hunt-like hobby.
Learn ways to stay healthier despite the risks associated with long-term caregiving. Discover top challenges to caregivers' health.
Update successful self-published hiking training manual to include professional models to replace my own amateur photography.
The four worlds of Kabbalah as prayer and meditation: a practical handbook for both experienced and beginning meditators.
"3-D Blackout: The Digital Effect", is a divinely inspired book that explores how spiritual principals and science will effect Business
I have always been curious what the Bible really says. Every version I have viewed is difficult to understand. I aim to change that.
A funny book about one man's journey from fat and nearly dead to running a marathon! If you have tried and failed, this is for you!
After 20 years in private industry, I began teaching in the urban core. "Me and My Mama's Tattoo" represents the voices of my students.
Providing realistic/humorous insights for the real world: upping your street cred, great hook-up sex, how to survive in a mosh pit, etc
The book gives details on life's deepest mysteries, revealing eye-opening information that people don't know but should.
Four books containing wisdom from the masters and teachers of the last 2500 years condensed to one minute readings.
A guide book to pocket parks and community gardens in Manhattan. I will include the why, the where and photos.
Please help me right one of the several wrongs the United States Veterans Administration has perpetrated upon this nations Veterans.
At 27, my sister died & left 3 adorable babies behind. This book is her story, titled after an essay of hers found only after she died.
Malachy McCourt  said  organized labor (AuthorHouse) was "Poignant and alive, "  "I loved it, WLIU-NY, "Wonderful...Landmark Books, 4 stars Amazon.com
Radical Self Care: Making the transition from caregiver to survivor with the death of your spouse.
A year travelling with the 23yo backpacking surfer who saved hundreds of lives anticipating and warning 5mins before waves hit!
A thirty-something's journey in and out of self-actualization, and the tastes and smells that have defined those moments. Recipes too!
Raped, tortured & starved, but Lori made it back to the USA after six weeks in an IRANIAN torture camp, survival & inspiration ensues!
The strange story of a forgotten battalion of Mexican-Americans in the Civil War.
For 2 ½ years my voice was silenced after being raped in Africa. It's time to share my story in a book to spread awareness and hope.
An inspirational travel log / photo journal / workbook to encourage more families to connect & bond through travel and creative writing
The first release of this book was an individual effort.  Collaborative effort needed to release the second.
A collection of stories about internet scams and how to avoid them.
The most comprehensive account of the epic battles for Fallujah in 2004.  A tribute to the U.S. military forces who fought there.
A powerful devotional that enables you to begin each day filled with hope and joy from someone who got her joy back after losing a son
Dear Mother, a book filled with letters from adoptees to their biological mothers. Mothers they have not met.
I have a draft of an inspiring easy to read book to help employers look after their employees well. Help me publish & launch it please.
Fiction Names but a True Story..
Stories of the elderly, veterans, and the sick and lonely who are experiencing the challenges of poverty and homelessness.
Totally Awesome
My idea is simple, to get more people playing guitar! The best teach yourself Guitar Bible ever........
Scholarly book under contract with J.Ross Publishing exploring intersections between implied and physical characteristics of materials
In-depth research for upcoming book, while knee deep in an archeological dig with University of Nebraska.
A tale of cops and robbers in small-town Indiana.
This book is my about my struggle and triumph over Traumatic Brain Injury and Post Traumatic Stress Disorder
