Grounders Magazine publishes the work of young, under represented artists and connects them with an audience. We're printing Issue #3.
Our first foray into the world of publishing- A zine highlighting some of the best contemporary analog photography out there.
The second issue of the quarterly fanzine dedicated to the Amstrad CPC hits Kickstarter. And this time it's in full colour!
We've made a zine based on our experiences as two queer vegans cycle touring Europe, filled with recipes, pictures, tips and tricks.
We are a Collaboration of 8 creatives that have started a new zine called Bricoleur.
A zine with art that will provoke and inspire, as well as eye opening interviews, auto biographical essays, and other noteworthy pieces
I am publishing my own zines and need to subsidize the printing costs to make them more affordable to those who want copies!
The goddess portal is an inspirational lifestyle magazine, inspired to guide and bring Consciousness through the products we use daily
The Vegan Connections Magazine is a free quarterly vegan culture publication. We need your help to keep this a free publication!
Eight Bit Magazine celebrate 8-bit microcomputers from the 1970's to the early 90's, covering hardware, software and programming.
A brief retrospective of a slowly dying grandmother and a young girl who didn't know any better.
Cirsova Heroic Fantasy and Science Fiction Magazine Subscriptions for 2017 (Issues 5 and 6)
Zines about computer science! Each zine focuses on one concept & is filled with comics, diagrams, stories, examples, and exercises.
The Maple is a zine that explains Canada to people around the world who don't know very much about Canada.
A zine and future book about feminist writers' relationships to the artists whose misogynist work we love.
The twelfth issue of Taking the Lane explores the intersection of bicycling and religion, with surprising results.
Incandescent is a bi-annual color film zine showcasing emerging photographers.
A prototyping kit (stories, supplies, and source files) for empowering curious grrls to design & hack together their own mobile apps.
Book collecting every issue of hilarious zine from goth industrial clubs, science fiction geek nerd cons, and punk group houses.
a zine devoted to Wes Anderson *fiction//nonfiction//poetry//art*
A collaborative zine and interactive tour of the PNW with Joshua James Amberson and Alexis Wolf of Basic Paper Airplane & Ilse Content.
SIXPENNY wants to bring substance and real feeling to the in-between parts of your day, with illustrated short stories.
Get access to the top lessons, tips, and advice from the world's greatest entrepreneurs compiled into one beautifully designed book.
Your chance to learn more about steam punk and the Victorian era for your own creative projects and cosplay direct from London.
BROWN RICE MAGAZINE is a healthy food and lifestyle zine that is printed and distributed in NYC.
Seven writers. Twenty one baseball cards. One really old piece of gum.
A handmade quarterly zine about movies, the craft of filmmaking, and a behind-the-scenes glimpse at movies I helped produce.
100 copies of a risograph-printed zine for you to love and cherish.
Aus Liebe is a quarterly art publication that is only available in print.
Help me make a zine about all the animals that have been sent into space!
Because the world needs a lo-fi tribute to everyone's favorite meal.
Let's get together to make the Raging Platypus Magazine N° 3! A collection of stories, photoreportages, comics and other creations!
The Lush Scoop is a cruelty-free lifestyle magazine exploring Food, Culture & the Arts.
HANNAH is a beautiful biannual print book that will add important voices to the ongoing narrative about Black women—our own.
A collection of 4 zines, filled with hand drawn interviews and observations centered around 1 thought-provoking question each quarter.
Cottage Hill is a national wedding and lifestyle publication celebrating lives worthy of an elegant and meaningful legacy.
Since 2002, Stolen Sharpie Revolution has been the go-to guide for zines and zine culture. Help bring the 5th edition to print!
Two print editions done and our third's so much fun! 
Help Kickstart Edition Two of Curium Magazine!
Recorder is a new independent bi-annual music print magazine exploring one artist at a time through artwork, illustration & literature.
An illustrated literary humor mag birthed by contributors to McSweeney's, Funny or Die, SNL, College Humor, and The Onion News Network.
A series of alternate NBA realities inspired by Italo Calvino's "Invisible Cities."
We're bringing back the premier dark art magazine of the '90's with updates on previous features as well as new interviews from today.
A monthly zine about philosophy, design, humor, and social insects, delivered to your door for one year.
An indie publisher of new, short writing. We hand-make tiny books in tiny boxes & need to fix a vintage cigarette machine to sell them.
A multimedia collection of stories, interviews, and guides that vibrantly portrays the lives and worlds of young Chinese creatives.
We're creating a magazine that focuses on building women up by sharing their stories and featuring attainable lifestyle content.
Brazen Magazine is a feminist arts and culture magazine that celebrates and embraces the impact of women on today's culture.
A feminist arts zine, which pays its contributors a fair wage. Committed to grassroots activism, leftist solidarity & saving the bees.
Interviews with musicians, cartoonists, & others about balancing family life & artistic careers.
A platform for the LGBTQ+ minority to have their creative voices heard. A published collaboration free from prejudice, full of love.
A quiet word with the loudest new faces in town.
ORANGE is an independent lifestyle magazine produced by students at The University of Texas at Austin. Help us bring it to print!
DIY zine notebook exploring self-worth with humor and STICKERS!
Discover Japanese cuisine with me, as I travel across the land of the Rising Sun!
Momma Bear Magazine: a print publication dedicated to providing hope for motherhood.
The summer issue of Comestible is all about origin, focusing on where some of our favorite foods - wine, chocolate, coffee - come from.
A new quarterly fanzine dedicated to everyone's favourite (well, mine at least!) 8-bit computer, the Amstrad CPC.
Hue Journal is a bi-annual publication that celebrates fresh perspectives on modern style and lived space.
The IPRC has to move! Help us make the transition.
A campaign to end all 8-sided paper snowflakes
Provencial is a high quality quarterly zine that seeks to inspire balance between work and rest and a creatively simplified lifestyle.
We created a magazine for seasonal workers in Ketchikan, Alaska. We want to create a website for seasonal workers around the world!
Sedition. A bi-annual zine that celebrates the desires of fashion and art photography.
A magazine for weirdos! With behind the scene stories about hot rodders, rock and rollers and the creative crazies fueling the culture.
Headcase is a beautiful website and app that's blitzing and re-branding the face of mental health forever. Read all about it below...
We are The Soon-To-Be Pretentious Writers Club. With your help we can publish our first collection of original short stories!
Original games, fiction, and artwork focusing on the correlation between technology, magic, and social issues through a cyberpunk lens.
The magazine for 8-bit computer enthusiasts covering classic computers like the Apple II, Commodore 64, CPC, Sinclair Spectrum and more
Dear Anonymous is a zine series featuring letters to lost loves, crappy doctors, old stuffed animals, and more. Help get #4 into print.
Het eerste onafhankelijke RUGBY. tijdschrift in Nederland met journalistiek karakter. Weet wat er speelt!
"Nasty woman" became a feminist rallying cry during the 2016 U.S. election. I'm creating a feminist magazine by and for nasty women.
A historical zine that examines how the poetry of (rather angsty) teenagers has been both mercurial and timeless, from 1915 up to today
Guide to Being Broke & Fabulous is a contemporary self-help zine which aims to navigate modern life on a serious budget - BUT IN STYLE.
www.districtmagazine.ie are excited to make the step to print media.

84 high quality pages, exploring different concepts of 'home'.
OUTLAW is a literary zine merging skateboarding and creative literature, creating a home for the genre-bending deviant.
ESC zine is fundraising for ESC #5, a purely literary issue, and Postal ESC, a collaborative mail art issue!
Dismal Voyage is a zine collecting black and white art about various spooky topics. This first issue is all about murder.
Pour ce premier numéro, toute la rédaction s’est mise à la recherche des personnes créatives que nous avions juste à côté de chez nous.
La route sans fin relate les innombrables chroniques de concerts, et d'expositions d'un auteur 100 % rocker indépendant : Ged.
We're rebranding @FNDmag to be something bigger and better.  But we need your help to make it happen!
A magazine dedicated to sharing the stories of entrepreneurs from colleges and universities globally.
A full colour printed magazine covering all topics regarding eight bit microcomputers from the 70's to the early 90's.
A ZINE ABOUT ACTION FILMS, from Schwarzenegger and Stallone, to Van Damme and Dolph Lungren, to The Rock, and obscure VHS stuff.
PALS MAGAZINE is an ode to the beauty of friendship created by documentarian Stella Malfilatre.
It's time for a new issue of my randomly published 'zine, Bad Influence. Everything in this issue will be inspired by Frida Kahlo!
We are fanatical about publishing positive, diverse experiences, memories and opinions from the beautiful game of Football.
A photo series of American church signs & the people behind them, taken on a 2 months road trip across America.
A graphic novella that queers the notion of "terrorism," and explores identity in terms of trauma, sex, and community.
'Venue to Menu' - The Illustrated Musicians Recipe Booklet by Gutfeelings Zine
Please help us provide the printed platform for creators, makers, and doers in our community to share their passions!
The Scranton Zine Fest is a radical breakthrough on the streets of the Electric City. Get a pen, a photocopier and show us some 'tude!
feminist/art mini mag comprised of content from contributors, focusing on encouraging positive feminisms, inclusivity & accessibility.
Pop Culture Puke's one year anniversary print issue.
Issue 6 of High Tension, the Massachusetts-based literary/art zine, will be printed in 500 copies. Help us fund this endeavor.
A zine about pop star crushes with writing by women & queer people
A print publication celebrating the art of being human in a post-net world & showcasing the best of independent creativity.
What's missing from the young creative culture in welly? A place for ideas to grow and be shared, food and drink for koha, a good buzz!
Rising Tide has created a publication about fossil fuel terminals and opposition along the northern Pacific coast. Help us print it!
A bi-monthly independent collector's magazine that promotes the art and culture of cosplay around the world.
This project is about growing the music fanzine 'Futurepast'. The aim is to increase the audience and get more printed.
Issue three of the zine for people who spend far to much time thinking about a weekend of punk rock in Gainesville.
Cirsova is taking pre-orders for the second issue of its a newly launched semi-pro market for Pulp adventure stories.
UNDERCLASS: The Periodical Journal of Leamington Underground Cinema. Obscure movies, art and more in quarterly issues.
Help me teach a workshop at the North American Permaculture Convergence. Receive a printed copy of my essay...
This lil' zine aims to showcase heartfelt poetry, short stories, etc, and will be independently printed and distributed free of charge.
This is not another magazine. It's a creative platform, where photographers and artists tell their stories. Personal and unpolished.
The Pink Monkey is a magazine based on a joke based on a true story about an epic voyage - hilarious and engaging, with an ending.
View aims to bring together a collection of fresh young creatives from across the world into a collective riso printed book project.
A PHOTOGRAPHIC ESCAPADE. IMAGES THAT HIGHLIGHT THE STARK CONTRAST OF NATURE AND INDUSTRIALISATION IN EASTERN & WESTERN EUROPE.
Make a D.I.Y sailing zine while I sail S/V Narwhali across Vancouver Island gathering stories, knowledge, & mailing letters!
A rad music zine that's more about the photographs and includes hilarious interviews.  Your soon to be favorite bands will all be here.
Between 2012-13 I crossed the country twice hitchhiking and driving a tiny truck over country roads photographing roadside memorials.
for my next zine I'm collabing w/ Bay Area artist Gamera, help us raise the funds in time for Canzine Canada's largest zine fest at AGO
crater, the journal of a shallow depression, is a publishing project of dubious origins.
I'm a proud Schizophrenic and a radical, absurd scifi writer. My zine will have short stories and poems as well as Mental Health essays
I am creating a collective cultural magazine that includes the arts, journalism, music, and skateboarding. Let's create something!
Zine for those seeking an alternative perspective of life in Paris for young English-speakers, away from the typical tourist trail.
2 Zines: 1) A comic about love, kink, queerness, polyamory, & marriage; & 2) a poetry & art ode to the homosexual appeal of Hemingway.
Kaixo! We are Charlie and Camille, sharing the Basque culture and events with English speaking toursist in one easy to read newsletter!
Cirsova is launching a new semi-pro market for Pulp adventure stories.  Print and digital Sci-Fi Sword & Planet/Heroic Fantasy Zine.
Simpsons season one episodes all reviewed in glossy zine, all taken from my popular blog.
Cygnus Alpha, the scifi fanzine from the '80s is back and needs your help to give it a solid foundation for future issues and stability
A new publication dedicated to "shitposting" as an art form. To contain submissions from Oxford and beyond. The title is provisional.
Frontier Journal:  A free quarterly journal that challenges you to 'live, explore + discover'.
An innovative, cutting-edge new publication, featuring social commentary through graphic journalism, photography and writing.
"Between two evils, I generally like to pick the one I've never tried before." It's the Notorious Woman Issue of Bad Influence!
Creating a new quarterly print/digital (maga)zine focusing on DIY/Indie music, arts, and other like minded folks. Based in Chicago.
Design & Lifestyle: 60% Clean, 40% Dirty
A collaboration between sisters, an Artist and a Poet, with hopes of creating a movement that pushes the boundaries within the Arts.
NoGG is an experimental art zine created by a collective of LA-based designers whose only theme is a lack thereof - anything goes.
The IPRC's prison-writing program empowers incarcerated men with creative writing, self-publishing, and communication skills.
A new, creative publication designed to empower people to think and talk more about social relationships.
Help The Grand Newsstand publish a book-a real book! And save us from stapling it all together ourselves.
Alfa is a men's lifestyle magazine that aims to inspire and entertain the modern day gentleman.
An exciting new independent record store guide bringing together collectors, record store owners and artists in London.
This Semester the Boycott, Divestment, Sanctions chapter at Earlham college will be publishing a zine entitled "the Earlham Beat."
SEINE is a print publication exploring women’s creative spaces featuring 15 interviews and portraits of influential women in the arts.
SVP's student ran submission based magazine. This is to prove to everyone what the English department and Spectral Visions can do!
Publication dedicated to showcasing and increasing opportunity for artists; printed quarterly, digital updates frequently.
We want to give fans of grime music the chance to read, in depth, about the people that make the music they love.
Normale is an indepedent lifestyle magazine celebrating successful women in the arts by featuring interviews and artwork by women.
Förändringens vindar blåser allt starkare i både Europa och USA. Hjälp till att sprida viktiga idéer även till svenska politiker.
You know he’s got a bad reputation. Walks-around-always-mad reputation. Starts-a-fight-with-a-pap reputation.
Creating the world's best magazine on fine black and white photography for iOS and Android.
A magazine that explores current issues through fashion. The first edition being all about Muslim modest fashion. Get involved!
Help support After Nyne by pledging towards six month's running expenses on this acclaimed fashion-forward webzine
GEEKED is best when you can flip through it, dog-ear its pages, or read it on the train. We're coming back to print in a big way!
An alternative wedding & lifestyle magazine combining creative wedding inspiration, tattooed beauty, and hook ups for the groom.
The magazine will publish several short stories on a monthly basis. It will be distributed free of charge on the London Underground.
Four issues full of high-quality tales like those in Rod Serling's Twilight Zone and Night Gallery. Short stories, articles, reviews.
Uncovered is a collaborative project that invites artists to imagine a work of literature in a new and creative way.
A zine about living with autism.
Gay Chic – a monthly digital lifestyle magazine focused on gay entertainment, food, and culture. Classy, creative, and a little quirky.
Help us reprint this long out-of-print and rare issue of Crap Hound + a 20-page addendum with all new material!
This lil' zine is growing up and becoming more accessible. If I can get money to print all 2017 issues, it'll be distributed for free!
10th year anniversary!!! Second Edition. Get this essential radical parenting and community zine anthology back in print again!
ANNA is here to guide the modern young woman through all of the relationships in her life.

Self.Family.Friends.Love.Workplace.
Creative Rejects is a free digital art magazine, which showcases visual arts, performing arts and literary works from around the world.
DFM glamour on its roots.
Upgrading Plasma Frequency Magazine from Semi-Pro to Pro by increasing the amount we pay our authors from 1 cent to 6 cents per word.
Printing & distributing issue 1 of our art magazine focusing on "The New Earth Renaissance." Help us start this GLOBAL ART PUBLICATION.
Bitchtopia Mag is in need of *major* updates! We're renaming the site Rose Water and hoping to turn our team members into employees.
Who are we? We are a collective based out of Chicago and Oakland. We want to bring exposure to talent that is out there.
Healing the planet with words. Writing them, reading and sharing them, to encourage the contagious infection of joy in others.
Help us reach our goal to bring our magazine, that will look into creatively interpreting the theme of acceptance, to life!
Vær sikker på at få fingrene i det trykte program til FLAB 2015!  Begrænset oplag på 250 stk.
The residue of a creative's hard work.
A magazine with proven strategies for improving your health with every single meal you eat, regardless of time, budget or eating plan.
A new Fantasy fiction magazine focusing on independent authors and artists. Featuring the best in up and coming literature and art.
Nouveau magazine dédié à la culture de la course à pied et de l’athlétisme.
Love U Magazine is a new fashion magazine that believes in empowering women of all sizes, by promoting positive body images.
Orgcore Magazine is a Chicago-based free, non-profit magazine centering around local and national punk/pop punk music
Playgeek Magazine is a glossy magazine with tasteful photos of machines undressing in a classy setting.
An independent, community-driven digital magazine dedicated to the experience of adventure. Drive | Ride | Paddle | Hike
Soul Reflectionz is currently a blog that highlights the beauty of Black and Caribbean culture that I want to turn into a magazine.
A zine for you by you. Crowd funded and crowd created. You're more than welcome to contribute art, photos, stories, Articles anything.
thinktank is creative communication through interactive storytelling: we want to create, publish, share the content in website format
Queremos hacer de nuestro pequeño rincón tu propio espacio Únete a nosotros para poder vivir la versión más bonita de tu vida.
Celebrating the collated creative output of young people.
Humboldt's finest zine that rolls humor, art, and a guide to beyond the Redwood Curtain, place by place.
Black Owned Media Magazine promoting the uplifting of Black Business & Culture
An electronic magazine company that delivers exclusive chapters from  authors straight to you on a monthly basis. SUBSCRIBE NOW
A Campaign to build the official PlayStation 4 Magazine Apps.Help us create the best PS4 news Apps for the 40 m+ strong #PS4Nation!
After many years, Point Of Interest Zine and Distro is coming out of retirement and ready to start publishing again.
Austin is a community of colorful and adventurous people with a true thirst for life and we want to share Austin with those people.
Anime Monthly is a magazine created by geeks for geeks! We strive to bring you the up to date news on all things anime, conventions,
A Complete Guide for Gamers, Anime Lovers & Tech Enthusiasts. Top Attractions & Japan Secrets. Digital & Print, now with Video Guides!
We focus on local people & businesses, events, entertainment, dining, art, & health. Keeping you connected to everything local!
Hello! So this is a new zine about how the UK isn't paying attention to creative education!
Revolutionary Arts Magazine/ Featuring breakthrough musicians, up and coming directors, writers and artists/ Love Music N Try Breaking
Time Attack Magazine for iPad is the new worldwide magazine featuring one of the fastest growing formats of Motorsport.
Pagan Forest Magazine is a new online publication dedicated to bringing credible information to Pagans from every walk of life!
A local monthly themed magazine featuring indy film makers, writers, game developers, podcasters, artists and more.
The Morgan is reaching out for your help to continue creating and making issues of The Morgan Magazine as well as our website.
A community driven eZine bringing together creative minds that range from authors of fiction and digital artists alike.
Open History, a team of student historians, want to  produce a history magazine and Youtube channel to teach 11-99 year old students.
The negativity surrounding the Financial Planning Profession is in NO-ONE's best interests.  Its time to change the story!
The Cue Times provides news, features and instructional articles celebrating amateur pool players in an entertaining presentation.
There are six essential steps you will need when developing online income. Let me show you how to effectively build, brand and bank.
We want to create and maintain the #1 Interactive Model Experience. This is what #WhatsNext Magazine is all about. And we're excited!
The only comprehensive monthly round up of NFL & College Football in the UK, available to download on PC/Mac, Tablets & Smartphone.
CAMPUSGAL, is a niche magazine dedicated to political and social views of young women's and LGTB issues across the board.
Cos Culture Magazine is an independent creative digital and print magazine dedicated to promoting the art and culture of cosplay.
Conflict analysis for the people. A graphical companion to "Fall of the U.S. Empire-And Then What?" by Johan Galtung.
An underground zine publishing company run out of my sketchy white van! Comics, poetry, prose, non-fiction, art, DIY, dissident voices.
An introverted novella about Eggnorm Hassel, diamond smuggling and a chicken.
Reggae's 1st Interactive Digital Magazine! Exclusive behind-the-scene video interviews and photo shoots with reggae's hottest artists.
Raw & UnKut Magazine is a platform for rising & secured talent in the Bay Area that has not had media exposure to flourish & thrive.
Be a part of a revolution! Help Publish Future Issues of B-Sides Magazine!
We are creating a small magazine full of incredible artists, musicians and artisans. We want to connect them to a larger audience.
stream-of-consciousness about trying to be a productive member of society but actually being a disaster all the time
Love 360: The Magazine is the interactive publication about love, sex, and relationships.
information, understanding, and acceptance of mental illness plus robots, space,and man's profound capacity for beauty or shittiness.
This is a Zine about what me and my peers are doing in Memphis TN in 2015 -Skatin',Grafflti,Electronics and LOADS of Street Photography
Shesique is founded by  Leigh Hickombottom, whos goal is to bridge style, fitness and wellness for all diversities of women empowered
A compilation of Rutgers University spooky stories, pictures, drawings and more, all produced by Rutgers students, alumni and staff.
Worship Trans brings a section the Transgender community’s opinion on orthodox religion and what part it plays, if any, in their lives.
A magazine made about Cons for Cosplayers by Cosplayers.
An erotic publication like no other -  depraved, tantilizing, and elegant.
If hacker culture fascinates you, if you take apart devices just to see how they work. You will ♥ HackerZine! Please join us.
Celebrating the art + community of blogging. To create, inspire, connect and encourage women. They are enough, they belong.
Seit 2 Generationen werden wir bewußt vergiftet. Wir haben zuerst die Harvard-Studien publiziert. Das reicht nicht. NUN EXPANSION!
The Dapifer is the world's most diverse fashion magazine and website. Why? Because, that's the way it should be.
Magazine centré sur la spiritualité universelle, histoire anciens astronautes, interview, science quantique, enquête sur l'histoire ...
Wij zoeken sponsoren voor onze deelname aan de Tulpen Rally 2016. De Tulpen Rally word uitgezonden op RTL7 met 4 afleveringen.
Yep, 53 million people work as freelancers in the US alone. This magazine will be the Entrepreneur magazine for freelancers! Join us!
A magazine dedicated to sharing the stories of entrepreneurs from colleges and universities globally.
Digital Magazines with itineraries, built by bloggers to ignite your travels.  Optimized for tablets, available online and off.
Alpha/Omega Magazine is a digital & hard-copy fashion book showcasing the collaborative work of So Cal Fashion Industry Creatives.
An online zine for nerds & fangirls that celebrates all things fandom! Fashion, interviews, inspirational stories, recipes, & more!
Guys have questions about women and dating. The Man Stylist blog, newsletter & online chat have the answers. Advice by a woman for men.
This project will establish a sustainable collection of feminist zines on WKU's campus, to make radical literature accessible to all!
A guide to show all the "Elite" tattoo shops, artists and events that are in the Western New York area.
The Indigo CLCTV is a magazine incorporating art, culture, & social issues. Our mission: thinking, speaking, and living with awareness.
I have 90 web destinations which I'd like to develop into meaningful and educational news, blog, portal destinations. Can you help?
Mu Magazine is where people come to explore culture. Creative Economy in action, where creativity has the most leverage.
The Swagazine... Where to find your Swag, and the places to put it on BLAST
We believe that the football clubs and their fans in the West Midlands need better representation, and that's what we will provide!
Tattoos by "Professional Tattooists Only" to highlight quality work from artists all around Ireland.
Have you read Rock Thiz Magazine?  
Rock Thiz covers all your latest pop culture news ranging from sports, food, fashion, film and more
Tubed Zine - Is full with photoshoots and interviews with Youtube's most recognisable faces and emerging talents from across the globe.
Edinburgh based zine, serving as a platform for local artists and performers.
A magazine which aims to share the lesser known, more interesting facts in order to feed your curiosity (but not kill the cat).
A fan based g.l.b.t. horror  zine/publication.which includes giveaways & promotional items.
OLIFT is the best print and digital magazine for Olympic weightlifting. 

#OLIFT #RaiseTheBar
#1 Selling Bully breed magazine is Creating the 1st "pop up bully" hard cover book. Join our pack!
The PALM (Professional And Leisure Magazine) is a Lifestyle publication serving local, young professionals in South Florida
a magazine dedicated to the modern kind folk mother
A free, community based gaming magazine that publishes art and literature in Science Fiction, Steam Punk, Fantasy, and Gothic Horror.
A zine for young witches-in-training, discovering the places where they belong and leading a self-sufficient life.
Maritime Fan-Demonium Bi-Annual is a 44 page magazine that focuses on  the Maritime geek community. It’s two times the fun a year!
This Freelancer Life is an innovative magazine to help freelancers achieve a better work-life balance, from job to wellness advice.
Help Create our Debut issue for Emerald City Monthly, a new wave of interactive Print media for to be launched at Emerald City Comicon
A Wiki meant for Hospital compliance pros and all involved in or concerned with revenue cycle management. Free registration required.
By Bob For Bob is a free forum for everyone to contribute to and benefit from by to providing reliable and trustworthy information.
I'm a proud Schizophrenic and a radical, absurd scifi writer. My zine will have short stories and poems as well as Mental Health essays
The bite-size, 100% organic, gluten-free, eco-friendly, grass-fed, sticky-icky, uber-cheezy, doober-beefy, anti-vegan love note.
St Petian is a quarterly publication that celebrates the culture and people of St. Petersburg, FL.
A publication of inspiring women from across the world with the sole intention of directing us back to the roots of who we are.
Sensitive Adult Daily is non-for-profit blog aimed to support & educate young "sensitive" adults (18-25yo) & those with mental illness
La Vie Chic is a women's digital magazine that takes readers of an enticing visual journey touching on fashion, travel and decor
A Lifestyle Magazine for Lowlifes

 We are artists, skateboarders, travelers & general weirdos. This is the mag that we want to read.
Our goal is to create a western performance E-zine that provides our readers with all the breeding information they need
Newcastle based, freely distributed magazine showcasing best of graffiti, street art, skate/bmx, music and urban exploration.
Confessions is a brand new, alternative magazine with an aim to promote the live music venue within The Parish.
My goal, to create a limited monthly magazine with illegal graffiti from all around the world.everything from wholecars to tags.
HearSay needs YOUR help! We are trying to get a new site off the ground but we still need a little help! Support Us!
Stay Healthy Magazine is all about Mind, Body & Fitness...Get the latest in mind, body & fitness! Pros & Cons, fact & fiction of mainta
Creating a physical media platform for musicians, by musicians to promote the dedicated Canadian musicians starting right here in BC
The Fantasy Football Fools Guide is a free phone app that provides useful and insightful information for fantasy football players.
OV magazine is the international gathering of extraordinary people making the world better a better place through Human Sustainability.
ODROID Magazine is available monthly in a digital edition at magazine.odroid.com. However, many people would like a print subscription.
To offer the world a new national holiday on paper entitled "Twerkday"
Developing a print cushion to help in the early stages of our magazine
It is free to read and share. So far 11 issues published. Funding is needed to keep us afloat until it starts to make money via ads.
Theme Parks and More Magazine is going to give you information on your favorite theme parks, Disney, collecting, and so much more!
Portal with all websites, blogs, (online) shops, book reviews and whatever you can think related to wicca, fantasy, gothic, alternative
FLWR Zine is a monthly digital publication dedicated to highlighting young artists
French Kiss is a Chicago based magazine that features the hottest in underground, trending and rising talent.
Sharing heart-felt stories of remarkable people making a big difference in unusual ways. Inspirational, educational, and entertaining.
Our jobs suck and I will chronicle it and deliver to your door every month. Fresh with picture of people doing worthless tasks.
Zelva is a literary and cultural movement made by teenagers of 12 to 17 years old, wich objetive is to promote young Colombian writers.
A new independent magazine breaking the boundaries in what to expect in the ultimate car magazine to keep dreams alive!
To take Twisted Edge from a digital and overpriced online print to an affordable, market viable option.
Merkel muss gehen. Dieses Projekt dient zum Aufbau und den Betrieb einer professionellen Webseite um allen Ihre Fehler zu verdeutlichen
Ddehns ist in Deutschlands erstes Digital-Lifestyle Magazin unter der Regie von echten Verkäufern für echte Verkäufer.
Hello all, we are an agro-focused magazine based in MS. Our 1st issue was a success. We're a start-up in a highly competitive area.
I'm creating a magazine for Gospel Artists advertising blogs, events, awards, inspirational quotes, etc...from Gospel Artists Worldwide
Ebook mit Computer Bildern ... Grafiken ... hübsche Frauen .... ArtWork Berlin 2015
This project is the beginning of a emagazine that will present to readers new and upcoming technology.
We're raising funds to produce the 12th issue of our little 'zine with teeth, full of weird and wonderful stories and art.
STUDIO BUMS™. It's like a music seminar in print every quarter.  Stay relevant!
#FilmIsNotDead Fashion, Lifestyle, & Culture Magazine. Film Comes  Alive In Print.
▼BI FURIOUS▼ is a queer zine for queer folk. We're going to feature stories, illustrations, photography, and more!
Help publish future issues of B-Sides Magazine! Keep print and DIY alive! B-Sides is starting a revolution! Be a part of the movement!
Glitter Girl is a new Zine focusing on female empowerment and how to get by in the modern world.
The Underdog: A digital Magazine for Detroit and the people who proudly call it home. Full of hope, inspiration and positive narratives
Headcase is a beautiful website and app that's blitzing and re-branding the face of mental health forever. Read all about it below...
The Running Stories has been supporting runners and races for two years and we are now looking to redevelop the site to be even better.
Promoting the incredible music of the Albuquerque Scene, through photos and prose, in a free publication. Printing fundage needed.
Emboss Magazine is a digital and on-demand print publication that chronicles the evolution of art in the global creative sphere.
"Follow your inner moonlight; don't hide the madness." It's the Art Journal Madness Issue of Bad Influence zine!
We are creating a new Fashion, Style Magazine. The bridge linking the impossible to the possible. To make our readers dream big.
Dealer of all things cool: self empowerment, Art, Music, & Fashion. A lifestyle magazine. Read and shop here. #GoodVibesOnly
A D V E N T U R E M O B I L E // Snow. Skate. Surf. Camp. Explore. Passion. Purpose. Photograph. Film. Art. Culture.
I'm making 5 different free science fiction zines: 5 titles, each one a 100-issue serial. Each issue will have ~300 copies printed.
BLOGGERSEdit a FREE blogger magazine.
Volunteer journalists have published stories which inspire 59K+ FB followers. Please fund us so we can pay our journalists.
Support the arts, support Savvy! We want to pay our writers and photographers and become an ad-supported travel-share community!
London Arts Tube: Real time online guide for anyone visiting London. Features best prices on shows, museum opening times with videos.
Seit 2 Generationen werden wir bewußt vergiftet. Wir haben das 1975 UN Mass-Destruction Protokoll gefunden. EXPANSION JOBS NEWSAGENCY
