English translation of the best-selling historical novel by acclaimed Norwegian author Tor Åge Bringsværd
vopio helps you when you can't ask for help. With one click, it goes back in time and shows you what people told you.
"TSARINA" sold 100 000+ copies in German & was Nr.1 of a bestselling list. Let's translate it into English & get it global!
This 159-page eBook from Smashwords with an appendix "Myths of the Economy" deserves a paperback edition https://www.smashwords.com
The Golden Ratio format of the Bible project has already been successful! Funds are needed now for the next phase.
An English translation of the book, "Con Nuestros Propios Esfuerzos" (With Our Own Efforts).
Translation of a fantasy trilogy already written in italian language. The first book is already been published in italy.
I found this handwritten journal from 1939 in Finland written in Swedish documenting the opening shots of WWII. Help get it translated!
A love story between Brazil & Canada. Helping me translate this novel, you spread love, values, romance and turn my dream into reality.
I want to teach young people about credit and how to establish credit without going in to debt as well as how to get out of debt.
Interest in translating in English my novel to be able to publish and sell all over the world
Translation of 1976 published book from Hungarian language to English language and publish in America
A version of the Bible translated into the 21st century's version of the English language.
Living with cluster headaches - How I found my way as a sufferer of this incredible and awful pain. Translate a book into english.
I hope to help the Hispanic community with their real estate purchase. I plan to break the language barrier and help brokers sell homes
The fastest way to learn Spanish for building construction!
We want to help spread the philosophy of liberty and self-ownership among people who read and speak Spanish as their first language.
We intend to publish three new key works by philosopher Alexander Dugin — with your help.
We as a successfull german stock market newsletter publisher want expand in the US market!
Erstellung einer deutschen Übersetzung ( Lesbarmachung ) des Buches Finnegans Wake von James Joyce. Die Umsetzung erfolgt 1 zu 1.
A Global Common Tongue. Giving everyone on the planet the power to communicate with anyone on the planet anywhere on the planet..
Translate to Spanish and edit 100 copies of book Recursive Frame Analysis: A Practitioner's Tool for Mapping Therapeutic Conversation
King's Hope, a novel about a deadly poker tournament. How would you play poker if your life depended on it?
A Hong Kong publisher plans to publish the Chinese version of "Flight MH370 Did Not Disappear", written by Florence de Changy.
Poly is open source, modern software built to share and learn languages in text and video. (Tax-deductible)
Never before published! Three rare 16th c tailoring manuscripts translated into English, with photos, diagrams, and descriptive text.
Translating Moby Dick into Japanese Emoji Icons using Amazon's Mechanical Turk.
The project is aimed at translating and publishing contemporary Arabic short stories in their original and translated versions
Awakening: the first 3-Volume English language translation of Malkhas’s classic 1933 Armenian novel, Zartonk (Զարթօնք).
A project to print and share our Spanish translation with original artwork inspired by the text. All books printed will be gifted.
Based on a true story: A British shipwreck, a fearless Argentinian diver and an Australian who wants to know the truth. Now in English!
This travel guide takes you to the places where Jane Austen lived, worked and visited, and the (film) locations of her novels.
A century's worth of never before translated, quality Russian science fiction. No political agendas. Just great stories.
Réédition et traduction française de la norme graphique conçue par Danne & Blackburn pour le redesign de la NASA en 1975.
Intuitive, interactive learning tool for Elvish and any other fictional or existing language. A language teacher's favorite toolkit.
More and more people dare to trust the power of love. Do you?
Support the translation of this book from Dutch to English. Thank you!
Imagine reading a book in English that progressively introduces you to more and more Spanish as you read.
International English edition of the first book in the world about The Alan Parsons Project, originally written in Italian language.
Publishing a new translation of fragments from Saxo Grammaticus' Gesta Danorum on pre-Christian religion and mythology of the Slavs
The next frontier for cheese: harnessing natural microbes to make cheeses that are not only safe, but exceptional and unique.
Creating Communication Cards for Syrian Families and all of those who would like to work with them. Sponsor families, healthcare, etc.
THE MOST COMPLETE reference for textile fibers will now be translated to ENGLISH // Find the right fabric for your customers need
Spreading compassion and Buddha's teachings by translating and distributing my spiritual book to underprivileged Indian Buddhists.
A fully-illustrated English translation of Latin America's most beloved children's book, "Cuentos de la Selva” by Horacio Quiroga.
Vi vill släppa en fysisk utgåva av magasinet Bandyportföljen på arabiska för att introducera bandyn för fler människor i Sverige.
This novel is a mesmerizing intelectual trip into our sexual psychology. Any contribution can help to bring it to life in English too.
The Slums of Palo Alto is a memoir about the dark side of startups, of silicon valley, but how continued failure can make you happy
To protest attacks on cultural events and books, we are publishing a series of Banned Literature in Translation.
This is an effort to get Guillaume Faye's three latest titles translated and published as soon as possible.
Never before published in English! The methods the legendary Cagliostro used to successfully predict lottery results in the 1700's.
Print edition of the first Spanish translation of Semper's Der Stil, a 19th century architecture textbook, with added material.
An event at King's College London to launch the novel Dark Vales by Raimon Casellas, a Catalan classic newly translated into English.
The Three Little Pigsburghers is the first classic tale translated into Pittsburghese.  As written and illustrated by Joe Wos.
A series of never before published translations of the work of Václav Havel: five new books, including most of Havel’s important works.
The first English language translation of the 1810 Grimm Manuscripts
A story about computer science and other improbable things. We're raising money for translation of the book into Spanish.
Funding for the English translation of the French language nonfiction book "Reagan/Gorbachev, Reykjavik 1986", published in Oct. 2016.
Lingo Phrasebook Playing Cards are the simple way to learn a new language and the perfect companion for any overseas adventure.
Omdat het leven in België vastliep en ik dringend nood heb aan rust, ruimte en ... de huurwaarborg voor 1 november...
The world needs an emoji translation engine. Help us build it using the power of crowdsourcing.
Take an expedition beyond common images of Iran through a colorfully designed travel book of unexpected experiences & inspiring stories
Translation & publication of possibly the most famous piece of English literature - Act II Scene II of Romeo and Juliet into txt-speak.
Will more people read the Bible if it were translated into Emoticons?
The White coat and the battle dress uniform
I traveled, I took pictures, I met people, I ate. Then I wrote a travel journal that needs editing, translation, and publishing.
A translation of the legendary series of chess books "General Treatise on Chess" by R. Grau. A complete chess course for all levels.
Modern Literal Translation of the 1st Book of the Torah in English and Russian with sub-linear and interlinear layout.
Let's translate this book! A fundamental guide to existential workspaces: how to recover efficiency generating environmental well-being
There have been an exorbident number of translations of this most beautiful poem though none have ever been done by a nineteen year old
“Climbing Silver!”- An English translation of the Young Adult Shogi novella
I need funds to publish a book based on a selection of sentences from the Gospel demonstrating that Christianity is a strong religion.
Create an open source "interlinear" translation fo the Greek New Testament in re-publishable and open source database format.
This is a Series of 6 Books on Blessed Oscar A. Romero`s Writings. This Project will help to pay the translation costs of Volume 2.
glenn's  book of quotes is designed to give the readers a thought for the day , lighten the mood  and put a smile  on their faces.
Digitization of 8 rare Siddha Yoga books written by a Yogi - coming in the lineage of Sri Sri Sri Sadhasiva Brahmendra himself!
¿Y si hubiera una camino intermedio entre ciencia y religion?
Descubre la respuesta ayudando a publicar y traducir este libro.
Argentinian Author Seeks to Tour America to Educate on Women’s Sexuality in Latin America / Autora Argentina Busca Gira en EEUU
Help me butcher Shakespeare in a satirical fashion.
English translation of "The Escape to Myanmar", a fictive novel about people from Sweden who arrive in Myanmar/Burma as war refugees.
Protecting children from sexual abuse through the medium of story telling; accessing 20% of the world's population through translation.
Help fund me to destroy the monopoly Rupert Murdoch has over the publication of modern bibles. I have a new one to rival the NKJV.
A short book of practical mantras that can be used every day of the week. Mantras are cogwheels of universal engines.
Translation  Thai language to English and other languages of the story (written by me) about" Promote Travel & Business in America"
The World of Sharks is an interactive eBook for the iPad and Mac. It shall be translated into english to make it available worldwide.
The book with advices that can save many lives.
You will find here many case studies, extreme situations and solutions.
My father wrote a book about raising a blind child. I, as a professional translator, am going to write it in English for everyone.
A guy in his 30's tries to live his "American Dream", but quickly it turns into a nightmare. (A Novel)
Profesional translation and publishing of the book on unique synthesis of project management and meditation
Iran does not adhere to International Copyright Laws. Please help me publish a Persian translation before it is illegally translated.
THE HOLY BIB-EL Translated By Leon Cook. The Creation: CHAPTER 1.  1* In the beginning Gods created The Heavens and The Planet Earth.
Publish my book on the Gayatri Mantra in English for the benefit of the readers and the children at the orphanage in Jhansi, India
Interest from abroad to publish my book SOCIALCAPITALISM. Need translation to English master. Help appreciated.
English translation of the first book from a sword and sorcery Fantasy trilogy, by Paolo Parente
Help us to get www.mySurgery.de, an interactive eLearning-Website for general and visceral surgery, translated to english language.
Introducing A True Story That Bridges Borders: Join Us As We Translate THE BACHELOR CHAPTERS: A THINKING WOMAN'S ROMANCE Into Spanish!
Feltmaking is an acient yet modern craft using wool in creative ways. Our thorough guides should be for people all over the world.
My English  novel has received excellent reviews. To address the great interest from Germany I want to translate it into German.
The Museum of Perfume in Milan has been publishing its own magazine since 1998 in Italian. We would like to translate it English.
Guru Granth Sahib; User Friendly. A book which captures the essence of the Guru Granth Sahib in modern English and also made digital.
If people contribute on Kickstarter, I will be able to give this 159-page e-book anthology away free to libraries and e-bookreaders.  I
Hello everyone !
I need your help for translate my saga Fantasy : Icarus at the school of the gods - Book 1".
Through the real tale of her NDE/afterlife experience the author teaches us how to live our lives with our soul.
The homilies are the impassioned voice of a prophetic pastor addressing his people at a time of unprecedented crisis and violence.
Project to translate the book, "Arabs Without God", into Arabic
English translation of historical WWII documents from the resistance movement in occupied Norway.
The SQV is a new Restored Name version. We are trying to get a minimum of 200 copies printed!
The Han Dynasty Forest of Changes is an extension of the I Ching. I need some reference books to assist with the translation.
Aiming to translate our book into English so much more people can enjoy it and go... Beyond! We had great reviews on Amazon so far!
This project is for raising funds to translate and publish a recent Russian book on all variations of bayonets for Mosin Nagant rifles.
Translating the second best nautical book about WW2 from Joe Richards, author of 'Princess' (=No1)
The translation and publication in Spanish of Letters From Alfonso: Learning to Listen a larger than just a Peace Corps experience
The month of Ramadhan is not only about fasting, it is also about connecting to our inner-self which this book will help us accomplish.
The Holy Scriptures in English is a modern American English version of the Bible for global, English speaking Christians.
This project is to translate Phenomenal S, a novel about a secret agent from Congo, into English, and also creating a comic book.
Je suis une jeune maison édition qui cherche de l'aide pour finaliser un projet de traduction d'un livre et de me mettre en marcher.
In this book you will find out everything about the iPhone 4 and 4S. It includes 3D models and interactive versions of iOS 4 and iOS 5.
"People from IKEA", the book  about order and chaos, temporary lives and fuzzy futures will be available in English.
Translating my books on healing from severe abuse/ trauma into many languages, giving hope and encouragement to others in the the world
Help us financing the translation of a new e-book on stage management from Danish into German language.
Support the translating of "Fit for the Pulpit: The Minister & His Challenges" into Spanish.
All backers can help us with 1€ to create the 1st Italian Manual Kickstarter - Per chi vuole finanziare le proprie idee con successo
I'm creating a dictionary of multiple Indian languages.
For people in schools to the retired.
Aim is to get in to schools,gyms,work places and to travel all over the world doing talks on it.
Calling out Backers throughout the world. We are here to provide an intermediate channel to offer U.S. products worldwide. PLEASE READ!
A book of pickle recipes narrated by a mama grizzly speaking in incomplete and run-on sentences and her orangutan friend. #Artofthedill
Modern Literal Translation of the Torah in English and Russian with sub-linear and interlinear layout.
I am gathering rare, out-of-print Judo books for preservation, translation and sharing.
Our Beginner's Guide to Fibromyalgia is to be translated into English. Endorsed by leading Rheumatology & Psychology Societies in Spain
The teachings of Tulku Sanjay Tsering, the body, speech and mind emanation of the esteemed 20th century Dzogchen Master Khenpo Ngaga
English Version of my auto-published novel
Age is more than just a number, I hope your younger than you feel.
I decided to get help. I respect AA and recognize the value of it's methods but the overwhelming religious language is a big hurdle. .
What if you suddenly found out, that your life wasn´t the life you thought you had? What if you were like all the others!
KJV2015 Easier to understand for our kids and family not leaving out one verse or changing a meaning one bit.
