Help create a print version of James Wylder's poetry (author of the play "Cryptos", and featured in Kennings Literary Magazine).
A collection of poetry dealing with the subtle line between love and pain, light and darkness.
Anthems is a poetry collection I started in grad school. It covers: dinosaurs, quantum mechanics, love, ghosts, gardens, & monsters.
An epic poem for the 21st century, narrating the death of God, and a poet's descent into the underworld—to bring the Sacred back.
Support Lydia Muijen to publish her poetry collection "LOVE HEALS"
Juillet’s sophomore and limited Poetry collection. (Français/English)
Hey! My name is Joel Todero and I am making a book of various poems and stories about life! You can pre-order now by donating!
Gorgeously profane lyrical meanderings.
This is about going back to the beginning. Or before the beginning began. I wanted to ask for nothing but I can't so I'm asking for £1.
In these two books, an exiled spy god and a human deal with their addiction to loving doomed mortals.
Lyrical Vagabonds is a poetry and art book created by inmates of Sterling Correctional Facility in Sterling Colorado.
"she&i" is a series of poems exploring the relationship between self & soul, an empowered journey of listening to who I really am.
$1 gets you a personalized love poem that will be written and sent to you by February 14th. Come Spread the Love
Paper Dreams is a collection of writings ranging from poetry to prose to playwright. I started four years ago--it's time to publish.
A book of poems and meditations inspired by the 2015-16 Chicago Bulls--written by Daniel Myers. Cover Art by Casey Polacheck.
Dismantle / Rebuild is the first printed collection of prose and poetry written by Tim Scotson.
Su voz te atrae y te paras a escucharle. Empieza a contarte, de forma concisa, esos momentos que han marcado su vida. Y tu vida sigue.
The story begins a couple of years ago, when Florin and Anne found common creative ground and went for a journey.
Pre-release of Damask's latest chapbook: Ariana Nash's Our Blood Is Singing. Hand-printed.
Embrace the beauty around you ~ share it with the world and it's yours Forever.
I wrote a book & I want you to read it, but first it has to exist in the physical world & not just as a word.doc on my laptop.
I’m Victor Edgar Rivera and welcome to the campaign to launch my new poetry book, “I’ll sing to you next time.” Thanks for listening.
"I the darkness. I the shadow. I the ghost." The start of new works to explore the madness strewn into life. A travel into soul.
We will be publishing a print issue of inter|rupture, a sort of anthology, selecting poems from the first two years, issues 1-7.
I need YOUR help so that I can spread poetry and magicalness all across the Midwest, and get publicity to publish my first book of poetry. 
What if you found a book of poetry at the bus stop, beautifully bound, inviting you to take it, read it, sign it...join a conversation?
A traveling writing workshop / publishing adventure aimed at gathering 10-line poems from around the country and anthologizing them in a book.
An anthology of 14 original poems professionally printed and bound. Some FUN with WORDS!
My Cat Died and Other Poems is a book that acknowledges girl scout cookies, purple shag rugs, hysterectomies, cats, astrophysics, etc.
Through a symphony of prose and spoken word poetry,"The Deferred Dream" explores the mindset of a black youth in this 21st century.
The Arteles Residency program in Finland extended me an invitation to spend a month at their facility. Chance of a lifetime? You bet!
The Poetry Ferrari is a vehicular poetry reading that will take place on Miami-Dade's roadways on April 27th in conjunction with OMIAMI
A beautiful handbound book of poems by Lisa Chun dealing with grief, hope, the importance of inner work & living true to one's calling.
One of the goals I had set for myself was to publish a book of poetry before I turned 18. You can help make that a reality!
My grandfather and I wrote a manuscript of non-fiction pulp poetry & short stories and dream of becoming published. Together.
A book about landscapes, both real and internal.
A collection of poetry about the difficulties of moving on.
Steve Shell is the three time Grand Slam Champion From Asheville, NC.  He wants to publish a new book of poems. You would like it.
Perfect-bound books & hand-made chapbooks of poetry and cross-genre writing we think you need to know about.
49 poets, 49 haikus for Gambia! Everywhere on 2/18/14--billboards, radio, newspapers, the Internet! #Haikus4Gambia
I am an 18 year old author majoring in creative writing. This will be my first published collection of poetry.
Olympia People's Mic is sending our 2nd team to the National Poetry Slam! Donate to help Kelly, Brian, Scarlett and Rachel reach NPS!!!
For 15 years, I've written poetry. Now it's time to share! Your generosity helps me self-publish my first full book of over 60 poems.
Please help us achieve our goal to produce the SONNET SLAM for April 23, 2013 where all 154 Sonnets will be read by 154 readers.
Interesting Book of poems written in rhyme that tell little stories about pets - some previously published in magazines and newspapers.
Rocky Wilson: poet, teacher, Puppet Laureate of Camden, NJ. His poetry offers a glimpse into the beauty of America's "poorest city."
I started writing poetry simply as a form of therapy. Lately, however, I've grown to see it may be an inspiration to others as well.
A collection of poems by writers incarcerated at Macomb Correctional. Buy a book and liberate a mind.
A printed collection of poems on the structure & (dis)organization of memory, time, family, loss, & conceptions of home.
A miniature novel composed from a series of three lined poems.
It's a chapbook, it's a recording, it's a recorded chapbook
Shades of Claret: Bedtime stories for sadists & those who ache for them. Voyeuristic poetry & prose of Mistrix E (Photo ToniChaptom)
She's been missing for 75 years.Amelia Earhart. Broward County area poets create a poetic tribute to her because she loved poetry.
Self-Published author Darryl Harvey is seeking funding for his new book of poetry, Open Season: Growing up Black in America
An anthology of poems that exemplify the human attempt to relate with the divine.
A book of poetry I never intended to release. But I found  inspiration to do so. Sometime we just need a little push.
George Lisi is publishing a book of his collected poems, "Through the Gate of Trees; poetry to celebrate and awaken.”
To celebrate being sixty I want to publish sixty poems I have written about love, life, loss, death, family and coming of age.
Michael and Terri need your support to make the Sept. 29, 2012 Headquarters Event a reality. Help fund 100 TPC HQ on Kickstarter!
Looking to Publish a Third Poetry Volume with your help...
Notes on an Urban Kill-Floor is the third collection of poems written by poet and performance artist Jaamil Olawale Kosoko.   
A whimsically illustrated book of poetry even poetry haters can love.
Plain of Ghosts is the launch project of Moon at Zenith Books, a company aimed at limited releases of experimental works.
Brooklyn's Sock Monkey Press is releasing a book of poems by Terence Degnan. Help him get on the road.
Borges once said that the goal of poetry should be "astonishment". We are publishing two astonishing poetry/prose collections.
Help me, help you bring a book into the world you wont want to put down. "Lay My Bones Over Spilled Milk" by Simply Kat
Collaborate with three-time HBO "Def Poetry" veteran and National Poetry Slam Champion Big Poppa E on a new CD and an Audiobook!
National anthology of best 140 cancer poems, selected from 1,000+, by patients, survivors, spouses, family, friends & health advisors.
Yiddish poetry -- dead? It was just sleeping, ready to jump out from behind the kitsch with an aesthetic only possible in the language of Sutzkever.
I'm eighty seven years old. I have written poetry over the past seventy years. Persons who read it say,"Publish it". So I am.
death hums magazine will be a perfect-bound publication featuring a diverse selection of poetry.
a collection of poems bound in a handmade book to soothe, bewilder, inspire, and lift up the heart. Love, nature, magick.
New book of poems on hand made letter pressed paper in an edition of 100, with the first 25 signed &numbered with an original painting
An installation of poems based on Wittgenstein's 'Tractatus', by the ExEgesis writing collective
January Found is a book of poems and performance pieces, many of which have been published in journals and in chapbook form.
Help me get my first collection of poetry published, funded and shipped out to you! 17 original poems by Z. Alan Ginsberg!
Paper Boats is a chapbook of 20 sonnets chronicling a life altering period in my life.
A book of poems written during my teenage years showing some of the thoughts and feelings teens have on love, life and death.
Your friend, Marco, is hoping to print his first ever book of poetry. He has been writing this book for 10 years - Let's print it!
Love is Meat is a book of Midwestern poetry and short stories by David W. Pedersen.
A radical translation of the Bible that is inclusive, celebratory, and personal.
Come walk with us through the mist of the Isles in this strange and creative poetry and photography book.
For $1, You choose the topic, I write the poem & mail it straight to You.
Join our 6th annual Halloween celebration in this anthology of poetry & short fiction from Popcorn Press!
A memoir written over the course of four years, these chronological entries document honest moments in time during three relationships.
Adventurous poems about traveling to Florida:  I-95, Kennedy Space Center, Legoland, Savannah by poet and publisher L.B. Sedlacek.
"Leaves of Grass I Trimmed With My Mower" is a collection of poems written by Dads for you and your family.
South African poet Yoshira Marbel's depression, heartbreak, emptiness, anger, and suffering will soon be in print, if you pledge now.
Let's #Kickstart THE LEIGHTON EXPLOSION book and live performances in five or more east coast cities in 2014!!
On the 8th of the 8th at 8pm I will be writing and releasing my 4th poem in what has now become a sequence. I want £8.
50 inspiring blackout poems made from Fifty Shades Of Grey
An honest look at living life with a mental illness explored through poetry.
The Quick and the Rest features 12 poems by Nathan with 50 funny, insightful, and heartbreaking responses from other talented artists.
Turtledove Press publishes new poems by poet Annie Diamond
rest-less is a collection of 38 poems — celebrations, mistakes, heartbursts, and heartaches — for an ex I briefly knew and deeply miss.
Inspiration & reflection for a journey into a future of our choosing | supporting a new voice | CD & book of poetry from Jon Symes
What is "Feelings Unknown"?
My poetry book planned to be released in December of course!
Poetry? 
Don't worry it'll be awesome...
'A book' is a collection of poems and quotes that have all been written and illustrated by hand using only a black pen
An illustrated collection of dark and humorous poetry.
For a long time, I dreamed of publishing a book in my 21st year.
I have about five months left of being 21, so here I am!
A limited-edition run of sandwich haikus, illustrated in watercolor and bound in a beautiful hardcover book. **27 copies remaining!**
We are publishing a book of 40 cowboy poems, with color pictures, based on our lives of guiding horseback rides and working on ranches.
This is a collection of twelve original poems from the last 3 years - a dark period in my life. This is art. And this is healing.
A modern time Psalms and proverbs, like what David and Solomon had written in the biblical times.
Publishing is expensive. Your generous contribution will go towards helping my second collection of poetry hit store shelves near you.
Me up until now
Libro propio de nueva poesía
Looking to raise money for my newest chapbook, The Frozen Garden.  This book will be dedicated to the memory of my father, Chuck Black.
With misconceptions rampant today, these poems aim to provide a realistic & hopefully insightful look into American Muslim lives.
At 72, Uncle Moses' thirst for sharing knowledge of the world through poetry has remained unquenched.  May your gift fulfill his dream.
I am creating a poetry book from scratch, I need the money for marketing, paying my artist and potentially publishing.
I would like to publish my poems to help anyone out there who needs inspiration.  Even helping one person would be a successful.
Have you ever woken up with the desire to go back to sleep?
We give you the strength to get up, EVERY DAY!
Words: An original and self-expressive collection of poetry and graphic design hoping to destigmatize Borderline Personality Disorder.
Busqueda de patrocinadores para recaudar la cantidad necesaria para la publicacion de mi libro independiente "De mis Poemas y Versos"
An episode guide for Doctor Who-- as poetry! Every episode of Series 1-7 will have its own poem to celebrate Who's 50th anniversary.
Help Copper Canyon Press publish a beautiful collection of previously undiscovered poems by Pablo Neruda
Help Copper Canyon Press publish the definitive collection of W.S. Merwin’s poetry.
A collection of poetry written by author, and publisher, Angus Abranson.
Raw Dog Screaming Press presents Michael A. Arnzen's Fridge of the Damned. It's the creepiest magnetic word kit you've ever seen!
I'm embarking on the notoriously difficult 3rd poem. 3 drafts in 3 days. The 3rd draft will be published on the 3rd day. I want £3.
Birds of Lace will publish four chapbooks with accompanying letterpress broadsides and a portfolio of letterpress broadsides in 2014.
Please help Ugly Duckling Presse publish an English-language edition of Uruguayan poet Marosa di Giorgio’s 1965 masterpiece, The History of Violets. 
Leslie McGrath joins The Word Works as Series Editor for the Tenth Gate, an annual poetry collection of a mid-career poet.
Neruda's powerful epic, Canto General--first English translation by a native Spanish speaker, first by a Chilean, first by a woman!
Beverly Jarosz dreamed of one day publishing her poetry, but in 1964 an unknown killer took her voice away. Now we are returning it.
A poetry ... screening? Motionpoems wants to turn THE BEST AMERICAN POETRY 2011 into short films for new audiences.
Funding to print 'Tourism', the first full collection of poetry, short fiction and essays from spoken word performer Zach Roddis.
Six poets. One Van. No Quit.
A smoldering new way to experience poetry debuted by Becca Barniskis & Nick Jaffe. The chapbook & vinyl LP it inspired on pre-sale now!
A collection of pieces written over the past 4 years exploring the creative potential of websites like Craigslist, Omegle, and more.
Celebrate National Poetry Month by helping us release found poetry kits into the wild. We'll curate the poems online for all to see!
The New York City Poetry Festival showcases the diversity of NYC's vast poetry community on Governors Island each July.
Iced Cream is the first book of poetry and art by legendary Rockford artist Jesus Correa and the fifth book by Zombie Logic Press.
Writers tend to wait until they have a book published to go on any sort of reading tour...
six poets + one printmaker = poems for everyone!  pocket-sized, postcard-sized, hang-it-on-the-wall-sized.
We crave to get our words out into the world: to make good poetry accessible by creating our 2nd bookzine full of art/prose/poems
I wrote 24 poems with one @Horse_ebooks tweet in each. I want to put them in a chapbook for you.
Sam Berkson will revisit the Saharawi refugee camps in Algeria to collect Saharawi poetry to translate & publish with Influx Press.
200 poets. 5 boroughs. 2 days. 3 stages. ONE CITY.
Beauty State is a book: written by Allison Hummel, illustrated by Davida Rae. Beauty State is about California: past, now, and someday.
Reading Tour of The Monarchs, a book of poems by Melanie Noel, with a silent film by poet Don Mee Choi
Heartbroken and introspective, this collection of coming-of-age poems seeks to understand why things fall apart.
Wade's poems are heartfelt, poignant and thought-provoking. His words will speak to you, challenge you, and often times surprise you.
Diagnosed with Alzheimer's, and while still in the early stages, I decided to explore the disease through poetry. This is my story.
A genre-defining work comprised of 154 iambic rap-battles with the bard himself.
A writer. An artist. One black. One white. Both named Jason. Find common ground. 
City of Stairways is a book about San Francisco secrets written by youth. Both travel guide and poetry anthology, it's a love letter to San Francisco.
Boost House will be a publisher and intentional community in Maine, USA, whose goal is to make it cool to be positive and activist.
Nutshell poems chronicling the exploits of backwoods gamine Tomboy. Rucksack hardcover, with graphite pencil illustrations.
Fully illustrated collection of poetry about beards and all their glory, accompanied by cats and raw, heartfelt emotion
I've been awarded a residency to work on my next poetry manuscript, but it doesn't cover the cost of living. That's where you come in.
We want to widen the reach of poetry by filming great performances in unique locations.
An international initiative to spread one-of-a-kind seventeen-syllabled slivers of beauty to the masses.
LIMITED EDITION. Explosive tale in provocative poetry + art of the fated reunion in UK between one Woman & her Male Muse.
The Poetry Project is seeking funding to digitize and make accessible the final 15 (out of 46) open-reel tapes of Public Access Poetry.
For a small fee, a roster of poets under assumed "whore" identities offer you the intimacy of their original poetry in private, one-on-one readings.
Funding for printing the seven-book fisherpoet anthology of original poetry, prose and songs of commercial fishermen and women.
I wrote a book of poems about teaching public middle school in NYC and how teaching has taught me. I want to print it to share with you and the world.
Join Camille Rankine, Ocean Vuong, and Javier Zamora to help Copper Canyon Press publish debut collections by extraordinary new poets.
Sponsor a definitive collection of poems by the artist Fabian Peake; designed by Fraser Muggeridge studio.
Collected lesson plans for CPitS' 50 years. Phil Levine: "All ...who love poetry are in debt to those who worked with these children."
Futurepoem is an innovative non-profit literary press. Help us publish two new books chosen during our free annual open reading period.
200 poets. 50 series. 5 boroughs. 3 Stages. One City.
Happy 450th Birthday to William Shakespeare!  Come celebrate with us in NYC by reading & hearing all 154 Sonnets read aloud.
Lydia Swartz's debut poetry collection: 100 cards, four suits, one stanza per card. Shuffle for a new adventure every time.
Prose & poetry by the inmates of Garner Correctional Institution, a maximum security prison in Connecticut.
A Bruise On Light will be my 3rd major book of poetry. Don't let the word poetry scare you... it'll be rad. I mention blobfish in it.
33 poems – serious and trivial; in traditional and modern forms – posing the questions: what is art, what's it for and what's it worth?
A new, independent journal publishing poetry that springs from the hinge point between the lyric and experiment.
The poetry of crime, in haiku form.  Hundreds of true stories of error, fear, and folly: all in one slim volume. With pictures.
$6,500 STRETCH GOAL: a $500 first book prize for women authors, judged by Rachel B. Glaser!
A new look to help us broaden and streamline our coverage of contemporary poets and poetry.
Expand your cosmic world. Let's dive into "The Psychic World of Walter Reed: Illuminated Lyrics" publishing project . . .
A poetry/art-based research project exploring the Taiwanese American diasporic identity through oral tradition and protest culture.
Her Animals by poet/activist Emily Johnston (Hummingbird Press, fall 2015) printed the way a book should be: sustainably and locally.
It’s the little book of breakup poetry you wish you had last time you got your heart broke.
The first completely inclusive collection of love poetry for all lovers, regardless of gender.
Folder Magazine is preparing its first print volume + helping present  John Ashbery's Litany with NYC's Poetry Project 11-16-16!
A budding poet joins forces with creative team to produce a stunning book of photos and poems that celebrate mystery, wonder & life.
The first comprehensive selection of the French surrealist poems of Robert Desnos to be translated into rhyming English
Rising Phoenix Press is a start up poetry press. We will publish work that writes ashes into heavens, capturing life's gritty beauty.
A five city interactive book tour to teach collage poetry writing and promote my book FLIT: A POETRY MASHUP OF CLASSIC LITERATURE.
Help a poet recover his lost chapbook and get a bound copy of 20 original poems with lino print cover, made by hand and made with love.
250 poets. 75 organizations. 5 boroughs. 3 stages. 2 days. ONE CITY.
Hunt & Light is an independent publisher raising funds to publish its second book of poetry; Constellations by Esther Mathieu
A poetry chapbook set on the public transit of Philly and NJ. Poems about what it means to be a worker in 21st Century urban America.
Rising high-school junior, 16-year old Sarah combines stunning artwork with breathtaking poetry to transport you to her unique world.
A small press of poetry and essays launching in 2016. We are seeking help with initial press run and establishing nonprofit status.
When my baby died at birth I did not expect the grace, love and blessings I was gifted beyond my grief. My journey of hope & healing.
Noah Cebuliak is self-publishing his first anthology of poems.
a love story and poems and more: amorous epiphanies mapped out in words for you to see and hold in your hands... visual art and poetry!
Help us build a new online home for our work so that we can better serve & support the literary communities of the West Coast & beyond.
Help Poet & English Teacher Matthew Foley Release His 1st Spoken Word Poetry Album: "What You Will Need in Class Today".
Help me attend the Colrain Poetry Manuscript Conference and get my poetry book published.
It's a simple project, really: a small-volume book of poems, written straight from my dangerously imaginative heart. Dare to blaze.
Birds of Lace is back in 2016 with five new chapbooks from Sade Murphy, Meghan Lamb, Jacqueline Kari, Myriam Gurba & Lily Hoang.
Cleavemark is a full-length book of poems from Stephanie Ellis Schlaifer, published by BOAAT Press.
250 poets. 75 organizations. 5 boroughs. 3 stages. 2 days. ONE CITY.
A book of poems and monsters!
A man walks into a bar. That's how it starts. £13 and he'll tell you what happened after he walked out.
I'm chasing my dream to be a published poet! Starting with my first collection of poems entitled Dreaming in Kreyol! #dreaminginkreyol
A critically acclaimed poetry book that guides you on a journey to find love, life, self and divine connection.
So I wrote a poem. So I rewrote it. So I rewrote it again. Then I read it. It was depressing. So I thought I'd write another one.
I will be making a poem anthology about learning to be a survivor instead of a victim in the face of sexual assault and rape culture.
***Special Request is a poetry book of receipt paper print outs. The project examines service industry labor meets self published art.
Brendan Constantine performs across America while finishing his 4th book 'One Mississippi' & chronicling a poet's life on the road.
A collection of imperfect work — the raw stuff that rarely sees the light of day — because what's perfect, anyway?
Book of poetry featuring 70 original poems and one short play.
I'm gonna write a poem. I need a pen, paper and coffee. Lots of coffee. I've got 24 hours.
A story in poems, a slow unraveling of the self, dealing with that state of mind, and figuring out how to put it back together again.
A book about Mornings and the women we find there.
Get an exclusive, limited edition, print copy of my new poetry book, Stingrays, before the official ebook launch in February.
Clean Closet—the first of three books in The Clean Poetry Series—is complete! This Online Book Signing raises funds for the audiobook.
A book of poems collected from the journals I kept during the two years I spent living in the Marsh House.
My first poetry chapbook! Encompassing my journey through relationships and self-love.
The collected writings of Ted Milton - poet, puppeteer, founder and frontman of BLURT.
A message book emphasizing the importance of prioritizing relationships with friends and family for a happy and fulfilling life.
Love someone named Prue? Lots of us do. So let’s create the most romantic (and convenient) Valentine’s Day stunt for all the Prues.
A Collection of Poetry Opened in Loss, Cauterized in Wails and Whispers --

Help us present a delicate, unafraid physical object!
Button Poetry is going to start publishing high quality chapbooks.
The eye is the window to the soul, wherein lies a kaleidoscope of ever changing beauty, formed from broken shards of love and loss.
A bumper book of computer game poems by some of the finest young poets in the UK (and beyond).
Hoang Hung, Vietnamese poet, was imprisoned for 39 months for his poetry. We've translated his poems and want to publish them in the US
What do angry youths usually do with broken gods? Smash 'em to pieces with creativity, thought, and new perspective.
The world's first ever Facebook co-creation is "collaborative, beautiful, exquisite, unique & soulful!"
A small chapbook of poetry written and designed by me.
I'm publishing my 2nd book in a trilogy of Christian-inspired poetry. It's called "Brown Skin and the Beautiful Faith". Want to help?
"The Exchange" is a presentation of my original work. The concept of my 1st book is simple: Life gave me experience, I wrote poems!
On January 20th, 2010, I will publish my book, "From Auction Block to Oval Office," 100 poems written during the first 100 days of Obama's presidency.
Help publish 2 great books in 2014! Only poets volunteering at a literary nonprofit can submit; let's reward poetry's champions!
Putting my poetry into a book is my biggest dream. I am so close to realizing it, I can practically feel the book in my hands.
On May 5, 2012, I'm turning 40. I'm going to mark the occasion by riding my bike for 40 days straight. With a typewriter behind me.
A poetry book which John Evans has been writing since he was a freshman in high school... journey into, and through, the flames of life
Life and love collide across letters, continents, decades. The second collection of poems from Ben Clark.
Tip of the Iceberg: Haiku and Longer Poems of Awakening With John Snyder on Saturday, April 20, 2013 from 7:00-8:30 pm.
A book and audio book collection of reader favorites from 2008-present~
Five young emerging Canadian authors are hoping to raise funds to tour North America promoting Canadian literary arts through readings.
WordPlay Teen Writing Project is hosting its sixth annual teen poetry slam festival. This is the state's only youth literary festival
A collection of subversive, silly, sing-song sonnets that share with children (and adults) many of life's hardest truths.
Six months ago my girlfriend and I left everything we have ever known behind in search of something better. We're still looking.
A collection of Poems and illustration in tribute to the divine feminine in all rising women today.
Photographs taken and poems written about/during my semester abroad in Ireland and the other five countries we traveled to
Better than eating a slice of pizza, this poetry book will be worth its weight in gol...brass...newspapers. Its weight in dreams? Yes.
Two collections of poetry written by Zaynab Mohammed from all around the world. Free and raw expression, must be shared!
LRWH will release 2 new publications, 2 cd's/audio books, while setting up live venues to showcase other poets.
Two sequences: Poems from a Greek Journal (1972) and Return to Mykonos (1998) with author's watercolors make up this 40-page chapbook.
Perfect-bound books & hand-made chapbooks of poetry and cross-genre writing we think you need to know about.
Mary's first collection of poetry is in danger of sitting gathering dust. Help me surprise her with a hardback launch for her birthday.
An Ahsahta Press anthology curating poetic work in the pastoral genre that is considered postmodern, experimental, or avant garde.
Will you join with us and help spread this project to the larger Body of Christ...
Cloud City Press will release Daniel Vidal Soto's new book Demon in Plastic on June 7th. We wanna bring him to St Paul to do a reading!
One Man LEARNING TO WRITE:  A Pamphlet and CD filled with poems, stories and photos from my first year as a writer and performer.
Ce recueil est un exutoire à mon imaginaire, exprimant de manière poétique, les simples choses qui me traversent l'esprit.
The creation of a book of poems, SALAMI JEW, that deals with the beauties and contradictions of being a secular and semi-observant Jew.
A collection of original poems curated from personal experiences and the conviction that there's more than one way to see yourself.
A book of poems writtten as band introductions
These poems tell ideas I've learned while living on a small island.
An illustrated letterpress printed first edition of a collection of poems by Barbara Hardy inspired by Dante's Inferno.
An anthology of the first ten years of poetry at Bellingham's illustrious poetrynight.
Devoted to sharing culture through the art of poetry.
Bits from along a vast spectrum of human experience, spanning Africa to USA to inspire awareness, empathy & action
A series of 156 Qabalistic adorations dedicated to Babalon, the Scarlet Woman, written anonymously at the behest of Our Lady of the Cup
In my younger days I fancied myself a poet. Very little of it has ever seen the light of day. Don't miss out on this rare opportunity!
A Halloween celebration of Cthulhu & other Lovecraftian horrors - in poetry & short fiction
Vet seeks cover for under-contract book that hopes to give a voice to this new generation of veterans and humanize the war experience.
A Kickstarter to raise funds for the publication of a book of poetry.
First Publication of Poetry
#TheArtofWords
Help me to publish my fourth book which is a book of poetry plus two short stories. :)  *FINAL DAYS!!!*
"..So here's to that identity, to that quality of humanity, the ability to take the ingredients of the world and brew poetry." -Brewing
Par(cell)ed Words is a collection of poetry and prose written in an independent poetry class offered at the Champaign County Jail.
As folks with various disabilities navigate the world, their footprints are often overlooked. Come stroll with one man's journey.
Help us publish Jay Besemer's strange and delightful new chapbook, "Aster to Daylily."
My first book! It's a sea inside of a sea, a poem-animal-human cycle of whale songs. Memory, recurrence. Trinkets on the sea floor.
Christopher Robin's long overdue book of poetry.
Trilingual CD with poet Graciela Huinao passionately voicing stories of the endangered lives of her Mapuche ancestors in Southern Chile
Tandem is the world's only live-curated poetry anthology, showcasing the work of poets and features from this season of the Lit Slam.
This is my piece of the American dream. It is the creation of my own publishing company and its first book Poems From the Weird Kid.
Collection of poems and drawings about fear, pain, hope and living with mental illness.
quiet of chorus is a collection of community supported poetry that feeds the aliveness of our spirit and movements.
Afghan artist/activist Somaya Ramesh and U.S. poet, translator, and military veteran Farzana Marie bring poetry and worlds together.
Reaching out to others who may find comfort and hope in their own battles with mental illness through my journey and experiences. 
Scarred is an inspirational collection of poems detailing the journey and struggle of overcoming life's many stigmas.
With no agent, limited resources, and the patience of a toddler at a chocolate fountain, I may require a bit of help to get published.
"For Love Of The Beloved" is a collection of sonnets I wrote on the 99 names of God in the Islamic tradition, focusing on mercy & love.
The Book is not dead, and neither is poetry. But that doesn't mean books grow on trees.
I need your help to make it a reality!
We are excited to announce the publication of Adrienne Dodt's rich new chapbook, "Return." Help us bring this beautiful book to press!
Join the "One Man Gang" on his mission to educate the masses using poetry.
2 poets, 30 poems, 1 beautiful book. The first collection of poems by Caits Meissner and TISHON. +other goodies.
Poetry and art book focusing on current environmental issues in the United States. Letters from the Earth to our children.
Help us print our second chapbook of 2013: City Structures by Sophie Summertown Grimes.
Selections from the poetry of Tony Plocido, Jeremy O'Neal, and William Peck.  KC Poets.
Poetry in your mailbox! Hand-written art! Help move this poet / touring cyclist / storyteller from Auckland to Melbourne on a boat.
Literary Mint: a self-published mixed genre book of my best poetry and graphic art over the last three years. 88 pages.
Making Persian poetry accessible to wider audiences by providing high quality audio and texts.
Getting books printed is expensive! Help me out!
Our goal is to raise funds to print our anthology, Turtle Island to Abya Yala, in full color and in a way that is environmentally safe.
Kenning is a poetry magazine dedicated to combining page poetry and spoken word by publishing audio files along with poems.
Vision/Verse is an annual gallery show that pairs poets and artists together for mutual inspiration/collaboration.
A collection of three chapbooks by three poets in one volume, including Judy Jordan, Kallie Falandays, and Aaron Jorgensen-Briggs.
A book of poetry inspired by my own healing journey - deep words for personal (& earth) healing and evolution
I've written a book of poems with inspiration for your writing, too. Then, off to homes & bookstores to host writers workshops.
"Some stories are true that never happened"  (Elie Wiesel)  Where do fact and fiction meet? I aim to explore this question.
Your support will bring this translation of Guru Arjan's Sukhmani Sahib to the world. And help spread peace heart to heart.
A collection of poems, each organically written over a few years of travelling and exploring what it means to live in this world...
Irenicon Press collects the short jewel-like poems of Sylvia Bowman into her first collection: We Met, Once Before.
Make an ex-pat's dream come true!
Where does poetry go once it leaves the mind? Wherever the wind will take it. A book of poems dedicated to life, loss, and love.
A chance to share wishes for Broward County, FL with the future! A gift from us to them! Be part of history!Produced by Anastasia Clark
Mass L.E.A.P. is a collective of spoken word poets, teaching artists and educators, building a vibrant teen poetry community in Boston.
New prayers, spiritual poetry and meditations, from my heart to your heart, for people of all faiths.
Help us continue the publication of experimental poetry & prose, the support of off-the-grid artists, and sustainable printing methods.
The Great Twin Cities Poetry Read is a celebration of community. It's what the poet Lucille Clifton calls "a gathering of the tribe."
One cold night in Amarillo, TX 30 visual artists presented their responses to the poems of Dr. Hunter Ingalls. This book is the outcome
I desire funds to pay for editing on my first book of erotic poetry and my first book. You can see samples at my website shamirkali.com
A book of the creative poetry and artwork of an 
autistic, non-verbal young adult
Sixty Second Poetry | It only takes a minute. The goal is to think quick, let emotions flow and hopefully end up with something worth.
Collaboration between poet and artist, Romeo's Ugly Nose is part homage to, and part mockery of, the famed love of Romeo and Juliet.
Argos Books is thrilled to announce the release of a new book of poems and art. Help us celebrate by contributing some love and $!
I am a young poet trying to fund the publication of my first short book (a chapbook). I am self-publishing.
Students of J.C Harmon High School need your help to take their literary magazine to the next level.
Our goal is to acquire funding for a year's worth of issues of our monthly arts zine.  This zine is one of a kind in the area.
The Flap of a Butterfly's Wings will be my first poetry book and each poem addresses change in the world or my personal life.
141 clever little pieces of literature by 121 authors in 1 exquisite ebook.
Loot the Bodies is a collection of poetry that meditates on fatherhood, perspective, and pop culture from Cody Walker.
Boise, ID through Nevada, Arizona and into Joshua Tree, CA--from Joshua Tree, a decision: where to go. The possibilities are roads.
Convulsive Editions has been publishing contemporary poetry since 2012. We need your help to put out our next batch of chapbooks.
Epic Toast is Williamsburg Prep High School's annual literary arts magazine full of short stories, poetry, artwork and photography.
Join in a journey of mothering and creativity with Cassie's poetry book tour!
This project is a compilation of my poetry to this point in my career; it spans three releases and includes 6 new pieces.
Beccaria is a chapbook of poetry and art by murder victims' family members, current and exonerated death row prisoners.
A Halloween celebration of Cthulhu & other Lovecraftian horrors - in poetry & short fiction
Heart, mind, and physical reality weave through this book of poems by a physics-poet. Find depth in both the dark and light.
A book tour celebrating local artists & offering poetry/storytelling workshops for intergenerational (Mennonite) women.
Support a poet’s first collection and professional video: poems of transatlantic distance, loss, and finding home in the unexpected.
It is difficult to get the news from poems, yet men die miserably every day for lack of what is found there. -- William Carlos Williams
a nationwide bus tour to share the poems included in the book GAY POWER...
This project will fund the publication of a posthumous collection of recently discovered work by the poet and artist Deborah Brown
Little Big Halloween is a collection of poetry about a small girl who lives with a man who has a Jack O' Lantern for a head.
After a 2010 release of his EP entitled SOL Spoken, Karega Bailey's back with a  full length album (Surrender) and book (Why Surrender)
The ILL List Poetry Slam Invitational hosts eight of the nation's best poets to perform in a rural Central Valley town, Modesto, CA.
☞ An Emotional Espresso For The Mind & Soul. Classic 5-7-5 Haiku, That Goes Beyond Natural Imagery to Also Make You FEEL, THINK & SEE.
The Beautiful Ruins is a collection of poetry and art dealing with issues of trauma, healing, faith and spiritual crisis.
I would like to write you a poem. For you, about you, as a gift to give. These poems will be bound into an e-book and published.
BIAB Productions presents Aracnakid and other discombobulated stories.
Contemporary Palestinian poetry translated into English, Scots, Gaelic and Shetlandic
The voices of two siblings and their eccentric forbears alternate in intimate, often poignant stories of their lives.
A poetry and art collective, showcasing various styles of high quality poetry and illustrations received via online submission.
A decade of intrigue and infatuation, retold in poetic and artistic form. Join the journey through the world of human connection
Deva's second book of poetry is here and ready for mass consumption!
WE ARE 4 multimedia artists in NYC who seek funding to supplement the costs of our residency led by poet Bernadette Mayer in upstate NY
This book is a grand collection of my best Haiku and Senryū from the last decade.
If you enjoy poetry at sunrise or sensuality by firelight while draped in silk I invite you to enjoy "Lying in Bed with Daemeon Pratt".
No, Dear is letterpressing Issue 6 of the handmade magazine that features the work of NYC poets.
RE-Scripted is a chapbook series that will be a part of a radical literacy initiative I will be engaging in, in the Twin Cities.
Send Austin's youth slam team to Nationals in San Francisco!
Chasing Distant Horizons is a collection of poetry inspired by nature and life that explores the past, present, and future.
The East Texas Poetry Series preserves the vision and personality of local poets through an annually awarded mauscript publication.
Grown-ups around the world tell kids things that simply aren't grounded in reality. Still, there is some twisted truth to it.
A new magazine of poetry and art.
co•im•press presents two poetry debuts: Lemonworld & Other Poems by Carina Finn & Within Mutiny by Holms Troelstrup.
YellowJacket Press will publish chapbooks by a couple of poetry dynamos--the Tampa Bay Area’s two Poets Laureate.
Six years ago I had a spiritual awakening starting when my father died which started a purging of my soul through poetry from the heart
A 130 page book of 100 song lyrics/poems. The idea is to publish 1000 copies and give them away to musicians and see what happens.
A coastal printshop which would be dedicated to the production of original letterpress design from broadsides to beer labels.
For the last few months I've been working on a poem. I think it could be quite a good poem, and I need funds to finish it.
Beautiful, smart, otherwordly books by Stephanie Anderson & Kristin Abraham, designed by HR Hegnauer, loved by Horse Less Press.
My mother, before she died, wanted her poems published in the form of a book.  The poems are inspirational for those dying of cancer.
Life Encomium is a compilation of 35-40 of my very best poems about love, life, and the way I see things.
The 'Lectric Collective incites creative processes with contemporary poetry as a catalyst. Help them take it on the road!
A micro Kickstarter of short poetry.
Anthology of contemporary prose poems and found photographs from the 1st half of the 20th century—in honor of unknown women everywhere.
I'm raising funds to self publish a book of my poetry.
33 poems – serious and trivial; in traditional and modern forms – exploring the uneasy relationship between history and truth.
This project is to raise funds in order to publish and print the poetry book, "Faith Life Reflections in Verse," by Martin Moloney.
These are poems about grief, loneliness, alienation, and beauty.
Madness (An Odd Collection of Poetry) is an approximately 50 page poetry book written and illustrated for the love of insanity.
This book encompasses my work from Spring 2011 through Winter 2013. It links creation myths and family history into personal challenges
LETS PRINT MY FIRST POETRY / SHORT STORY /  ILLUSTRATION BOOK 'RADDDDD'
I'd like to share short poems with people who would like to receive.
Help spread poetry far and wide - on the internet and into classrooms.
Daniela Olszewska's cloudfang : : cakedirt and Kate Schapira's The Soft Place will be published by Horse Less Press in July 2012.
"Just A Vessel" is a birthday gift to a friend who touches 100s of lives every week with fresh, new & anointed inspirational messages.
The first Spanish translation of Okigbo’s influential poetry, and one of few translations of African literature in South America.
This anthology from Yellow Flag Press collects the first five years of poetry from the Vision/Verse Art and Poetry Exhibit. 100+ poems
Bring the adventures of the inspiring entrepreneur Grayson Goodman to life in the audiobook version of Savor the Moments
GET S.P.E.A.K. TO THE BIG APPLE! THE REGISTRATION FEE FOR THE COLLEGE UNION POETRY SLAM (CUPSI) 2013 IS $550 AND WE NEED YOUR HELP!
A collection of ghazals and non-fiction dedicated to, concerning, or inspired by American Combat Journalist James Foley.
Suffering in silence all my life. I found my voice in Poetry and things began to change.  To reach out to others, Encourage them
Beat poetry, art poetry, modern poetry, sound poetry...My first collection of poetry!
This book is a collection of 600 poems written by a  diplomat (1864-1954)  who lived in China, America, Cuba, Japan and Korea.
After 30 years writing and publishing poetry in journals around the world, Phillip Henry Christopher releases 6 chapbooks of poems.
YOU HAVE ALL BEEN AMAZING! 
POST FINAL GOAL - $2000 - YOU GET BOOKS AND WE GET TO EAT AT TACO BUENO INSTEAD OF TACO BELL!
I've written poems I believe in. I want to publish them so that people can read them... because I believe in them!
“A Perfect Pair” tackles one of the major topics that continue to influence young women: breast size.
A small book of poetry and short stories. 
My first foot into the world of self-publishing, so I'm starting off small.
I'm Matthew Foley, a spoken word poet in Charleston, SC.  I'm ready to publish my 1st book of poetry!  Can you help?
Join me in my mission to make the world a better place through inspirational writing, positive messages, and lyrical encouragement.
A book of poetry exploring place, language and voice from the Northwest Coast of Canada.
Poet/performance artist Jaamil Olawale Kosoko completes his third collection of poems: Notes on an Urban Kill-Floor. Pre-order today.


Collected Poems gathers all of Albert Bryce Hanner's poetry from 1995 to 2013, including many being shared for the first time in print.
Two full length tours in one summer (one in the Old World and one in the New World) & a full length chapbook to be completed on the go!
Passion for Poetry is an SLPS based after-school poetry composition and recitation project in need of financial support!
Looking to publish my second collection of poems and hoping to share the evolution of my work with my supporters.
My first book of poems, Good Eurydice, appears next month from Otis Nebula Press. Help fund reviewer copies & a book tour.
A collection of poetry charting a search for intimacy in all the wrong places. At times funny and sad. Vulnerable always.
2fast2house is the publishing arm of the literary journal spy kids review. we love you we love you we love
Raising funds for the publication of an early and selected poems to be published by Dos Madres Press in 2013.
Astronaut is a small zine promoting the work of young poets, writers and artists.
This is a collection of my poetry that discusses topics from social issues to current events that will be in written and audio format.
We are 31 poets who created an anthology, 93 poems, 93 images, we want a kindle format of our book, which costs 79$
K Ruckus (a poetry slam artist from Austin, TX) has a dream. To tour the country performing SLAM poetry, with a famous poet. Let's make it happen!
Natural History Press is starting off with an outstanding project — Andrew Morgan's first book of poetry. It will be stunning.
A poetry collection on queer gender, queer sexuality, intersectional feminism, and the writing craft.
A collective of homeless and formerly homeless artists in NYC will publish a book of original poetry and visuals from the street.
Poetry is my soul language. My handshake to the universe and a peace offering to my own heart, and with this— I give you everything.
Third in a series of limited edition collaborative chapbooks featuring poetry & an interview by established & emerging woman poets.
'the romantic' - print run of a poetry book to sell on a reading tour of the east coast
Project to fund the physical production of the Team Hawai'i 2011 CD which has already been recorded.
We're hunting for poetry lovers to help fund the exciting and unique Wenlock Poetry Festival anthology.
3 weeks, 15 poems. Traveling with a Salvadoran anti-mining activist, I will finish a series of poems about resource extraction
The Marblehead Peace Poetry Project gives local 8th-graders a chance to explore their ideas about peace - at home and in the world.
“Lost Things” is a beautiful little artists’ book that intends to break the heart of its reader in five photos and three poems.
This will be my first book of poems, compiled of pieces that I have written for and performed at poetry slams over the past year.___.^~
The Idiom Magazine needs donations to get a table, banners, and printed issues to distribute for free at the Brooklyn Book Festival!
Urban Tales, Poetry, Non-Fiction and Art from women in the cities of the world
A limited run, limited edition chapbook showcasing YA author Donna Jo Napoli's previously unseen poetry.
A collection of poems and illustrations about growing up and trying to understand your place in the universe.
Now You Know is to be the first print collection of Scottish poet and musician, Brian Nisbet.
Limited-edition, 44-page chapbook of 18 original poems and 18 color photographs, with letter-pressed cover and hand-stitched binding.
A book about both physical states and emotional states.
A collection of contemporary poetry
I'm publishing my first book of poetry, including my own hand-drawn illustrations. Alongside it, an album of readings set to music.
Four exciting poets of diverse culture and content present new humanistic and challenging books of poetry published by Chax Press.
A printed collection of poetry on the cultivation and (sometimes abrupt) finality of relationships, whether physical or abstract.
A love song for the broken hearted in the form of a 60 page poetry book. Bring it to life and see that you are not alone.
A two-year project, turning each psalm into a modern poem. Now it's time to open the vault for others to view. Time to publish.
With YOUR help WE can make a spoken word album that sets to announce hope and share love.
A story told in poems about a young soldier and his comrades' experiences in the Gulf War and the battles that followed them home.
Chronic, Chronos, Kairos by Jacob Russell is Damask Press' second chapbook release. In a letterpress edition of 100.
Babel/Salvage presents the newest montage of poetry by Evan J. Peterson, inspired by cinema of the horrific, fantastic and bizarre.
Help launch the poetry book Color Me Beautiful an uplift for young black women. Nikki Giovanni called it "a wonderful exploration..."
A hand-numbered, limited edition poetry collection with unique rewards. Every supporter's name will be printed in the book.
#Firstbook  #SpokenWord #Library #ChallengeSociety #SeekChange
Mouthy, the new collection of poems by Emily Rose Kahn-Sheahan.
2-3 readers. Poems. Sometimes stories. A bar with trees. 5 times/ year.
"Ripples That You Make" is a personalized poetry ebook for your children.Up to 2 childrens names will appear in this series of poems.
One Dollar = One RSV(Poem) to the most fantastical, nonsensical, and nonexistent event of your life.
We're publishing my first book of poetry using alternative methods focused on helping local words reach a broader audience.
This is a book of poetry about events in my life and the thoughts that surrounded them
Poet Giaco Furino will travel 7000 miles via Amtrak through the month of August, writing a completely new book of poetry and blogging!
The first of 4 books by poet Michael Gregory published by Post-Soviet Depression Press, focused on the environment and Bisbee, AZ.
I love writing poetry. It's been a dream of mine to publish a collection. I've got the poems, now I need help getting them in print.
Raising money to help fund Williamsburg Prep High School's Literature and Art Magazine: Epic Toast.
The second full length poetry collection by award winning transgender performance poet Jay Hulme.
A fun, surprise, “just because” gift :) 
You, or a recipient, will be mailed an original haiku based on a word/idea/phrase you provide.
Each Haiku is not only just a poem but a three line story as well
I've written a book of poems with inspiration for your writing, too. Then, off to homes & bookstores to host writers workshops.
News made poetic. Poetry made relevant.
Webcomics to STOP cultural violence aganst women. 8 international artists create an online comic  of the cult poetry book "the luci.a variations."
This book of satirical poems analyzes America's currently dysfunctional political landscape, taking no prisoners along the way.
Using the 140 characters of twitter as a guide, my idea is to write 140 poems - then publish them in a book.
I have been writing sonnets for the past 22 years. I have chosen 49  of the best of them for inclusion in a book with illustrations.
Poetry that empowers and inspires by breaking the heart open to surrender to the natural disasters and beauty of our human journey
Help release this incredible collection of poetry written by Milton Jackson, a collection solely focused on all aspects of love.
Poetry Slam is  event that poets tell their stories by heart.Then audience estimates these performances. this is the journal of slams
En brisas como susurros, el viento crea ecos agudos como el sonido de los bosques profundos. hacia un abismo de deseamor.
A book of poetry and short stories attempting to be published for Kindle and in print worldwide
Cap - Poetry is a book of poems from the mind of a Capricorn.
A Poem a Day for the Month of April.
30 Days 30 new unpublished Poems
Seeking Things Uncommon in the Events of Each Day.
I am a poet living in the Boulder, CO area. I reach deep into my bowels to scrape the life from being and transfer it to the blank page
A poetry book created by new aspiring poets inspired by the poets and  tragedy  surrounding the lives of individuals affected  WW1.
Introspectus es un libro de poesía ilustrada hecho a dos manos: las de Ibra Assez Fou poeta, y Saray Chimeno, ilustradora.
AN ATLAS ALGORITHMIC; evolution from devolution, acculturation, secularism, Golden Rules, freedom of religion and priceless, capitalism
We are a group of five High school seniors who are looking to publish our book! We write one Haiku each day in our AP World Lit class!
A collection of poems excerpted from my daily journal written during a trip to Russia, in which I gripe to myself about a girl...
Et si vous preniez le temps de vous arrêtez et lever les yeux sur le monde, votre monde ? Qu'en penseriez-vous ? De tout et de rien.
The need to document and celebrate microphone culture in the DMV is real. Mic Life stands as the vehicle for regional artists to shine.
Haikus are a beautiful form of poetry. Especially when written about things that make me angry. This book is full of angry haikus.
Collection of essays, poetry, prose, and fiction exploring themes of motherhood, ancestral connection, body image, and sexuality.
Sacramento Poetry Center's Real Poets program pairs trained poet mentors with at-risk youth to write original poems about their lives.
I want to publish my latest collection of poetry surviving with bipolar disease: lyrical, mystical, captivating.
A soul full of pain and torture is an artist when nurtured. The pain is said to be art, comes from the head but really from the heart.
Gabriel Maybank's sophomore poetry book, "Prince Noisiv's: The Art of Truth, is inspiring and powerful. Keep poetry moving forward.
My grandmother may have struggled to remember, 
but this book will ensure her words 
will never be forgotten.
My spiritual reflections, with a unique outlook on grace and God....also a few personal thoughts.
I would like to publish and market a book of poems about the wilderness times of my congregation and personal life.
I am looking to self-publish a book that has been over a decade in the making
Rich Hlywka's first Zine. A tell all story about a man's weight loss and gain. Read on as poetry, symbolism and images flood the pages.
F.D. Poetry is an online poetry magazine that will accept submissions, award monthly cash $ prizes, and donate at least 10% to charity.
A multimedia anthology, showcasing the amazing writing, artwork, and spoken-word performance of the Necessary Poetry collective.
L.I.T.A is a dual release project. A collection of poetry in both print and album form
A diary written in poetry... a Journey to the discovery of oneself. Do YOU really know who you are? I found Me because of HIM.
Asheville Wordfest is 5 years old and watched in 18 nations via live webcast. Local voices rise with internationally known poets.
This is my first book I'm trying to get published. I love writing, and I have a few more books  I'm in the process of writing now.
Send me to the 2010 Individual World Poetry Slam in Charlotte, NC Dec 8-11. I am one of only 72 poets selected this year to go. Insert smile- here :)
A relatable chapbook of poetry about love, betrayal, and today's society told in the perspective of a young black woman in America
Raising money to print my first poetry anthology entitled 'I poured her a slug that would have made me float over a wall.'

NON-PROFIT
An Artist for humanity, on fire to promote an explosion of urban poetic jazz for your soul.  Visit : www.consciouslyexposed.com
Two broke poets looking to explore the America we've heard about to create a short book of poetry and photos documenting the journey.
A book of poems about people I've known and how they've shaped the woman I've become.
A melding of strict poetic form and bathroom humor: haiku for number two!
Gilgamesh is a metaphor for all of us. He gives up godhood in search of fulfillment that his soul lacks. Both tragedy and retribution.
I believe Global Peace and calmer weather -can occur- via  -enough- of 'us' intentionally Silencing thinking for a few minutes daily.
Over a decade ago this poem was printed on a movable type press. Now it deserves to be fully illustrated and published online.
There's nothing quite like driving a long, long road to make you think.
A collection of poetry by award-winning novelist Darren Greer.
“Penetration is lasting and deep, touching every corner of your soul.”
“Let’s converse.” at Book Expo America!
I wrote a collection of poems at different points in my life.  I hope my work will inspire people in many ways. Blessings & Life to you
Old Baggage is a collection of inspirational and empowering prose poems exploring and examining stories of challenge and celebration.
Two distinguished Iraqi writers unique expression in word and image, translating their culture following the war.
This poetry collection includes pieces that will reach a generation who needs to hear a word of real life, hope and experiences!
The opportunity to look through ones soul and see what dwells within.
A collection of poetry, prose, and photography weaving together the beauty of life through the eyes of a mother.
New way to express the facts and Biblical events through vibrant images and poetic expressions in order to become prayer.
Does poetry speak to your soul? Writing poetry for me was a way to explain my internal world. I wish to inspire others to write.
Poems that are shaped by the World.
Poems in the shapes of Life.
I've been offered the chance to read off-site at AWP, but I have to get there first! I'll be reading from my book Pretty the Ugly.
I'm working on putting together a book of positive poetry by myself and others like me with a gift for spoken and written inspiration
I want to write a poem just for you. My muse is Apple's Predictive Text. The result is a thing of beauty befitting you.
A collection of contemporary, traditional and adult poetry as an expression of surviving domestic abuse and the beauty that is Freedom!
You get poetry (or whatever else I create) every week for a year. I get a stable situation to create as much work as possible!
Invite me into your heart and prepare for a whirlwind of emotions!
Stoetry is a new poetry form where a story is told in poetry. It is a creative new approach and art form in spoken word.
Poetry to help victims of abuse process their feelings and emotions.
Recording of poet, Alistair Davidson, reading his poetry from Silicon Valley Love Poems, Silicon Valley Poems, and Velvet Stride.
I want to inspire people through my poems and paintings. I want to show them that there is another way than living on the street.
Help fund a young artist's book of poems! Corpus will be a visceral collection and celebration of the body.
We all experience life in a unique way. Can we represent the full range of humanity through poetry?
A book of Poetry written by Alucard Topes, his first book over 140 poems from love to life so much for the reader to share.
This is a book of feelings and raw emotion put to page. Meant to invoke and inspire others to see the world with their heart and soul.
Exutoire, projet poésie basé sur mes sentiments et  entretiens avec des enfants du système. Collaborateur, Armand Vaillancourt.
A self-published poetry collection for those from all walks of life.
Within two months of full funding, I want to publish and distribute 120 physical copies of a 50-page book of poetry.
Thought provoking rhyming tales, in a unique LANDSCAPE ORIENTED, HC book. A culmination of 50+ years of penning quality rhyme. 370 pgs.
This is a Spanish language book of prose poetry with original photographs and a cover painted by a renowned Mexican artist. 
Poetry for the people about everyday things in the life of one slightly neurotic housewife--echoes the beat poetry style.
"Trying To Be Grown" is my first self published literature. Every journey starts with a first step, each day is a new canvas.
I write for the people of today, the busy, the creative, the hopeful and the disillusioned, never following metric but my mind and soul
Simply, give me a word, a sentence or a theme and I'll send you a custom poem printed on 5x7 cardstock.
Symphony Jones is a picture-story poem about a girl, a garden and moving forward when life gets difficult.
Monthly POETRY Gazette featuring new poets, columns, discussions, opinions, word alchemy, angst & joy; an encompassing members forum
Weeping Willow is a book of poetry about the profound journey from innocence into experience that touches the soul.
An anthology of 30 self-written poems in a handmade letter-pressed book in an edition of 120. The first 20 will be signed and numbered.
A look at life in Galveston, Texas after tourist season.
Through pain and love I am able to rise and stand against the torture I have endured, Through panin and love....
UW Madison's CUPSI Team, who took 1st place in 2010, is trying to make it back to this year's competition in NYC! Send $1 or $6000!
Four years and many journeys through head space later... I have finished my book, CD and show. Help me put on a nice show for you!
"Poetry Isn't Dead", a book of poems I  wrote during one of the hardest times of my life. My inspiration of Love. Every heart has one.
I am a retired nurse with emphysema caused primarily from a genetic disease. My Spirit given gift is poetry and I want to honor Jesus.
It's all about dragons, demons, blood, and gold: 100 original poems 
that echo in the dark.
Ithaca Lit: Lit with Art. Publishing its first annual year in review print edition. The "Best Of IthacaLit" from www.ithacalit.com
The wanderings of a man stuck in the 60's and found his talent's late in life. The art of poetry and photography seen through his eyes.
Seeking to write a book of poetry illuminating the experiences of the homeless problem in Denver since the legalization of marijuana.
A poetic handbook for pagans and magicians, covering topics such as assonance, consonance, composition, and performance of incantations
Publish a book of poems written to my late wife, starting when she was operated on for pancreatic cancer. Poems of love and hope.
Why here as the title: The navel?

In a navel we find everything! As my book.
A book of poetry & crafted thoughts for the modern day & past created by a disabled author who is showing the world we are the same.
Poetry perfect for a Summer Romance.
a unique poetry and art project based on the historical "Hobo Symbols" used by hobos to communicate with others
collection of amusing poems, songs and rappy-rhymes that need more people to SMILE at them! publish this to share the Smiles & Love!
Some of Robert Burns' best work is in the Scots Dialect. This new book will make it accessible to the 21st Century American.
A collection of poetry from a simple veteran dreamer.
A book of poetry, prose, and stories developed over fifteen years. 
A compilation composed of dedication and creative need.
This poetry book is from my heart. It's meant to inspire people to live their dream - a life FULL of purpose and value.
Ever had a story to tell that could only be told through the eyes of you? Perspective seeing beyond the surface creates that story.
Together We Flow is about finding the power to follow your dreams. It's full of words of hope that inspire you to dream and to believe.
'Enter the Heart of My Soul' will be a book that will make you laugh, cry, smile, and think
To publish my  inspirational quotes book
Create a poster for the poem the Striper's Soul that I wrote.
I would like support to fund the publishing and sale of a new book of poems..
This book consist of thought provoking short stories and inspirational poems, that will motivate readers to move forward.
Together we are creating a book of poetry and a limited edition version of the book with art from original and upcoming creators!
To promote my fourth and best poetry collection, I need to print copies--and friends & family want signed copies. Thanks for helping!
Thrilling the senses with adventure and  compassion for the world around us.
I'm a new author trying to market my book, Curses From A Kiss, by having a book signing.
Rhythmic Truth is a second collection of poetry that is meant to be read and heard. It's a book & album set!
Recueille de poésie, de ma tendre enfance a aujourd'hui. Distribution offerte dans des centre de fin de vie.
As the Ice Laughed is a book of poetry about laughter and heartache by Samuel J. Gallagher coming this fall from Rabble Rabble Books!
The first spoken word/poetry project from Cleveland artist Bianca Michelle...FIRST TIME. I know there will be a second and third time!
Hey Honees! I'm working on a collection of poetry entitled On Display. I need your help making this a reality! Won't you pledge?
Experiencing life as an average boy and fancifully put them into words.
A literary festival bringing in 19 authors to support rural WCWF writers teaching writing to K-12 students, veterans and the homeless.
I'm a tenderfoot of a poet just getting my feet wet !!!
As inspiration for my second book, I am hoping to travel around the world for six months and share these experiences through poetry.
Inner emotions, dreams, past experiences, views of the world & the people in it are just a few subjects of reading in this poetic book!
NASA funding is dwindling—but why? People need inspiration to care. Space needs its wonder back, and space poetry is the answer.
'Turtle Neck, True-Blue, and Snake' is the first collection of poems and writings by Julian Klincewicz, through 3 mediums.
I have written a lot of poetry over the course of my life and I would like to collect them together and put them into a book.
I'm seeking to self-publish CAR POETRY IN MOTION: COMEDIC VERSE FOR THE AUTO-ACTIVE READER will be the first book to combine cars, poetry and humor!
We need the machine you see to make "Tiles" independent publishing a home for yet unpublished poets and short story writers.
Poetry about love, loss, life, and pain. These experiences are intended to move you to action in a way that maybe you have never felt.
PoetryForward:  Backer Inspired, Artistically Adorned
For every poem there is a reason. They might mean something different to everyone. With Angry Love I have included why I wrote mine.
A book filled with life changing poetry that will tug at heart-strings, bring heartfelt smiles, and life changing moments.
A visceral body of poetry and thoughts featuring rare, complex and intricately woven forms of 3D interactive literary expression.
LRWH will release 2 new publications, 2 cd's/audio books, and 2 brand new EP's, while setting up live venues to showcase other poets.
This collection proves advice on how to live a good life can come from  unlikely sources. Wisdom can come from inantimate objects.
An urban-inspired take on spoken word, soliloquy, rhyme, prose, free verse and more. Detroit made.
I have finished writing a book and I need it published!
72HRS  to back, launch and publish our time capsule of LOVE; declarations, expressions & confessions, to EARTH's orbit this fall.
Turtle Syndrome, is very different and unique, I love to touch hearts through words. a book of poetry with a different twist.
publish my first book/my Book is finish just to be Publish
Saliek the Sheek began his career as an author, in the late nineties. He officially took to the craft this year, 2014.
Thoughtful, funny, and sometimes twisted - a collection of children's poems and songs for the kid in all of us.
Anthology made up exclusively of brand new, unpublished poems by Nicholas Gagnier.
With the help of his friends, an imaginative poet explores love and identity while battling seamonsters, naysayers, and himself.
Poetry/video/art project celebrating awesome people. A poetry book that isn't about the writer, it's all about the readers!
Custom, hand-written books containing a collection of poetry by Richard Spencer LaBute.
Talented Poet Ralph Killey from Liverpool would really appreciate your help to get his book Printed "An Umbrella in the Rain"
I went through a tough time growing up and I started writing a book of poetry. It really helped me and I wanted to share it with others
The book I've written has a unique twist- an introduction prior to the poem, providing the reader knowledge of true, inspired events.
An auto-biography written in prose & spoken word poetry that dares to examine the similarities in the human condition. An epic read!
Work influenced by Poe, Charles Baudelaire & Dante. Most focuses on philosophy, man's battle of good vs. evil & gothic romance.
"There is perhaps no contemporary poet whose connection to Russian Futurism is so overt." Gerald Janecek, Scholar (from Foreword)
This is a collection of spiritually oriented nature, devotional  and praise poetry.
"Sketches In Time:Sequestered Thoughts" is 1 of 3 Poetry/Self-Actualization books in Audio CD; Book; & Documentary Film of the Journey.
With lots of heart pounding tragedy in my life I have written what I have been told lots of inspiring poems and I want to publish them
A collection of poems and writings shared by the broken hearts and wounded minds of those suffering from mental illness.
Rants, truths, and raw thoughts bound together into one vastly relatable book. It doesn't get closer to the human core than this.
Original poems, quotes & keepsakes from an 'every man/every woman' point of view, cleverly veiled in wisdom as well as wit.
Poets respond to "Graphic Intervention: 25 Years of International AIDS Posters". Artbook/chapbook pairing the posters with poems.
I have written a book of poetry titled K.I.S.H. "Kindled Inspiration surrounded by Hope" with amazing stories that prompted the poems..
Munny 4 Tom:

First Line: "I am Tom and i need some money, If you give me some, it'll be quite funny."
Help me bring to life a book of poetry and art work, 'The Beauty Of It All'
I wanna write poetry for people.
Collection of Victorian-themed poems of love, romance, and loss for ladies.  Fully illustrated with digital art created by the poet.
I'm a poet looking to self publish my first book to get started.
Written by Celso Nery Rastaman of Livingston Guatemala. Originally written in Garifunan about the trials and ways of a Rastaman.
Poems from the heart. Time captured in words. Moving, thought-provoking, intense. Emotions will stir from moments you can relate to.
A Walk In My Shoes is the re-release my first poetic muse A New Pair of Shoes. It is filled with beautiful inspiring poetry.
Bring bi-lingual Children's Books authors from the US to San Salvador for 3 days of workshops/festival for children from rural schools.
I am working on my first works for publishing. My intention is to self publish, and for this I seek financial backing.
Naked Lungs is a newly established Birmingham collective focused on promoting and providing a platform for a myriad of art forms.
The Latin American Poetry Festival will hold poetry readings, performances, panel discussions and workshops in New York City.
A dark poetic autobiographical journey of one man's struggles to find himself . A manifesto about faith and life on the fringes.
A short book of my poetry, not a complete collection.
First time launching a project like this.
Want to help a published poet write new poems, and pay her rent? For $30, I'll write a poem inspired by you in 2015.
My project gives the reader a guide on how to get past feelings. It's for the kids that have no friends and feel alone.
A book of short poems. £30 donation will get you a prom written about anything you desire. £60 gets a poem & your pic next to your poem
Just published my first poetry collection! Seeking support to cover the cost of ordering my first 100 copies and some of the overhead.
A sci-fi poetry collection - my first book, to be self-published - sharing connections through traveling and smiles :)
A collection of heartfelt poems about growing up, self-discovery, and finding love and joy in becoming a whole woman and human being.
Cheeks-Too-Soft recites story poetry of humour/drama of Dusty Trails, invoking side splitting laughter for all aged cowboys & cowgirls.
MY VISION : MATTER MADE CONSCIOUS

The project is to publish my first book of poetry ( working title "MATTER MADE CONSCIOUS").

Poetic Cultivation is my journey and passion through this life. I am currently focused on taking these written words to the next step.
I am Cheyenne T. Jacobs and I am a published poet and author on Amazon.  Now I am looking to publish my second poetry book.
It's time to get the 6th book of the Sweet Poetry Series up and running!  Help me out and get your own copy!!!!!
Life's Journey to Destiny is a poetry compilation inspired by God for the purpose of reaching out to people from all walks of life.
Be a Muse!  Inspire, aspire, and be immortalized in a stir of moving words.  Gather the largest number of Muses in the world!
In " A Fifth Dimension ", Elias takes you once again on a journey in which you cannot but wonder if you will ever reach its boundaries.
A book of unusual poems written and illustrated by the artist E Matthews. Narrative in form, story in style, nonsense that makes sense.
This book tells about pleasure and pain, trials, tribulation and triumph in poetry form! Everyone will be able to relate !!!
I've written one hundred haiku about YOUTH. Help me publish this collection.
The Anxiety of a Millennial is a poetry compilation that is meant to embody the anxiety of the millennial generation as we come of age.
living my dream of publishing my poetry book to share with the world, reaching out to people of all ages
DEAD BIRDS or AVIAN BLUES is a book of short poetic plays, with birds and animals commenting on the human condition; love, anger, power, sex.
Help me finally make  my dream of having a poetry book published become a reality.
A collaborative collection of poetry and photography featuring a thematic backdrop of life behind the bar and inside the bottle.
Allowing dreams to become reality - from moments of truths and tears transcending into the poet I have always been now with travel.
"See self-destruction conquer the soul of an empty man."

                                       ~ CHURCH
First-of-its-kind, graphic poetry memoir about self-acceptance offers distinctive forum for poetry & a unique experience for the reader
15 years, 190 rejection letters, but the ambition is still alive. This book will see the light of day, come Hell or High Water
"On the Defense of Pain" is a short story told through poetry.
Another superb book of poems by a published Native American author, telling stories of life and nature through poetic verse.
A book of Pacific Northwest influenced poetry invited to debut in Ireland at the Fermoy International Poetry Festival.
I want to publish a book of annoyances collected from everyone. Nothing Harsh, just a book that anyone can occasionally open and relate
A Whispered Siren is a poetry based story about the growth of young men via tragedies and happenings between the ages of 10 and 25.
The 1st book by American political satirist Papa Possum. 14 original satires in verse with accompanying illustrations and notations.
I need funding to work on an experimental poetry book, one that is a mix of sci-fi and semiotics/linguistics.
A collection of poems about Motivation,Love,inspiration,hope and Faith
"I Choose You" is my spirit, soul and body, the expression of my love for my wife.  May it speak to you.
A collection of poems hand bound in a timeless leather look.
Liaisons is a collection of poetry based upon the Author's exotic travels throughout Turkey, Spain, The Middle East, and France
WestBow Publishing a partner of   Zondervan want to publish me, view 23 pages of my book here:      http://www.blurb.com/books/6148255
Poetry is cool. I want to do for poetry what Cirque du Soleil did for the circus-make it edgy, original and entertaining. 
Through an inspired melding of his unique voice and inspiring photographic images of nature, Sentimental Me is Born!
Assist Sublimation Pressworks in publishing an edition of poetry entitled "The Marchioness in Red."
Our mission is to provide an outlet for writers to get published in a real book, without all the expenses associated with publication.
We offer affordable classes and workshops in the arts, designed to provide students with real-world application of their skills.
I'm Isaac, a 12 year old from the North East! My goal is to publish my poetry book to take my mam to Norway to see the northern lights!
Poems from and after war. The transition of becoming a civilian again, dealing with the past, and how it impacts everyday life.
This book is a collection of poetry compiled by Terressa Kennedy and
is dedicated in loving memory of her mother, Ida Arleene Kennedy.
I want to promote this poetry book on Amazon.com. If you want to read my poetry search online for Olan poems- Hello Poetry.
Poetry has been a part of my life since I was eighteen yrs old. This project allows me to share my passion, my gift to the world.
Turning my self published collection of poetry into an audio book experience, complete with background music for each poem.
EXPRESSIONS AND THOUGHTS OF A POETS LIFE. AN ENTERTAINING AND ENJOYING READ FOR A WIDE AUDIENCE.
Odyssey blogs where lit and travel meet, with literary events for travelers. This is a reading of Whitman's poem where he conceived it.
Book of verse that I want to publish with Westbow Publishing, a division of Thomas Nelson Publishers.
An event to expose my book to the world & get copies in each of the 50 states & to sell 5,000 books on or before event date of 3/31/12.
The table is the altar of the day, the bed is the altar of the night, we  ourselves are the offering.
An anthology showcasing young poets from inner-city Memphis -- seeking talented makers of verses and curses with truth to tell.
hello i have an idea to make my third deck-of-card poem this time it will be about love - would you like to have one?
Gordon Stacey, Gordy to friends and family, overcomes his schizophrenia and creates his poetry collection 'Words Form The Soul'.
"Every Any Thing" is a collection of original poems and drawings designed to stimulate thought through creativity, wit and humor.
Writings to inspire others, especially survivors of abuse, trauma, and disability. -- I can,  I will.  I'm able.  I am not a label.
A collection of about 50 poems I have written in the last two years. A small book of how I came to where I got to be.
New Book! The in your face realities of a darker side of thought... and how I was able to overcome them. This book is my life & journey
A collection of haiku written by me over the years
Hi Everyone,
This project is  a funding effort for my third spoken word full length As long As You're Happy thanks for your support
A chapbook containing "Dear Ivy," entries in the form of cross prose poetry. Similar to Magic Helicopter's "Dear Lil Wayne".
Introducing my first book in poetry. Looking to raise funds to help push my book.  Any donations will be appreciated.
A collection of urban poetry for the brown girl's soul...
"Soar High" is a collection of original poetry that describes the quest to discover the authentic self.
Poetry invokes emotion, this book will invoke fear, horror, love, hate, and other emotions that dwell in the chaotic halls of our mind.
Flippin' Scripts(TUT) is an collection of spoken word poetry from newcoming Kenny-McKinley "KingDollaz" Boone
experimental poet Abbigail B explores identity inside three 4'x4'x4' plexiglass cubes. this is not your grandmother's poetry.
Little Bit of This, Little Bit of That, and a Lot of Love is a book of poetry and prose all about Love in one form or another.
Payam Feili's collection of love poetry "White Field" is banned in Iran. Find out why and pledge to give him a voice.
I will write a short poem for you, the backer, about a subject of your choice and email it to you.
Publication of the collected works of an almost lost WWI Scottish Poet & donation of 50% of the copies to the Red Cross on his behalf.
"An Immortalization of Words"  Lessons from The Written Word & lessons learned from life, all condensed into my first book of poetry!
Help us publish this book, a collection of poetry, full of love and emotions!
Is This Country?, a book of poems & lyrics, is now in a 2nd edition, and trying to reach a wider audience (i.e. more than my family).
Words and images reminding us of a life that is created to be experienced---though broken we have a divine spark that beckons us.
This is a collection of my work so far in life. My poems are my children, sometimes tortured and dark or fun but all reflect life, me.
Poetry that reminds people of their worth and bring light to any dark area. Words that show a future of happiness can be achieved.
Sustainability, organic food and poetry don't often get together.  I am uniting these cousins in this project called Sustenance.
I want to create a book of poetry that will be held in the same regards as Poe, or at least a very disgruntled Dr. Seuss.
I'm veteran & writer, who's struggled with depression & anxiety. I've used poetry as a medium to capture my journey with handling it.
I've learned things that can inspire millions, save thousands, motivate hundreds, & assist the world- Believe in the Power of Poetry
It's been six years since I've started writing and performing poetry. Help me publish my first collection!
I have put together a selection of my poetry that I have written to My God, My friends, and my wife into a book.
Support New Emerging Poets by keeping literature and the oldest form of descriptive and genuine expression alive.  Help poets thrive!
A collection of poetry inspired by imagination, perception, emotion, memory, multicultural experiences, and personal revolution.
Golden Ache is a collection of prose poems and short stories, written from 2007 to 2010.
Imagination is the bridge to innocence.
The carnival of the word. The celebration of cultural diversity by the word and writings of latinoamericans poets.
Whales in these poems take readers through the muddiness of humanisation but they do not sabotage the perceptions of pure wilderness.
I'm a street poet. I sit in public with a typewriter and compose poems for passers-by about anyone or anything.
I am seeking to self-publish my first collection of poetry, Shadow and Light.
The Other Side of Having VOL l, expresses the bittersweet side of caring in such a way, that you'll want to read it again and again:)
The first of 4 books by poet Michael Gregory published by Post-Soviet Depression Press, focused on the environment and Bisbee, AZ.
Hinchas de Poesía breaks into the small press racket by cutting their  teeth on Jim Heavily's "The Bringer of Culture."
Do you enjoy reading poetry? Well you will love my collection! Follow me on my journey from preteen to adulthood and hear my thoughts.
A chapbook of poems inspired by photos from YOU!
Printing a book called "boy." and plotting the Paper Walls and Wild Shine tour that will bring it to you.
Motivational and Inspirational
I believe that poetry can help us get in touch with our most intimate self. Haiku poetry is simple, and yet profound.
Want to promote the hell out of You Are Here, sell thousands of copies and become a famous author. You can help (money and otherwise).
New manuscript needs to be edited. I have a new manuscript that needs to be finished. A collection of poetry from 2011-2012
My goal is to  create a new poetry collection that retells stories, myths and legends reborn through a modern eye.
This project is the product of my up's my downs it is an internal ride through my process of living, a heart felt walk through my mind.
My poetry rides the wings of eagles to bring hope to the hopeless and light to the darkness, as I write for God's glory.
A godly woman isn't just a title. She is a woman who knows her worth and keeps God first and center in everything, always in all ways.
"NO ONE KNOWS
THE LOVE I’VE SEEN
IN MY MOTHER’S EYES
THE GENTLENESS IN HER TOUCH
OR THE STRENGTH IN HER VOICE
THAT GAVE ME MINE"
Help me fund the release of my first collection of original poems.  All proceeds go to production costs and ISBN # purchase.
Prayers, Poetry, and Promises concerning the struggle after finding faith not only in God but yourself.
Publishing Chapbooks of original Lyrics,Verse and Poetry:  The first Edition is titled " The Lyricman Cometh "
We are the children born in the 1990's and 2000's. 
This is our book of poems written by us, the generation left to fix the world.
A photographic focus on the towns of Johannesburg, Soweto, and South Africa's rural area through the 1980's with poetry  inspirations.
I have created poetry in various forms I would like to share them with the world. I have written 109 poems that inspire inner  thoughts
Join Creator Katie Detrich and the Artists of Welcome to Neverland on their journey to read with 100,000 children in 365 days!
I am writing a short book of poems themed around life and travel in Africa and other places. Hope to publish this by June of 2015.
This will be a collection of 50 original poems set on to matching photographs.
I'm a poet who lives 15 minutes from the now infamous 'Ferguson Mo. I want to publish a collection of poems about my experience.
To publish my poems that celebrate life, history and love inspired by my time working at the World Trade Center Memorial Museum.
My first poetry collection. A compilation timeline of short poems about the process of coping with love and the beauty of moving on.
""Monument Row" is the title of a free verse poetry collection divided up in three parts: Romantic/Utopia_Absurdities_Antithesis.
Excerpts from My Resume is a collection of poetry stemming from my everyday life and the people I encounter.#jospoetry enjoy! ♡♡
This purpose of this project is to raise funding to publish a short book of thirty poems written in the thirty days of April 2013
An exploration of the complexity of human existence in contradiction to programmable and emotionless robots.
Combines excitement of baseball with the elevated language, imagery and fun of poetry and verse.  Annual hard-copy / web publication.
The book is a collaborative of 9 African American female literary artists contributing to a Harlem Renaissance type art show in WPB.
Changing poverty to wealth, love, and peace and harmony.
I want to put my MA to use and share the beauty of Ireland with the world. Who wants to help me spread cultural awareness?
This is my 3rd book, I am trying to raise a # of sales to be able to sell on  amazon.com, Barnes & Noble etc. I hope to inspire readers
Wouldn’t it be awesome if every Fortune 500 company employed a full-time poet? Help me to hire the first full-time, corporate poet.
In March, I get to travel in support of my first book, Feltboard Revival, covering no less than 6 cities in 10 days.
A series of poetry readings at Blue Bicycle Books during the 2nd week of Spoleto. Featuring non-confessional, organically formed poems.
A collection of poems written through the eyes of a young, female funeral director assistant. Tender, sorrowful, grisly, controversial.
I will always give inspiration through poetry and music, with all hope of lifting the spirits, creating an everlasting grateful heart.
Book of poetry exploring themes of Christian Anarchy, submission, and resistance.  First Project of Anarchy 7 Books
Windows to the Soul Vol #1 will be a series of poetry and spoken word shorts describing love, social indifference, and modern society.
This Empowerment Book inspires people touched by cancer to fight and to process while they co-create it and to share their stories.
I wish to use my esoteric mind to help others create poetic (or prose) wedding vows that help share the depth of their soul's love.
"What!" is a collection of new poems written by Micah Beck
Book tour for two new "experimental" poetry books: Josef Kaplan's Democracy is Not for the People and Diana Hamilton's Okay, Okay
My heart and soul in print. The Twisted Bridge is a human life. It represents challenges and stages of life many of us will experience.
Accepted by publisher, 40 poems that centre around devotion spiritual affirmation subconscious dream dances and nature.
An anthology of 30 poems in a handmade letter-pressed book in an edition of 150. The first 50 will be signed and numbered.
Epic challenges, transformations, and creativity through haiku.
There's a revolution afoot & I'm ready to play my part, not tentatively, but fully. Poetry & writing will reveal the inner revolution.
A Second and A Century is a collection of various works of poetry, prose, american drama and verse written by author Mat Harmon.
Traveling by train with my typewriter in hand, writing poems for strangers   to put together a compilation of original crafted words.
To hike the PCT writing poetry, celebrate my 50th birthday mid way, and be in nature's arms. I'm surviving cancer for the third time.
I've been writing poetry since I could spell, and it is how I pray. Samples are on Facebook at Prayer Poetry.
Aufgrund meiner Leidenschaft fürs Gedichte schreiben will ich diese nun in einem eigenen Gedichtband veröffentlichen.
Luna, the spirit of the moon, faces off with Satan, the fallen star. But can one woman save the world from the Devil, or will she fall?
New Wanderers, a nomadic poetry collective, sponsors poets on long term travel projects. Please help us acquire nonprofit status!
70 poets. 7 countries. 1 anthology. 1 mission...to spread Good Newz.
Book of prose that will open your eyes and heart to lessons that we can learn from nature.
RAH is a fifty-something year-old man, with a life-challenging illness,  who is living on the streets of Modesto, California.
An online poetry community where poets can read, write, publish and share poetry.
A poetry compilation written throughout the last 10 years of my life.
I am seeking funding to self-publish my chapbook-length verse play, Pneumolalia!
Set myself the goal of writing 100 poems for my FB friends. Any theme, any style... Want to keep going, but make it wider. Want a poem?
Trying to publish anthology of poetry written in the midst of a dv marriage, to inspire women that they too can escape despite mistakes
The News Factory is a look at the quickly fading culture of New York city. This is a look at the lives that are being white washed from history.
"A Brooklyn Project" an urban book of poetry from the authors perspective of living in Farragut Projects located in Brooklyn, NYC.
"The Etymology of Survival" is a poetry collection about discovering identity and using vulnerability as a source of strength.
You have read my daily Words of Wisdom on Facebook for almost 2 years. Please help me to put these words in a book for all to read.
Spoken Word Slam Poetry
Exploring Culture, Consciousness & Occupy Movement
It's a book like no other. A book that will be the first in a seris. A book that will fit on your bookshelf. A book that you can read.
Please help raise money to send Ellyn Maybe & Her Band to perform at the Glastonbury Festival in the Europe.
I am a poet who is looking for funding to publish my first poetry book to help raise awareness of our potential & higher nature.
We have chosen to extend Soul Stuff to those whose future is a testament to accessing the beautifully unbeautiful stuff we wrestle with
Christian book written with monologues and poetry for girls across the nation.
7 Books of poems as themes is a life time of poetry, consisting of experiences emotions ups and downs the good the bad the light & dark
The bantership is a series of poems I've written over the past few years that speak to the possibilities of life after tragedy.
This Inspirational Book/Music/poetry CD will take you from transitions to transformation. A journey of our Soul's evolution.
Rocking Your Soul with Art and Poetry That Comes Alive!
Snooki Be Not Proud is a chapbook of classic poetry that's been revamped to pay tribute to our favorite celebrities.
Collection of poems, prose and pictures to celebrate Tamblyn Way; the historic, Cornish, coastal steps down to Perranporth bay!
A series of poems about pure love  pursued by the passion of another (The Wolf of Elveron)

What love is this that so endures........
Sawmill Boys tackles geography & environment, love & passion, childhood & aging, heartache & joy, and religion & spirituality. Honors the mountains.
"If u feel a brush pass your face. A touch at your waist. That maybe the hands of grace extending as I pray.."The journey of a soulmate
Monthly newsletter highlighting poetry readings in San Antonio. Donations solicited for newsletter will go to San Antonio Food Bank.
This, my first book of poetry, is a collection of fifty of my life's best creative poems from sixth grade to today.  Enjoy the journey!
Sexy Poems for those that are curious and feeling things they have never felt before. Intertwined with full color intimate photos.
It's time to do a second printing of my poetry book! I did a printing of 100 copies the first time around and they quickly sold out.
This is my first poetry book and I'm looking for a little $upport in getting "The Rite and Rise of Royal R'Kitec" published. Thanks!!!
Humblement, j'aimerais vous embarquer l'espace d'un instant dans mon univers, dans ces fragments de vie que j'ai saisis sur le papier.
Help C.O.N.C.A. spread their message of Chican@ unity around the country!
An educational book filled with shorty story poems and pictures that can be enjoyed by all ages.
Poetry can express so much. This project is to publish a book of poetry in various formats for readers to enjoy.
Then & Now and After All are two separate poetry books that combined poetry with an aesthetic background to connect with the reader.
Seasons of the Soul is a collection of poetry that I am publishing to help bring awareness to depression and suicide.
Book of Poetry and Madness
The changing world through the eyes of a young scottish man, articulated through poetry.
It's inevitable that someone will break your heart. It's how we recover that defines us.
:60 Poetry is a writing experiment in rapid-fire style poetry.
The paperback first edition of a sci-fi color illustrated poetics chapbook plus flash fiction detailing characters Xylia and Yantsl.
An original poetry publication regarding family, love, longing and all the sacred things in between.
I have always wanted to self publish my poetry book "Reflections" To see it in a book store and having others read it would be a dream.
My mind is often occasioned by a field beside my house so I would like to write and share a poem about it.
Haiku, Senryu, Tanka and long-form poems, both secular and religious, these poems describe my journey through the last several years.
I would like to finally out all my years of poetry writing into a full length book. Self publish and distribute nation wide
Inside this book, you will find poems fueled by frustration, love, nature, human-nature, and general interests. Allons-y!
"Though when dancing in darkness it's easier to hide; sometimes it's good to put some lights on".  This unique poetry does just that.
This is a very personal, creative endeavor to share personal reflections on everything urban, peaceful and feminine.
E.W. is currently (TUT)
Words paint a picture, 

They spread through the mind and heart.

Let me share with you.
I require start-up funds to market my book about mental-illness called "Original Sin."
Exploring what happens when the mind is unleashed through meditative poetry.  It's time to listen to the mind, not silence it.
Poetry that expresses the emotional turmoil of the American experience from the view of a woman trying to find identity in it's midst.
New look
New me
But what do you see?
My face, my heart?
My end
My start?
My beginning
My end
The beginning is only the...
Through the ups and downs of life... starts & stops. Storysongs, ballads, poems, writings... unlocked treasures flowing from my heart.
Bringing together Haikus and photographs. Uniting people around the world through words and images. Ancient and modern united.
Edit and publish a CD with works of electronic poetry from Cuban authors. This CD will be send to Cuba to be freely distributed.
i want to get the goal to publish my book of poems
Written in the style of Dr. Seuss, this poetry book describes the amazing and exotic female anatomy in a whole new (and dirty) way!
"Orcish Poetry" is a collection of poems by the fantasy monsters, Orcs.
Dear Black Man is a keepsake highlighting the personal battles and social issues we face as well as the love needed to persevere.
Lemon Juice is a saucy chapbook of poetry by Miss Kayla Lemons to be self-published in August.
A collection of poems that rhythmically relate a philosopher's search for truth in such matters as spirituality, politics and love.
Poems from over 100 Colorado poets grace the pages of this diverse and elegant anthology. Poets were guest readers on The Poetry Show.
This project is a visual poetry book.  Each photograph in the series will be accompanied by by an original poem.
The objective of this project lies in connecting different parts of the world through the poetry inspired by that interaction.
A FUSION OF PASSION, PAIN AND INTOLERANCE WOVEN INTO WORDED OUTBURSTS.
I have completed my second book and want to proceed with publishing. I want to promote my current book as well.
The 6th Annual Poems Under the Dome is a celebration of National Poetry Month inside San Francisco's City Hall! For Poets, by Poets!
This project is about raising money to write a new book. I am just completing my first book,  "A Nun's First Love".
I am currently writing a book of poetry and photography entitled "Strategically Placed Words". I need help to get it finished.
Eclectic unique mix leaving virtually no subject untouched
20+ years in the making
of poetry, prose and short stories
SELF PUBLISHING MY FIRST BOOK AND HAVING AN ARTIST SHOWCASE ON THE DAY MY FATHER PASSED IN 2013. NEED FUNDING FOR EVENT APRIL 24
A collection of poems and quotes birthed from from the taint of life. These words give voice to the dark part of the human condition.
Finding out how the world works around you through theory!
The story of the people in the streets, alcoholic, drug abuser, welfare mother, prostitute, drug dealer, homeless.
I am working on a book of poetry for 2016 which will include all the poems written nearly 25 years ago.
Verbal Soul Elixir is a duo project consisting of Tenisha’s first published book and spoken word CD, both entitled the same.
If you love are friend Matt baker then you'll love this . the Matt backer word if the day calendar!
Join me on this rollercoaster ride of emotions & life experiences. Follow me on this journey that has no destination. Find peace/pieces
Through tears I wrote poetry & published my book in hopes to stop banks foreclosure on me and my Veteran husbands home.
Enjoy!
See what the world sees, think what no one has ever thought. One Flag, She Is Not Alzheimer, Sick Of Sickle cell, Bleeding Green.
Venta de poemas propios imprimidos en diferentes soportes. Quiero traducir los poemas para vender a todo el mundo mi poesia
Listen to readings of William Shakesspeare's greatest titles.
I Know what I Saw: Poems of the Unexplained is a poetry anthology on the theme of paranormal phenomena.
A simple fight to maintain ownership of my performance name... and fund a pretty kick-ass tour.
Help support a new rhyming Utopian vision by Madhuri Z K Ewing. Inspired by Osho. Lavishly illustrated with b&w drawings.
Help me bring my 3rd book to life and bring Love back into yours. Essence of Love is a collection of poetry that speaks from the heart.
Talented poet with completed manuscript needs help to cover editors fees/ publication costs of first collection. visit:www.dlmchale.com
Blurbiddy blurby blurb blurb
Poetry Collection: 2001-2009.
This is a compilation of poetry and songs by Tammy Kevwitch during her transition from mental illness to mental health. Inspirational.
Reflections through running; this project explores the challenges and paradox in the continuous trail of self-actualization.
Poerty is how i express myself. I love to write, and i always have. Now i feel like sharing it.
A short excerpt:

Searching I go..
Through deep valleys of desire..
Hoping there to find..
What I have lost..
In the valleys of my mind
I'll describe my poetry as vague as this. It's me.
Helping to publish the unpublished youth through a collective book of short stories and poetry. Keep creating.
The goal is to introduce a unique pairing of poetry and painting, capturing musical, artistic, and literary experiences/journeys.
I wrote 20 poems about love, longing, loss, hope, and nature.  I want to publish them with colorful pictures in a chapbook for you.
Looking to publish a poetry book of 80-100 pgs. It will consist of two peoples work and will be hardcover. Cover by Savannah Castranda.
Create and publish the sixth book in the Sweet Poetry series of poetry books!
We need your help to publish the next issue of our magazine, The New York Quarterly. 
I would like to make an impact on the world with my poems. They are like a biography of experience while still appealing to all
Inspired by the late Charles Bukowski, looking to self publish my first volume of poetry with the money of people who crave madness
The book is written. I wish to print and distribute 100 copies to publishers, journals, and critics.
I will be traveling state to state taking photos of writing on public  restrooms walls turning these writing in to book a of poems
Football; the most popular, passionate and inspiring game on the planet, immortalised in a series of eleven poems.
I am trying to create my own book of poems and short stories from being in the military. A collection from my time served.
I live in a community with a high suicide rate.
To write and publish something that can inspire life rather than death is my goal.
This project aims to fund the research, writing and production of my first poetry collection and work as Fenland Poet Laureate 2014
A booklength poem exploring a life lived without language.
A collection of concrete, visual and collage poems
This is a book of poetry and art photography.
I have been a writer since 5th grade and my dream has been to Publish a collection of my poems, help me make it happen!
Experimental poetry epic chronicling the real-life events of a young schizoaffective single dad searching for peace and understanding.
A collection of poems from openheartsopeneyesopenminds.blogspot.com, as well as new poems never before seen!
Script: Form of Storytelling with a Rhyming Format.  Often Poetic Topical Verses Written with Proffesionally Complex Literary Elements
This is a audio book about my life and the poetry and stories I have written. These are the stories I must tell.
I've published an e-book and need help making a professional hardcover book.  I write daily and need to expand into the market.
This will be my third collection of poetry, and deepest portion of a journey that has been marked by critical praise.
True life stories of a middle aged mans quest for love and romance.
Thank you for taking your time to view my project. This is my first book which serves to inspire hope, resilience, healing & growth
This is audio book is a poetic soliloquy done over soothing original music. The poems featured are from FOR THE LOVE OF WOMEN OF COLOR.
Overcoming depression through poetry.
I am seeking funding to publish and market a new book of poetry.  Most of the funding will go to marketing materials and promotions.
Hey boo-boo!  Harder than your average bear and with a bit of wily poetry to share.  Lend us a hand, won't you?
"The Paws for Poetry Review", a book of previously unpublished poetry.  All profits benefit a NYC animal shelter.
Broken Thought Press seeks to print The Filatory: Compendium I, works from anonymous writers around the globe.
Verse is an independent poetry collection featuring previously unpublished authors. It also includes original artwork.
I'd like to publish a book of haiku, I just need topics for the poems and a little cash for the publishing costs.
WFTL is a unique poetry book inspired by images captured by the poet. A picture is worth 1,000 words and we turned them into poetry.
Join Connor on an adventurous journey looking at life, death and the world around us through this collection of lyrical short stories.
All of us have dreams and my dream is to share my Story with the world.I  want to get this Manuscript Edited and Published!
Попытка самоиздать книгу своих работ. / Self-publishing a book of my poems.
A collection of poems and illustrations detailing why men are awesome and debunking many man myths along the way. Come on it's fun!
Come meet local author and poet, Joe Charogoff, at this one day event- RELATIVELY WRITING- with a free book raffle, food and coffee
Not just poems, but alternatives. Not just dreams, but hopes. Be part of the adventure.
Help publish a homeless poet's poetry.
The parents of Lieve V. asked me to illustrate her poem book. She committed suicide. Their goal is to help mental patients such as L.
Aphrodite's Venom is a deliciously sinful book of poetry that deserves proper light to shine.....
Help Me Release The Venom
I want to build an anthology of poetry that speaks to the inner geek in us all. I've got some, and I want to pay for more
I wrote a poem about the Sandy Hook school shooting that I need illustrated and self published. Plan on sending to the families.
I am creating a series of poetry books along with clothing and accessories to raise awareness of love and hope in our local communities
I never imagined myself as brain washed. Art & poetry was the only thing that tore down the walls Scientology built to contain me.
A chapbook press for young/underexposed poets in a low cost and easily scaleable format that also teaches book/zine making.
a complete anthology of poetry from 1997-2005
"satire, love sonnets, lyrics, ballad, free verse, with all kinds of poetic invention"
The things we don't know how to say to the people who matter most.
A spoken word and dance music video project. Created by students for students. Produced professionally in New York City.
Un libro su coloro che ho amato, perduto e mai dimenticato. A book about the ones that I loved, miss and never forget.
I've written poems I believe in. I want to publish them so that people can read them... because I believe in them!
I'm going to write and print a poetry book based on time spent on the West Coast in SF and the East Coast in NYC...and it's about love.
Our collection incorporates writing prompts, sample poems by the AP's, and a bibliography of additional fantastic resources for beginning poets.
What I want to get done,
is a limerick book of fun.
And at your behest,
write one of your request.
Five lines and bad jokes in one!
A collection of poems discovered following my mother's passing in 1989. Approximate 150-200 total poems, my mother's last written expressions.
I've written poems I believe in. I want to publish them so that people can read them... because I believe in them!
Lesson learned from The Written Word and lessons learned from life. All condensed into my first book & 2nd CD of poetry!
An anthology of poetry aimed at younger minds to find relativity in their personal lives in poetry.
A collection of poetry to remind us what actually matters. See it come to life, searching for a place to call home.
Uniting poetry micropresses, reading circles, and open mic nights in a nationwide collective of local DIY chapbook publishing.
We all experience life in a unique way. Can we represent the full range of humanity through poetry?
Soul Stuff, the book, includes inspirational and spiritual poetry to unmute all the gloriously messy "stuff" we wrestle with everyday.
Wonderful collection of poems in need of a good home. Words being unread are in danger of becoming nothing, someone needs to read them
Drawing inspiration from Shakespeare’s Sonnets, The Red Book of Sonnets captures the beautiful brilliance of reflective yet sensuously intimate poetry
My production team and I will produce a short animated film based on one carefully selected winning poem.
My project is to promote and to capture the eyes and hearts of those who are consumed with becoming a part of real poetry.
I feel passionate to publish a poetry book, that I wrote since 2007 about my very unusual life experiences, thoughts, and discoveries.
Two widows bonded over tragedy. Traveling a road together in healing, having hope and living with loss through our soul words.
The top handbook to help the creative process. Includes hundreds of themes, rhyming words and dozens of worksheets for poets & teachers
A collection of over 250 poems. Send me a photo and I’ll write a poem for it. Like it - I’ll include it in the book! Want to know more?
My book is published and available. But promoting and advertising is expensive. Please help me to make my project visible to all.Thanks
The Po-Dro re-appropriates the unmanned aerial vehicle to deploy poems addressing the US military's use of drones.
A collection of writing from the 14 year old up to now. My writings through the ages. Various styles of poetry and other short writings
Coping mechanism + spiritual journey + humorous observation + linguistic exploration = My soul on a page. That is Tea & Sprockets.
The incredible mind-body connection is so immediately apparent in human touch and connection.
Love, self actualization, despair. See these unanimous emotions and more through the eyes of one man trying to make sense of it all...
"Internationally Unknown Poet" seeks change of status. 
Wants to Publish collection of Poems From the Heart, 
From The Streets of Chi
Two high quality works of literature with varying cover pages designed along the style of wall paper by local Toronto artists. 
Poems from the soul
I suffer the stigma of being bi-polar. I want to help change my family and friends approach, et al, through my books :~|}
Laugh cry and sigh with the author as she explores the world through eyes filled with emotions.
Jane Timm Baxter's amazing dark poetry collection as an audio expierience, with background sound by Walki's Monster.
Raw Emotions is a book on my experiences with love, life, and death.
Raw Poetry is a unique and fresh perspective on modern poetry. Published by Xlibris and raising money to be featured on Ingram
Handwritten postcard with poetry
From Backpacker
Sometimes only words can express what we truly want to say.
A modern look at the emotional side of war.  Looking at the effects on veterans and those serving. Also families & friends at home.
We buy & publish good poetry of any genre & length in an e-zine that features the poet as much as the poetry: eretzsongs.blogspot.com
A gripping collection of poems that allows you to slip on my shoes   as a urban underdog scuffling through loves' and life's injustices
I have this cluster of poetry hoarded away (about 35 poems total) that I would like to self-publish before I turn 21 in June.
Celebrate New York poetry, culture, and food at a festive poetry party. The highlight will be laser projections of poems onto New York City buildings.
The poems in this book reflect the deepest longings of the 
human heart, expressing the ecstasies and mysteries of life in all aspects.
In a world where dead ends lead to second chances... and redemption. Haunting. Dark emotions. Unspoken desires lurk within.
Told through the eyes of "lost girls," this poetry collection concerns the darker side of being woman.
Hallelujah Anyhow! is a book of poetry based on the journeys of the women in the life of the author. It is both inspiring and funny.
I write words to soothe my soul and rationalize how I perceive the world. These are some of those words and other random scribblings.
Written by a chronically ill girl, commenting on the ups, downs, and all over craziness of life, love, and instability.
Learn more about urban life by supporting a poem book that involves strange summer occurrences while living in the "hood".
A collection of emotional, thought-provoking poetry.
A book containing a collection of my poems, sad, depressing, love, romance, humour, funny, random, everything.
A collection of 25 poems by critically acclaimed, award-winning author Darren Greer
A book of poetry that is totally reality-based.  Non-fictitious.

Yup, this is my life and welcome to it!
"The Whispers of Water" is a compilation of spoken word that unfolds truth told by the spirit through praise, poetry, and theology.
Tea & Gin is a book of poetry, prose poetry, and docupoetry structured around the history, culture, and topography of Tianjin, China.
Bass River Press will help support local poets by publishing one full-length collection by a Cape or Islands poet each year.
Curious is a unique book of Hot Medium Poetry, Images, & Graphic Design. It is also a social experiment.
I was accepted  to attend a national poetry conference with my manuscript, Spirit Songs. A huge opportunity for an emerging poet!
Newsroom-style quote-sharing app enables users to construct custom outlines to create superior writing for students and other writers.
Poesía guerrillera; que te busca, te defiende y te revoluciona. 
Libre, femenina, luchadora, soñadora, necesaria. 
Sólo eso. 
Poesía.
Spartan Press is a mid-coast micro-publisher and sponsors this City Lights: Pocket Poets inspired series, publishing modern poets.
to publish and distribute cards with a poem on one side and my art on the other side.
Diagnosed with a mental illness at 17, Ben lost himself and his family, but during brief moments of clarity and light he would write.
31 Love poetry letters to my future.
"Brown Skin and the Brand New Day: A Poet's Renaissance" is just about ready to publish...Help me make it happen!
Book of poetry with a 100 uplifting inspirational verses.
A book of all original lyrics and lyrical poetry written and compiled by Michael Domaracki.
Ivy Page's first book of poetry, Any Other Branch, is coming out in March 2012 with Salmon Poetry. (Here is where you come in!)
Poems and Songs Accompanied by artwork and photographs from some of the leading artists around the world.
Poems From Afghanistan is a work of illustration and poetry to compare peoples' opinions on war before and after the actual experience.
Turn a page and read some more 
I have much more to share
Feel each word and know my soul
My secrets I am yet to bare
@mo_poet
This is a collection of poetry that I began as an undergraduate when I became a member of Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority in 1996.
I made a book of poetry & photography for my daughter Hannah. It is the greatest thing I've ever done.
The First World War from a non-combatant female/maternal perspective, using audio, academic comment and commissioned illustrations.
I have been writing poetry since the age of 4.  I just turned 50 and want to share 50 of my best poems with the world.
Spoken word. A compact disc with more than 100 of my original lyrical poems in quality audio.
This book is a collection of original poetry and photographs, all found within my heart, that I want to publish and share.
A "best of" collection from a 2 year poetry exchange between Leonore Tjia and Alex Beeken.
My 20+ year dream to publish my poetry has a chance to be realized. I built the courage to try and now needs your help to be fulfilled.
Collection of years of poems and unique pictures to preserve and share with and inspire all.
It is the essence of me past, present, and future. A completed book of poetry that I would love to have publish.
A Collaborative Production where various local artist will unite and record a live spoken word CD & DVD with Southern Flava!
My dream is to publish my poetry book in memory of my mother and best friend, Leona Marie, who I lost to a pelvic sarcoma cancer.
New, inclusive poetry magazine with color photos and vibrant art in large format.
I have several books I published in the 70's which will be made into E-Books so you can read them. I will send you 4 titles for your do
Let's get the first in a line of bedtime stories (dangerously mashed with poetry and taboo humour) illustrated and produced!
A book of real life poetry that paints a picture of my mental and spiritual development from a boy to a man.
This is the first time that Solomon's "Song of Songs" has been available in English verse. Please help me publish it worldwide.
Vi laver skiltet foran Byens Bogcafé til bog. Køb bogen her, og vær med til at fremme Istedgadeskiltepoesien!
My project is to use information from contributors to write a booklet of poems. There are rewards for contributors. Support poetry!
Help me publish my mom's poems...
Chapbook celebrating the poetic muses of those struggling with mental illness as well as those living in the shadows.
This book takes you on a journey filled with a roller coaster of emotions. It's not just poetry but short stories you can relate to.
A book of poetry mixed with quotes by the author, short ideas explained, and analyses of the world we live in.
Lyn Lifshin's latest collection! Summer release!
As a token of gratitude I will mail to you a hand-signed and personally dedicated pre-publication copy of my best selected writings.
This book is like a manifesto to me; and in it I attempt to recreate views on some very basic and fundamental pillars of existence.
Art and poetry come together in this compilation of various poems that are about love, inspiration, life, death, and more.
A book project from the deep south, presented through spoken word, recipes, illustrations and literary expressions.
I am working on two books. One poetic. The other prophetic.  See youtube,I AM THEY and FInlay Park by Steve Alston.
My first book, Is This Country?, turned out great! Now I'm trying to get a second published (I think this one will be even better!)
my poetry book is a dream I've wanted for a while. have been published into of several books none are my own. please give what you can.
A collection of poems derived from a place between the shadows and the soul.
We all have ghosts in our closets. Fair Rhamona's lurk in her parlour.Read on and your senses will never be the same!
I'm writing my way through 2016 in the form of poems paired with compelling photographs.
A Publication of my Poetry Illustrated with my own works of Art
i need to raise a 1000 dollars to publish a book of poetry.
How does the heart of an island beat?  Listen through the pieces.
I have 31 short writings and poems I would like to publish.
I am the coordinator of the Detroit 2010 Poetry Slam Team that will be competing in the St. Paul, MN National Poetry Slam the first week of August.
I am currently writing a book of poetry and photography entitled "Strategically Placed Words". I need help to get it finished.
I am self-publishing an intense memoir, exploring the 30yr journey from chaos to contentment as a veteran disabled by brain injury.
Of Henderson's work, Poet, Charles Plymell, stated "The images in her poems are movingly fresh. They bring power to innocence...."
The words that come to mind when I should be sleeping.
Have you gotten that sweet, sweet, hilarious closure that you've always wanted? Hex Your Ex is the fun, unique way to say it all.
"Words can affect how you make others feel. Putting it on paper can make them feel love forever. Hand in Hand is our forever."
Web site where anybody can submit original poetry or short stories to be voted on by community members. Winning entries get published!
The thoughts written for the world to read, will now be made for the world to hear. This is the debut album of Mr. Riley,  the poet.
This is the third collection of poetry for publication.  Entitled, This Time Around, this is a collection of poems and original quotes.
Ozark Poetry Slam is sending a team of poets to Boston, Mass., for the National Poetry Slam! Be a part of our success!
Help me to write a Haiku that changes the way we see student debt in America!
We need you. Help make a book of more than 100 Jewish poems! Donate now to help us raise $ to make this happen.
Samuel Hawkins is putting out a new Book and his first Poetry Album.  Pre-order both of them, and get more info here!
A book of poetry that was started 7 years ago and shows the wonderful progress of changes in emotions and the human mind.
I am releasing this original poem written by myself to the public to be used for anything they desire, post cards, get well cards, etc
Cap - Poetry is a compilation of short poems about life, relationships, and sex from the viewpoint of a Capricorn.
These poems describe the process of loving someone, being loved by someone, being hurt, hurting, and letting go.
I'm looking to put together a collection of poems by Midwestern poets to highlight the strength of writers in and about the area.
Rugged romantics! Help the author of 100 Love Sonnets give readings from his book in New York City, Paris, and Rome.
Poemas de Jose Angel Buesa recitados
The Collective Poetry of S.G. Ritzdorf Vol. 1 is the artistic expression of one artist for the benefit of the greater population.
I am writing a poetry book and looking  to self publish and have a small run of books printed.
Publish more, suffer less. Demystify the most mysterious part of your art, and learn to revise your writing like a master craftsman
A philosopher's search for truth in matters such as spirituality, love, politics and socioeconomics are turned to verse as he flies by.
Poets, artists and photographers from Detroit come together in a stunning book to share their stories of love, triumph, and struggle
Change Unchanging is a tome showcasing the poetry of community activist and father of four Yale Miller who was murdered in 2007.
The whole world is born naked is a poetry book but with a difference, in diary format. 365 poems, each one written in 5 minutes.
My poetry's been published alongside Carol Anne Duffy and after forty years of praise I thought it was time to publish it as a trilogy.
I want to write a book of verbal passion, where romance is not dead and the visions of reality and fiction collide gracefully with love
This book of poetry details the constant chronic pain and deep depression that I've dealt with since a disabling auto wreck in 2009.
The valeveil Poetic Duo Series connects US & Scandinavian writers. We raise funds for the 2nd book: the work of Harold Abramowitz & Leif Elggren.
This campaign is to assist with the development and promotion of my first poetry novel: https://instagram.com/alexandernimos/?hl=e
New translation of the Gita, particularly suited to reciting, setting to music.  Faithful to original Sanskrit yet dynamic and clear.
Challenge met! Almost. Help me turn my 100 poem social media poetry experiment into a book complete with art, prompts, & writing tips.
A very unique book of spokenword/poetry with universal enlightenment, wisdom, laughter and raises the energetic vibration of its reader
A memoir of Italian experience written in poems by a Sicilian-American writer who has never visited her blood country. 
A collection of Poems and Thoughts in early recovery.
By Richard Adair
After 4 years writing 210 haiku on human traits with photos and commentary,I intend to make the published book more affordable.
A biographical poetry book relating to the many life experiences I have had some comical some serious and some unbelievable but true
I grew up in 48205.  The east side of Detroit. I've seen a lot and lost a lot. I've chosen poetry as my ticket "Off The Block"
Taking the vulnerable - yet powerful message of Selfless Giving and Love in "Heart Canals" from words to physical reality...
"Its a morning to wake to, a night to never end, the present we have yet to open." Positive vibes to enchant the lost souls.
A new collection of poems by Juan-Paolo Perre. "An evocative and haunting work of visionary scope." "Effusive...rather like music."
A collection of poetry written for individuals that I meet as I walk across the country and a website to collect new myths and artists.
I have written a Poetic Guide to Ireland and I am currently developing Picture Perfect poetic guide art pieces. Good rewards!
I am an author who needs help with funding for his yet titled poetry book about summers in the ghetto.
Help us reprint this spiritual classic in its older, richer, more beautiful English translation.
Publishing my first poetry book. E-books available for purchase @ Amazon 11/27/15. Fundraising to print paperback books prior to online
A book of verse indicting the human squelch in every form, maker foremost implicated, hence money.
Life has been quite the adventure. Living in a town you don't belong in has made for the compilation of a lifetime.
The project is entitled "In The Days of Noe". It is a Christian poetry compilation album consisting of 12 poets.
Poetry is not dead! #WWFM means will write for money. Print and publish The Knockouts now! Demand it in your local book store. #WWFM
15 Erotic Poems and Essays, Illustrated; by Linda M. Smith, includes prize-winner poem from 2009 Mount Shasta Erotic contest Biker Babe
I am a young poet from Hungary.
A love letter or poem sent to you or your secret love
I am close to releasing my third book of poetry and short stories and would love to add physical copies to sell.
I published my first book at age 18 and now have finally found out how to market it to sell. I am raising money for a book tour to help
Fictional poems and short stories derived from true accounts of tragedy and abuse combined with stories of conquering adversity
A labor of love for over three years, now in its final stages. The light has been primed and is ready to be shared with the world.
Collection of 40-50 original poems covering the topics of anger, vengeance, envy, love, and motivation from a scorpio person.
This will be my first published work of poetry. I hope to have it complete by March of 2017.
The kind of poetry your kids will want to read and share. Weird, funny, and above all FUN!
A book of poems trying to explain the things i see going on in the world today with the gift given to me by our creator.
28 #poems about #domesticabuse & survival. The words are wrenching, sometimes amusing & always true. Intended to illuminate|forgive.
This poetry book is soul felt, soul written , and lived by the Author ... Welcome aboard my poetic train of emotions and thoughts .....
I'm creating a way to share my thoughta, feelings and incite into life.
"Limeridiculous" is a collection of 100 lewd and crude but hilarious limericks. Guaranteed to keep you laughing and turning pages!
Poems, Quotes,  and Philosophical Comments on Humanity
An app for openfreedom.eu project on Android and Iphone to publish our words and release new ones. 2010-2015
Inspirational poetry - the profits will go to support the fight against human trafficking!
2̶0̶ is a poetry/entry book written as a way to see into the poetic mind of a college student going through the struggles of adulthood
Words that inspire is true poetry in motion!
This project is to develop a PDF eBook of sexy love poems, along with a printed version.
Surreal mystic oetry/art, work is to be published with own hand illustrations.
You don't know me until you read my poetry. I want to be able to share my work with the world. I want to make a book.
We plan on publishing poets via our website and in print chapbooks and full poetry collections.
To giveaway 100 books to deserving mothers on Mothers Day.
Escaping depths of spiritual guidance the wave of perpetual reason aligns contemporary flow of existence with a poet writing rhymes
Modern happy poetry book in the making.
I am a writer - a poet - a parser of words. Since I was 14 I have been heavy into Senor Bob Dylan.
Book of poems about sex, heartbreak and love. Also Relationship advise from the author himself that will help you along your journey.
A book of inspirational and spiritual poetry & short stories depicting faith, love and forgiveness !!!
Supporting Angel Families are bringing together a collection of poems written by Angel parents
SOULFUL Poetry book creating awareness of Domestic Violence, overcoming the situation, seeking new beginnings, learning from mistakes.
To create self published book and photography career. Go to www.1silentmind.com or e-mail me at 1silentmind@gmail.com.
Altered Conscience is a book of poems that invites the reader to an insight on the life of a young man fighting to find his identity!
POETIC CORNER WILL BE A WEB SITE WHERE ANY POET ADULT OR KID CAN GO TO EXPRESS THERE DIFFERENT WAYS AND IDEAS OF POETRY.
Sharing words of love and hope
Vivid Coffee table poetry book, complete with poems and photos from New Orleans to Jamaica. Show to fill your eyes and heart.
Emojis. Baes. First texts. Ks. Exes. Selfies. Nae Naes. Apples. Lattes. WiFi. Pilates. Hipsters. Tinder. Vacays. (Yes, that all rhymed)
Trials and struggles as a African American revert Muslim in a poetical form
A path of vignette’s, poetry & short stories we travel while re-assembling the broken pieces, compassion & empathy in others
I have written a book of poems that deal with the search and discovery of inner peace, I hope to self publish it.
I am a Marine Corps veteran with a Bachelor's of Arts in Creative Writing/Literature. I am trying to publish a book of poetry.
I have completed a poetry anthology of mainly Christian poems and I need funds to publish it.
The benefits of inspiration are endless!
"It is 9 p.m. 

I am walking alone
In a mustard yellow dress and a pastel pink fur vest.
I smell like warm sandalwood and fear."
Poetry from the mind of a lost soul looking for answers to questions not asked. Life, Love, Children.....
Dedicated to my fiance for all the love he has shown me!
Chris had a hemorrhagic stroke and the language area of his brain was destroyed. His tables full of poetry notes got cleaned off also
Visually it might appear to be nothing, but behind the scene 
noises entails years of grinding, and the video image shows life after!
Wrote a short book of prose of my life as a childhood gambler. Trying to publish it and share my story to give others gamblers hope.
A book of poems and intimate love notes I wrote to my wife while working in Kabul, Afghanistan between May and December 2011.
All of the poetry I have written will be published in one book so that anybody can read them to be inspired
A book of poetry that encourages being honest with your kids about child predator awareness, the medical and industrial uses of hemp
I would like to publish my self published book traditionally so that I can get it in bookstores to gain the exposure.
I am trying to self publish a book of poems dealing with the discovery of inner peace, and how how we see ourselves and the world.
To lay the foundation for my first book, I'm offering discounted works as a Kickstarter project?
I have a brain injury and I use poetry to help me remember my life. i seek to provide insight into the life of a survivor of TBI.
120 unique and quirky poems that you'll want to read over and over.  Share them with your kids, friends and family
Bringing A Real life Story and Beautiful poetry into a heart felt book and CD, then to a visual life with a mini movie. EPIC!
HMS Press is publishing books, art cards, etc by ex-convicts who are moving on positively with their lives.
This is a book of poetry. I completed this book about three years ago and it is ready to go. It is a fun selection of poems.
Prison Blues is a collection tales / Poetry/ Art developed by collection of Prison Writers under direction of Ms. Cheryl. This Book rep
Im creating a book compiled of short poems I have created, similar to the work of Shel Silverman. The poems consist of love and humor
A book of poetry about love, heartbreak, normal human emotions
Inspirational book dedicated to living encouraged within seven vital areas of life!
Poetry:  LifeSong....SirenSong...WarSong
 
www.carlmartinjohnsonpoet.com
Imagine a 250 poem selection with creative landscapes and visualizations...
moms poetry book of love from the 90s to current
Working on creating a card line from my published book of poems. My published book is When Love Means More Than Anything.
PURSUITS OF WHIMSEY is finally done and is going to be a full color, hardbound 96 page illustrated book!
Inspirations; A book full of inspirational and uplifting words, poems and short stories.  Words to help out in any situation.
Poetry helps me release feelings I've hidden from the world & those I love, having struggled with social anxiety for nearly 27 years.
MetalLetterPress is a poetry press dedicated to producing letterpressed, poetry books and journals featuring work by radicals, feminists, and others.
A thought experiment inspired by six simple words:There is a man I always see... Reader is led on a poetic journey into their own mind
The Crying Observer is an eye - to - eye experience from contemplative experiences of one's step into another's step of life by sight.
A focus on the towns of Johannesburg, Soweto, and South Africa's rural area through the 1980's, a portion to benefit students in need.
I'm looking to study and write poetry in Prague this July to create a book of poems on the art, architecture, and culture of the city.
I'm looking to shake up what is traditionally considered poetry by using a naughty word here or there. Or not. It's up to you.
The Akinfe Fatou Project is a poetry project that aims to use literary & performance art as a creative platform for peace/healing/unity
Seasonal journal and (r)ambulatory scrapbook. Rucksack paperback. Weave of prose and poetry. Autobiographical cairn.
Thoughts From The Moon is an accumulation of poetry written by a 16 year old with a passion for writing.
National Poem In Your Pocket Day is coming! Now you just need poems and a pocket. We've got you covered!
Existential Love Poetry - A New Genre
The Following Kangaroo is a funny, colorful poem for children that will have them on the edge of their seats...PLEASE PLEDGE :)
"Through the Fire" is a journalistic journey through one of the author's toughest times in life. 84 pages of a pure open heart.
A book on poetry, more like an oasis in the dry land of technology. Bringing back the dead genre of "classics" to life.
TRYING  TO RAISE MONEY TO PUBLISH MY FIRSt BOOK OF POETRY, ,my book is finish
Just need to be publish
Book of poems about night time. Thoughts written down on paper before they dissapear in the coming of the morning light.
I am writing a book that speaks to the American Culture.  A simple book of awakening based upon real life occurrences.
Publish a compilation, of 30 of my poems and photographs. Professional copy editing, publication, distribution.
From a dark mind to a light heart, a poetical journey of emotional and spiritual self-discovery through the years.
Love & Other Catastrophes is a vivid  and uniquely enjoyable journey through my life, love and inspiration.
A book of Heartfelt Poetry.A book for  Parents of Kids with Disabilities, anyone with Aging Parents and anyone who ever Fell In Love.
Like the artist's colony fostered by Mabel Dodge. Artists of all types come for workshops and residencies in a bucolic natural setting.
I am a retired nurse with emphysema caused primarily from a genetic disease. My Spirit given gift is poetry and I want to honor Jesus.
change in plans
Collection of original poems by me that fit every occasion. The poems reach into the heart and touch the soul. Brightens up your day.
The Cost of Love will be a unique hand-crafted book about life in the Garden before the Fall.  A poetic journey into God's love for us.
Pre-release of Damask's latest chapbook: Ariana Nash's Our Blood Is Singing. Hand-printed.
Escaping depths of spiritual guidance the wave of perpetual reason aligns contemporary flow of existence with a poet writing rhymes
The effort was to fun a literary endeavor; however, the timing was off.
A collection of poems that I have written over the years
i have already written this book, of 49 songs and poems. I'm looking for funding to release the book through a book publisher.
My book is about the ebbs and flows of my life, and my feelings about my existence.
Help a young man fund his dream of getting his poetic memoir published.
A humorous illustrated & poetic collection of hopeful, hapless misfits who appeal to the outsider in all of us.
Du 27 juillet au 5 septembre 2016, l’auteure franco-ontarienne Sonia Lamontagne entamera un projet de création en Europe.
Help me purchase an ISBN through createspace and publish my 1st full scale poetry book "Laser Fetish"
rhythmic mind candy .. whimsical, fantastical , heart wrenching word plays! unpretentious poetry .. accessible , yet moving. Cheers!
Nowhere to Hide is a short book of poetry I wrote this past summer (of 2010) that, if all goes well, will be published in Jan. 2011.
To self-publish a poetry book that include love, faith, pain, and strength.
Sometimes the truth speaks louder than words.  Other times the truth speaks from within them.
I want to publish my first book of poetry, "A Dysmorphic Mind". And publish the words of other poets with Poeticfootprints Press.
A translating project which will allow me to Transcribe my poetry in different languages. Also to help promote my collection of poetry.
A self-published collection of haiku about youth.
Is a 100 page poetry book. The poems will be in two languages. Nuer and English. To celebrate Canadian and South Sudanese culture.
Full of heart
Butte is an amazing story of success, failure, survival and rebirth of a mining camp that was almost destroyed by the mining of copper.
"Life Currently/Recently" will be a self-published collection of poetry by Levi Corallo (2014-2016) with art by Tyler Shepherd.
Stretch out your solar panels
I am publishing my poetry book titled: "A CREAM CHEESE FLY". The book will be filled with all types of poems for all types of people.
A touch on the frustrations retail workers face and what we could do to fix our problems. Illustrated by Richy Benson.
Totally AWESOME poetry book & video of motion poems with music, spoken word, typography, sound, effects, graphics & photography.
Written by a real-life zombie. This both is and is not a figurative statement.
…to make love with to a woman/man one cannot or will not marry; yet carry on flirtation! A Book of deep Poetry
A collection of poems written over almost two decades.  I want to share them with the world, and you can be a part of it.
As a recovering abuse victim, I wrote this book for abuse victims. Poetry Therapy is designed to help erase & heal emotional scars.
I am creating a book of romantic, erotic poems that range from sonnets and ballads to odes and haiku.
A collaboration of 100+ creators that unites literary and visual arts to encourage artistic pursuits and inspire appreciation for life.
1
A collection of Poems & Stories in Kickstarter Exclusive Hardback, Paperback, Digital Formats, and Audio Book.
Interaktive Online-Tragödie mit Versen           ODER
wo jeder Leser Lektor ist...
An anthology of poems from poets that have read at the monthly readings at Cinema Paradiso. Anthology is curated by me, Suzzette.
"A surreal treat on the senses that moves in waves across the landscapes of imagination."
A collection of poetry and prose - illustrated with the author's original photos and journal sketches.
Currently working to self-publish manuscripts of poetry,fiction,and plays! This project will spark my emergence as a writer and artist!
Help Poet & English Teacher Matthew Foley Release His 1st Spoken Word Album: "What You Will Need in Class Today".
I need YOUR help so that I can spread poetry and magicalness all across the Midwest, and get publicity to publish my first book of poetry. 
Conversation With the Soul at 3:00AM - A Book of Love Poems and Art Photography. A multimedia book and spoken word performance project. 
My first poetry collection has been accepted for publishing by a press whose model requires the author to raise his or her own funding. 
Poetry that focus' on the high and low moments we experience at one point or another; and to remind us to stop and smell the flowers.
I'm trying to make a poem book mundane things made in to deep poetry
Christopher Robin's long overdue book of poetry
Raising money to submit copies of upcoming poetry collection for literary reviews. Contributors will be thanked in the book
From life to paper: the thoughts flow and the emotions pain, be together and live alone. The dichotomy of life framed in a book
A book of poetry in multiple formats that covers the span of my life so far.  This covers from my youth to current day.
Edited by award-winning poet, international anthologist Koon Woon. Looking for authentic, distinctive voices, and memorable poems.
A collection of my darker themed poetry, with some art, and some mystery.
Let's write a poem together...
ANGER, FORGIVENESS, SAD FACES, "MY SO CALLED FRIEND are a few of the titles of the poems written! All are inspired by real life!
I am looking to create, something marvellous and great, my poetry book I will make, to inspire you to bake (Maybe).
I have a dream,Just like many people.
Mine is being a published author of my poetry book More than Words
Notice: meeting now in session
verbal oxygenation
