Modernizm is an art zine that focuses on promoting artists and creative collaboration in Texas as well as fostering a playful dialogue.
Choose your cover of Vanity Teen #8 from our new different options available now in Kickstarter!
Folio is a magazine that focuses on showcasing young, emerging artists from the New York area.
A journal of supernatural sleuths and psychic investigators, with great fiction, articles and reviews from new and established names.
Prospective: A Journal of Speculation hopes to provide a place for quality speculative fiction in both prose and poetry.
FYWA (fyeahwomenartists.com) is publishing their first zine of interviews with NY-based women artists & attending the NY Art Book Fair.
Eyes & Ears is the widest circulated monthly newsletter created by and for persons with a diagnosis of mental illness.
Volume three of a 40 page periodical about interaction design by Jon Bell and Lukas Mathis.
UNTIL NOW is a print magazine centered around Coming of Age, with essays, comics, and illustrations by rising and established talent.
Montage is a periodical of literary and visual art by the undergrad students of the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign.
Scrapped is a limited edition semi-annual art magazine and website focused on emerging & established artists working in all media.
Like Taylor Lewan, the definitive Michigan football preview returns. Launching this year: basketball/hockey.
A high quality football magazine dedicated to the NCEL (Northern Counties East League) showcasing fantastic contributors work
HYSTERIA #4 'Antagonism' is the fourth issue of the unflinching radical feminist periodical
A newsletter by Muslim Student Association members about Islamic events around Virginia Tech, for Muslims and non-Muslims alike.
A free, uncompromised & gorgeous grassroots newspaper telling the truth on the Gulf Coast
Cute comfy owl shirts that say HOOT! -which is a small, nonprofit magazine that publishes art & literature on postcards.
A print journal featuring work by writers and visual artists, from the well-established to the only-just-beginning.
Handwritten zine with stories, comics and music reviews. It's a gas! Made to oppose the faceless and drab magazines on the newsstands.
Our Harlem 7th-graders have worked hard all year to improve their writing—help them publish their work!
Designed exclusively for tablets, PXL features a rich multimedia presentation in addition to weekly news and day one game reviews.
Motorsport Illustrated News is a weekly print & online racing magazine covering F1, NASCAR, IndyCar, Grand Am, ALMS, Rally & others.
The Revolution. Has entered. The building. Introducing New Aura, your Indigo e-zine to raise consciousness and transform lives.
the 2015 edition of Hail to the Victors Harbaugh Harbaugh Harbaugh
The best stories from the first year of Unwinnable.com, in one sexy, full color book.
Explores the practice of psychology as art and looks at it's relationship to contemporary dance, film, visual arts, writing and fashion
WOD Talk is a lifestyle magazine designed for the CrossFit community featuring training, nutrition, motivation and news articles.
We want to create an international, online Irish language conversation exchange system to facilitate Irish language learning and use.
Knee-Jerk's 2nd print edition is filled with fiction, nonfiction, interviews with writers, color comics, and illustrations.
Interactive tablet magazine shares Hula lessons, Hawaiian language examples, Hawaiian music history, and island storytelling articles.
Issue #5 from the skateboarding underground's leading authority on mis-named tricks.
The Post-Culture Review is a zine made up of stories I scribble in my sleep. Help me relaunch in hopes of infecting others.
The Nova Award-winning fanzine Journey Planet's gonna do our largest print run ever for Renovation, the WorldCon in Reno this August.
The Docent Educator is a comprehensive compendium addressing docent specific issues, soon to be an online searchable resource.
NY_____ is a new quarterly magazine. Each issue will focus on an aspect of living in New York City.
The consciousness community is growing into a movement. To stay one step ahead, Reality Sandwich needs to grow with it.
Help make the Journal of Salesian Studies available to the world via digital publication (&support college students while you're at it)
A literary magazine to showcase student writing in Mississippi and Arkansas.
Poetry & Prose by prison inmates
A biannual speculative, dark fantasy, and horror magazine featuring original short fiction from established and aspiring writers.
A monthly photo documentary magazine about Louisville
What's it like to move back home after college? Recent grads laugh, weep, and reflect in the inaugural issue of An Eclectic Occasional.
Tread Lightly Journal is a bi-annual print publication depicting a collection of wanderings, thoughts and culinary endeavors.
We're starting a new, locally-grown bi-weekly newspaper for the Rogue Valley - informed, enthused and crazy-smart! Join us!
The 2013 version of one of the longest running sci fi zines now with a new publisher and looking for funding.
The Ascender is a digital magazine exploring futurist thought and innovation through powerful, investigative journalism.
I'm building an actual, newsprint-printed-newspaper to promote Supercenter, my first novel, containing excerpts and new original work.
FourTwoNine showcases thought leaders and trendsetters in the lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) community.
The second issue of the innovative Ear to Mind contemporary music newspaper, being released in October!
Independent creative arts magazine showcasing art and writing inspired by dreams.
LiD Magazine issue No.2. Keeping the dream alive, of seeing Bodyboarding in print in the UK and Ireland. Make it happen.
We have so many wonderful people, places, and ideas to share with you in Issue 4 of our print magazine.
A disorientation guide is the fun, punk rock cousin of university orientation. We have the stories you want to read about your campus!
FREE Magazine to learn how to develop game by taking the reader all the way from setup to the creation of a completed game.
We are throwing a party to celebrate the release of the Frank 151 Erotica issue, hosted by Mos Def & Francesco Clemente. 
Raising startup costs to start a new zine distro local to NYC.
ICE Magazine is the world's most accepting zine, publishing written and traditional art, crafts, opinions, and more. Made by hand!
A photographic print journal championing creative talents and ethical publishing practices without any of the exploitation.
A Widening Gyre is a people's forum for discourse on the subject of social problems and solutions.
A  print/online zine documenting and spreading awareness of the mind-blowing, loud, awesome music made in Ohio and beyond
A magazine for people who are interested in reptiles & amphibians with a focus on being a herpetoculturist in Canada.
A Fine Art Photography publication / Unbound / Printed on a card stock matte paper / Comes in a custom made 8x10 inches plexiglass box.
Help LAIKA Magazine, NYC's first and only vegan lifestyle mag, go mainstream and reach many more people!
An international resource which showcases the widespread use of all print processes both creatively and industriously.
Seven years is long enough. We're taking No Depression back into print with the first annual edition, coming this fall.
Butternut magazine encourages basic food and reading literacy for emerging readers ages 2-6 and their favorite grownups.
A print magazine for creative, entrepreneurial women who dream big and hustle hard.
Bring Volume 3 of The MagPi magazine, the first and only community magazine for the Raspberry Pi enthusiast, from virtual to reality.
Pastors serve us every day. Thank, encourage, and equip them to Grow the Church with a unique print inspiration experience.
Be a part of the mass publication of Cavs Zine: The Bible Of Cavs Fandom.
BTW: Behind the Walls magazine is a multi-platform media company devoted to beautiful, healthy, energy efficient and sustainable homes.
Back Office est une nouvelle revue annuelle entre design graphique et pratiques numériques, bilingue et multisupports.
A quarterly print publication documenting food culture around the globe with a storytelling sensibility.
Union is a brand new magazine which will showcase exciting reportage and journalism from Britain, the USA and around the world.
CRAVE Magazine promotes, celebrates & supports Colorado's growing art scene by connecting artists and art enthusiasts on a new level.
Permaculture Activist, the world’s longest running permaculture journal, needs your support for a new and vibrant online presence.
MGoBlog's annual Michigan football magazine, this time with EXTREME OPTIMISM
Tired of all the men on the history magazine covers? Here is a history magazine that puts women in front!
X=Rivista d'Artista is a collaborative artist's magazine for the independent art scene. It's international, made with and for artists.
A bi-annual magazine that focuses on answering a single question– "What is Los Angeles Graphic Design?"
SkateBoner Magazine is a collection of skateboarders and the things skateboarders are into.  Art, music & photography all welcome.
We strive to bring you the very best and brightest...ehrm darkest voices in art and literature in a highly collectable package.
A newsletter for those who seek terroir-driven wines as delicious, pure and unprocessed as the food they eat.
One full year of Limited Resources podcasts!
Spoilage is a free, physical print literary magazine of, by, and for the people of Des Moines.
The definitive Penn State preview and feature magazine, now 100% independently published, now an e-mag.
Rebellious Magazine for Women is a Chicago-based online lifestyle publication that’s smart, funny, inspiring, empowering, smart-ass and
Our magazine has supported animal rescue + welfare since 2006, and now it's time to grow to secure the future of our mission. Join us!
Where specialists can write about things they don't specialise in and photographers & illustrators can take risks on the printed page.
We are the latest in independent culture magazines focused on and dedicated to the local Chicago creatives and professionals.
CUNTRY LIVING is a free print zine by Oxford Uni students that offers a voice to people who care about gender equality & feminism.
A Steampunk magazine looking to change to offset printing and take control of our own distribution
A collaborative book including foresights on how technology will impact our future by some of the world's leading experts.
Flytrap is a little magazine of fantastic (and fantastical) fiction, poetry, and other things, edited by Heather Shaw & Tim Pratt.
The Queer Interior.com is an online magazine that celebrates spaces of the LGBTQ community through photographic features
Poser Magazine is Calgary's first Yoga Community & Healthy Lifestyle Publication.
Curated stories and wisdom written by people who aren't afraid to break the rules.
Pure Nintendo Magazine is a bi-monthly magazine all about Nintendo news and making people aware of the awesomeness of Nintendo.
A bi-annual magazine printed on 100% post consumer paper that focuses on ethical & sustainable fashion, beauty, health and culture.
Continuing RRParks CARDS Halloween Holiday Tradition are FIVE Spooooky trading card series IN TIME FOR HALLOWEEN 2016 !
unbag is a digital and print publication that promotes dialogue concerning contemporary art, cultural practice, and political action.
Independently publishing a bi-annual cross stitch pattern magazine with cool designs that suit the modern crafter!
The ‘Homeland’ in 2017: examining the environment and infrastructure of the United States in a time of political upheaval.
Please help fund Boston Baseball Magazine's 28th Season!!!
Parents Ask Bilingual Periodical help parents of children with special needs to understand Disabilities and Resources.
A new line of artifacts from the silent film era, reproduced in high-quality for modern audiences.
INSPADES Magazine is a luxury art magazine that showcases some of the best creative artists from around the world - including YOU!
Somos una Sociedad de Estudiantes de Química, con una meta. " Motivar a niños y jóvenes a ser parte de la química y la ciencia "
Libro conmemorativo del 50 aniversario del Grupo Scout X El Pilar, con todo lo acontecido en estos últimos 50 años dentro del grupo.
L'info sur la démocratie en Europe et la sortie de l'Union Européenne
C!RCUS est un projet de magazine papier semestriel dédié à l'univers du Cirque ...
A collaborative book of short essays and cartoons about this year.
Genre-busting short stories, novellas, serials and graphic novels in a pulp anthology magazine.  Good books for the price of a beer!
A Professional Magazine of Science Fiction and Fantasy Literature.
Showcasing the best unpaid & intern talent across the creative industries and initiating a debate about intern culture and its effects.
Our magazine chronicles one, overlooked American town per issue. Think this American Life meets your daily newspaper. Welcome to Local.
HOLO is a premium magazine exploring the convergence of art, science and technology.
A quarterly travel and culture digest exploring the possibilities in a vegan world.
An anthology of feminist science fiction about bicycling.
Our inaugural theme is grief and healing—by bike. Come grow with us and build the feminist bicycle revolution!
Women Destroy Science Fiction! is a special issue of the Hugo Award-nominated magazine LIGHTSPEED entirely written—and edited—by women.
Firewords Quarterly is a newsprint magazine packed full of powerful fiction and poetry - all enhanced by bold design.
The Manual is a design journal for the web. We’re moving beyond just print—to ebooks, audiobooks, and on the web—and we need your help.
Join us for British history, vintage, creative & sustainable living. Spending wisely, wasting less, appreciating more, skill sharing.
A queer Chicago collaborative arts & literary digest featuring culture & class(lessness) prepares its fourth issue.
A journalistic journey through time: Every issue tells the history of a new topic, from the past into the future.
A new, full-colour magazine devoted to life in the ancient world, featuring original artwork and accessible yet in-depth articles.
Literary + genre fiction, poetry, art, and more! Help us get issue 7 out the door and into best-of anthos. Because it's that good.
Aghast is a brand new, bi-annual, illustrated journal of dark fantasy and horror short fiction.
The online magazine featuring interviews on beginnings, creativity, and risk is printing its first physical issue!
Hearth Magazine is a place for dreamers & makers - a community of like minded people that appreciate & support creative pursuits.
Subscribe to the most innovative art-magazine on American theater design ever published.
Issue one features four emerging photographers, with around 50 pages of work & words dedicated to each. Pre-order here!
a new skateboard magazine with an art book feel, focusing on quality, photography, and arts.
The Nyack Library is digitizing microfilm of the Rockland County Journal from the period that Edward Hopper lived in the village.
Juiced is a magazine for freshmen, by freshmen—acting as a voice for those previously unheard.
Uncle is a humor & culture magazine. We're writers and media people who want to fund a limited print run of our third issue, themed Summertime. 
A new biannual, print-only magazine about fiber art, textiles and the people who put it all together.
A magazine about food and relationships, fragments, intrigue, and movement at all speeds forward and backward.
WAX is a new print publication about the connection point between artistic practice and the culture of surfing.
The Food & Drink issue of Gypsé Eyes magazine promises to be mouth-wateringly tasty (if not always tasteful... wink wink nod nod)!
THE NEWTOWNER is an arts and literary magazine that celebrates creative community and the life-affirming power of the arts.
Help produce the zine SYNDICATE PRODUCT No. 20: THE META-COMICS ISSUE, which includes essays, stories, and comics about comics.
Help us publish the all new Crap Hound No. 8: Superstitions! An amazing resources for artists, crafters, and designers!
PLY will support, reflect, and respond to the global handspinning community, inspire new spinners, and dig deep for the more advanced.
MONROWE is biannual publication for fashion and film. Creating emotional and visually provocative narratives in a hardcover format.
A Maine Publication that Seeks to Unify the Penobscot River Valley with the Creative Culture at Large
Openhouse Magazine is about people who open their spaces to the public, and the life they share
FLOUR magazine is a quarterly publication devoted to Rochester's artists, artisans, cultural innovators and community.
The Handshake is dedicated to publishing conversations, interviews, short fiction, and both literary and photographic essays.
Unwinnable wants to bring you the best in pop-culture criticism and creative non-fiction once a week in a beautiful digital magazine.
1.21 Gigawatts is a new Brooklyn based Music and Arts magazine put together by a group of photographers and illustrators.
Re: Magazine is the Savannah College of Art and Design's premiere fashion, art and culture publication.
Noble Rot is an alternative magazine about wine, with a healthy dose of music and food.
A very real fake magazine from some of the writers behind Saturday Night Live, The New Yorker, The Onion, Adult Swim, and more.
Trunk is a unique and sensational new magazine that approaches travel as a lifestyle. Help us to print our Fall 2011 issue.
Put A Egg On It is a digest-sized art and literary magazine about food, cooking and the  joys of eating with friends & family
BIOSPHERE is a brand new popular science magazine dedicated to the natural world - ecology, conservation, behaviour - all in one place.
Hop & Barley is a bi-monthly publication featuring a curated collection of articles that celebrates the craft brewing resurgence.
A quarterly print journal for work that's raunchy, flamboyant, interdisciplinary, and intellectually rigorous.
A journal of roots, rhythm, reverence and relationship. Earth, home, each other, the wider world. Edition One - Summer.
Post-post-ironic literary magazine. Fiction, poetry, satire, commentary. Heavy themes with a light touch. Frivolity.
Electronic Sound - the interactive digital magazine for the very best electronic music. And soon a club with some amazing benefits!
Shifter Magazine seeks your support in publishing its 19th issue, which will be launched this September at The New York Art Book Fair.
A beautiful, limited-edition print volume of Unmapped, featuring the best hidden stories from the magazine's first year online.
In Retrospect is a lifestyle periodical featuring everything old, old fashioned or retro styled.
COMMON is a biannual print and digital magazine for those with a creative bent and an inquisitive eye.
Zine Residency Magic! Help me travel the circumference of the moon to create Imaginary Windows #6 at the Roberts St Social Centre.
Live FAST Mag, the online magazine curating the best of Fashion, Art, Sex and Travel is making its first annual book!
Along with a network of talented friends, theBLAAAHg.com has decided to get physical and put out an art periodical.
RENDER is a female-focused publication and online community on a mission to look at food culture through a feminist lens.
Makeshift is a quarterly magazine and multimedia website about grassroots creativity and invention around the world.
The Locus SF Foundation would like to secure funding from the science fiction/fantasy community to preserve our photo collection.
Hi! The Gopher is a limited-edition magazine that is customizable by the reader. It features arts, literature & journalism with meticulous production.
Chickpea Magazine is a vegan quarterly with submissions from around the world! Help us print our 4th issue & expand to mobile devices!
Three essays, five thousand words each, every three months. We want to build a better conversation with you.
Chickpea Magazine is a vegan lifestyle quarterly magazine that's looking to publish its first issue beyond the internet.
You are invited to the experiment: To incarnate feralism. Be part of the 13 Hats @ 12x16 Gallery show to help launch a new publication.
Popular Noise is a quarterly lifestyle magazine for the music community, featuring the best in art, fashion, and popular culture.
Moonshot, a print magazine of the literary & fine arts, needs help to fund its 2011 season so it can keep supporting emerging writers.
A new electronic magazine for experimental and interstitial art, writing and more, celebrating work that doesn't fit easily into boxes.
Modern, irreverent, and inclusive, Golly represents a new approach to women's magazines.
Swoon Magazine is a NY/LA-based independent music, fashion, philosophy, art & culture media project.
A new bi-monthly humor magazine, modestly asking for help to bring the first issue into existence.
The Manual is a new, beautifully crafted journal that takes a fresh look, in print, at design on the web.
The Coastal Table is a quarterly magazine that celebrates the best of life on the coast through the people who call it home.
Print's not dead! Innovative magazine of art, design, & culture, with David Lynch, Bruce Sterling, Corin Tucker of Sleater-Kinney, more
More "essential reading for comedy nerds"! If you missed this campaign, email publisher@americanbystander.org. We'll hook you up!
The Burlington Writers Workshop seeks funding to publish an anthology of fiction, nonfiction and poetry by local writers.
We're taking our iconic independent print magazine into the digital future. In the right way. In the beautiful way.
Media for the 99 Percent.
A quarterly photographic journal. No adverts, no filler. Just exclusive stories from photographers and writers around the world.
If Audrey Hepburn started a magazine, it would be Darling. An ad-free mag that guides women through life with beauty & wisdom.
Help fund the journal that blunts the cutting edge.
DAY JOB is a print magazine that explores modern work culture through the personal pursuits and values of people around the world.
The new city journal revitalizing literary LA with its devotion to narrative journalism, fiction, poetry, photography and art.
The Spring 2011 issue will take a critical look at urbanism and present design projects that operate in the margins of urban discourse.
A print and electronic literary annual featuring new stories, poems, and essays from established and emerging authors around the world.
sixteenbynine is a brand new magazine about TV with interviews, features, reviews and an emphasis on design and illustration.
Recommended Reading is a free, weekly, digital magazine that introduces you to new fiction while supporting indie publishers.
MOOD is a magazine about music and food. We have one issue online and now we want to go to print. Join us!
Everybody's favorite picture book for discussion & activity! Crap Hound 6: Death, Telephones & Scissors reprint is ready to go!
We publish strange forms: glossaries, epigrams, lists, flashes. With innovative design and quirky narratives, it's weird by definition.
Like a Local is a quarterly online travel magazine dedicated to going beyond the guidebook in one, singular city per issue.
What if a print food magazine was a little bit dangerous?
The 2013-2014 Winter edition of Upstate Brew York is ready to go, but in order to cover printing costs, we need some help!
A showcase of outstanding illustration and design work demonstrating and pushing the boundaries of print in all forms.
By Hand Magazine is a quarterly magazine that celebrates cooking, gardening, knitting, sewing, DIY and do-gooding.
A digital publication about language and life
Carry the entire history of modern visual effects with you on your iPad.
Please help us print the next issue of the journal of the Royal College of Art.
PIECRUST is an art and literary magazine dedicated to works on paper with a "pie" related theme. Our Fall/Winter issue is: sugar&salt.
A newsprint zine.
Stories of food. Recipes for feeling good.
The Oxford American is going to Texas. Come with us!
Atlas Quarterly is a glossy print magazine that tells stories about American makers and beautiful objects from the past.
Thirty Two's goal is to cre­ate the Twin Cities’ most thought-provoking and intel­lec­tu­ally engaging magazine.
An online issue of fiction and poetry from contemporary Afghan writers translated into English.
Standing at the intersection of urban innovation and rural living.
A quarterly magazine that tells the stories of the people that are driving our region's growth.
Rad magazine with content complimenting stickers that reveal hidden content when peeled. Uniquely showcasing creative talents for you.
Lifestyle/Culture/Fashion magazine created by best friends from their college dorms. Thought-provoking, creative and always humorous.
A biannual interdisciplinary magazine that brings together esteemed thinkers and emerging ones from around the world.
The First Print Publication to discuss the present through the work of Young Emerging Hispanic Artists and Designers.
Five Years and Running Subculture Fashion, Music, and Lifestyle Focused Auxiliary Magazine Launches Print and Digital Subscriptions!
An independent art zine for your iPad, and the source code to build your iPad magazine.
GOT A GIRL CRUSH MAGAZINE is a publication about the women who do amazing things – right in our own backyards.
Help us fund our 1st glossy printed issue ! - L'équipe FASHIZBLACK a besoin de VOUS pour réaliser son premier numéro sur papier glacé !
Gypsé eyes is a publication which investigates the hilarity and loneliness of sex, love, and relationships. We need your help!
A hilarious and beautifully designed tablet humor magazine
Kids with hearing loss need ongoing social/emotional support. Hearing Our Way is a free magazine that lets them know they're not alone.
An independent magazine for every category.
Habitual provides an in-depth look at the versatility and behavior of brewing coffee. Storytelling and brewing coffee in the wild.
"Paul Ryan" is the unofficial parody magazine of Speaker of the House Paul Ryan, brought to you by the team who made The Neu Jorker.
Imagine if McQueen, Kerouac, Muir & Whitman started a magazine. Let's make Wilderness; a men's mag about exploration, character & grit.
Selfish is a fearless, intersectional, independent magazine featuring autobiographical art and lit by female-identified storytellers.
Tea Journey helps consumers make informed tea selections, properly prepare fine tea and better appreciate the artisans who craft it.
Inspiring children into science with exciting experiments, articles & puzzles in a fun monthly science magazine for 6-11 year olds
A quarterly magazine exploring the limitless possibilities of creative businesses and the innovative ideas of today’s doers & makers.
A Professional Magazine of Science Fiction and Fantasy Literature
Woven is a tri-annual printed publication sharing common threads through the stories of makers and thinkers.
A design-oriented print magazine in the visual tradition of Kinfolk with the sassy attitude of BUST, focused on wedding content.
27 stories from around the globe, in a photography heavy, gorgeously designed, collectable, 176 page publication.
12 MONTHS = 12 CITIES. Decompoz is an urban culture monthly digital publication with the focus to portray the soul of every community.
Imagine if Kahlo, Yeats, Poe and Silverstein started a magazine. Let's make Zymbol: a multimedia mag that aims to defy reality.
Hello we are Anna and Thomas; exploring the culinary startup culture of Lisbon in a passioned print magazine.
Brand new print astrology magazine designed to absolutely knock people's socks off. Smart, sharp, and with a seriously subversive edge.
An annual magazine celebrating food and ideas
Part food narrative, part food guide, part cookbook, Comestible is a quarterly print publication devoted to real food.
Cranked is a new magazine for mountain bikers. Fabulous photography and writing, beautifully printed and delivered to your door
A monthly subscription box, delivered complete with experimental literature, writing supplies, and intriguing postal pleasantries.
Industry leaders inspiring you about sustainability through design and architecture. A digital publication sent quarterly.
Downgrade Magazine is the collaborative effort of five photographers working to capture the essence of downhill skateboarding.
An art and idea magazine about drag. Comics, Essays, Photography, Poetry, Style.
A bi-annual print publication exploring the beauty and complexity of all things water. Be a part of our journey!
An art based and design forwarded project round about the culture of red hair. The only print magazine for redheads worldwide.
Høsten 2016 lanserer vi et nytt, moderne og eksklusivt strikkemagasin. Støtt oss, så vi kan realisere drømmen vår!
A lavish print quarterly featuring comedy all-stars from SNL, The Simpsons, Monty Python & National Lampoon!
HYSTERIA #5 'Nonsense' is the fifth issue of our unflinching radical feminist periodical
A queer zine that isn't about cake — or boys.
The sophomore issue of Banana Magazine–a publication dedicated to all things AZN
The video game history magazine's next issue is about games in summer and a game *about* summer.
True stories for grown-ups about family bicycling and childhood cycling memories.
Can bicycling save the world? Or at least your life? Just maybe. Contributors to Taking the Lane Volume 9 write about how.
NF Magazine is the new source for Nintendo video game coverage delivered both digitally and in print. Subscribe to help us fund Year 2!
Made by teachers for students: a free, interactive print magazine in Madrid to take home or use in class.
The Cleaver Quarterly is a new print magazine taking a playful look at Chinese food as a global phenomenon.
Tiny Atlas Quarterly magazine features travel in a fresh, immersive and personal way. Fund our next edition on-line and in print today!
writeHackr is a digital magazine app for authors, bloggers, copywriters & wordsmiths.
GFF is a quarterly print magazine that bridges the gap between captivating, world-class food magazines and gluten-free living.
Momma Tried is a nudie mag with art and literature based out of New Orleans. Preorder & join us in sending Issue 2 to print!
Dedicated to automotive photography & owners that create the Art. Full page spreads & stories from Louisiana and surrounding states
Help publish SIRENE, a new magazine tailored for those who feel close to the sea even when they are far away from it
A beautiful, student-run feminist magazine that attempts to question how the media makes us look at ourselves and why.
White is an inspiring, independently-published, quarterly wedding and relationship magazine created in Australia for the world.
The eleventh issue of Taking the Lane is all about bicycling with (or without) your best friend.
An industry publication for the balloon professional featuring multiple brands and support companies, but with a strong business focus
A quarterly print publication that examines innovative trends for intentional living.
Gänget bakom Datormagazin återvänder till begynnelsen och gör en retrotidning om Commodore, Amiga, emulatorer och mycket mer.
Taking pre-orders and selling micro-subscriptions for issues 3 & 4 of Cirsova Heroic Fantasy & Science Fiction Pulp Zine.
Curium is a print publication about places, faces, and things to fill your spaces.
A print anthology featuring the best of Steel Toe Review's first year online.
"The unexamined life is not worth living." A magazine of ideas and ideals.
I'm writing a Day of the Dead issue of my zine "Have You Seen the Dog Lately?" as part of the Revenge of Print campaign, and including some artifacts.
Spoon University - Michigan State is a community dedicated to promoting food diversity and healthy lifestyles in the East Lansing area.
The only magazine dedicated exclusively to Albuquerque graffiti. Photos and interviews compiled in one attractive and tangible source.
Chicago's only magazine devoted to the local yarn arts scene. Knit and crochet patterns, spinning, events, articles, and interviews.
The Skateboarder’s Journal - a unique form of periodical, very different from other skateboarding magazines…half-book, half-magazine.
Geeked is an illustration-led quarterly magazine with an urban feminist slant on art, culture and gender.
A beautifully designed, biannual magazine that celebrates women and food.
Help us launch Roanoke Virginia's first visual arts magazine! This free publication will showcase our creative community's talents.
Help Latinitas print LATINITAS MAGAZINE, the 1st magazine FOR & BY Latina youth!
A magazine about the environment, culture, travel and outdoors in the Patagonia region of Chile and Argentina.
Vagina is a quarterly feminist zine hoping to publish our Summer 2012 issue.
Bring a new voice to the Portland music community: Support Vortex Music Magazine so we can design, print + distribute our first issue.
TUNICA is an art publication, printed and digital, with three issues per year and entirely free of advertising.
Many genres. No limits. Just good stories.
Students from SOAS have founded a feminist magazine consisting of art, articles and poetry that approach issues from a feminist view
Celebrating the stories of Latinos & inspiring the next generation of Latino heroes. SVL is about ACCESS, INFLUENCE & EMPOWERMENT.
With its quarterly publications, Vagina provides a space for ladies to share their creative work with the public.
Every quarter we hope to bring you unbiased reviews, covering all aspects of paintball, from new kit it, tournaments and scenario games
Promote zero emission vehicles. Educate people about advantages of driving electric by funding the 2016 EV Buyers Guide Interactive App
Help attract BIG name authors to Jamais Vu so the rest of the authors receive well deserved attention.
This is a zine by people with disabilities. It is filled with art, poetry, & articles including ones about making spaces accessible.
Neos is a new magazine for young adults and teens replete with intriguing and relevant articles, art, literary pieces, and great design
One Thousand Feathers is the next phase of self-publishing for Raven Mack, putting Rojonekku word fighting arts back in tract form.
i have a passion for writing especially when i feel my words can help others. this is a story of a bulimic addict stuffed in a zine.
The Feminist Observer is a feminist digital magazine that is preparing to publish its second issue, coming out January 2013.
Artifice Magazine is going on tour in support of the release of its second issue, with readings in Chicago, Indianapolis, Baltimore, DC, NYC & Boston.
Volume one of a 40 page periodical about interaction design by the creators of http://fuckjetpacks.com and http://ignorethecode.net
New section to online magazine exploring the interactions between the Arts, Sciences and Consciousness
The Feminist Observer is a digital magazine set to launch in December 2012.
Help fund the third year of Bull Spec, a quarterly print and PDF magazine of speculative fiction published out of Durham, NC.
We're a volunteer-run variety publication seeking cash for training and support for international interns, and layout/tech advice
STTF is a free, volunteer-run, print publication for fans of the band Phish. We want to get our 33 back issues online for our readers!
Show Pony Magazine, available in print and online, features extraordinary individuals, artisans, and independent business owners.
Relaunch of a children's fantasy magazine--published from 1999-2003--for a new audience, new platform and a new year.
inconnu takes a look at the future of culture, comedy, and creativity, featuring Molls, DailyGrace, & many more. Help us go to print!
BARmag delves deep into the art and culture of Burning Man immortalizing the creations, ideas and spirit of burners everywhere.
Animus is the thinking man's magazine. We philosophize, psychologize, tell stories, and most importantly, make fart jokes.
Be inspired. Be educated. Feel a connection to our dance roots. This book is an amazing new resource for everyone from beginner to pro!
I've published 75 copies of issue one, I want to do a second run AND publish my next issue.  I need your help!
Magazine de société féminin indépendant | Independant Women Magazine.
This magazine focuses on men's interests and needs, highlighting all aspects of a luxury lifestyle in the city where you live - The D.
An original, un-pretentious magazine packed with intellectual, creative, and tactile brain candy from your peers.
Living History Magazine is a quarterly magazine for historical reenactors. It will feature DIY projects, events, personal stories, etc.
A Periodical of The Public Sphere: Philosophy Salons
Nous avons besoin de votre aide pour créer le magazine Nouveau projet.

We need your help to fund issue 1 of Nouveau projet magazine.
Hoot is Columbia University and Morningside Heights' fashion magazine, dedicated to celebrating fashion, art, and culture through student diversity.
A horror zine from horror fans, sharing our love of the genre through reviews, interviews, articles, and other fun features.
Volume III of SENTENCES will feature prose & poetry by the inmates of the Garner Correctional Institution.
You know us from The11.ca. We want to take that passion for Canadian soccer journalism and give it the platform it deserves.
Produce and distribute the second issue of Comedy Magazine: Yum! This is the odd comedy experience your iPad has been longing for.
A two week long immersion into America's new oil frontier: North Dakota.
A Bi-Annual Print Mag by artists. Based in Oslo, Norway, we are devoted to High-End Fashion, Art and Nude Photography by other artists.
A little litzine, all four hooves in the trough, curling our tail, and nudging our brothers and sisters for the best lookin' pellets.
A San Francisco-based biannual arts & culture publication focusing on art, events, happenings, and content from new & unique artists
A print newsletter for the 35212 zip code and surrounding areas in Birmingham, Alabama.
An online hookup turns horrific, Fargo BINGO hall mysteries, road trip as conceptual art, and more amazingness in this premiere issue!
One simple goal: To provide the highest quality mobile storytelling possible for skiers worldwide, for free. Always fresh, always deep.
Mad Rook publishes ideas to help our young generation think intelligently about issues of our day. Your support will help us print our first issue.
A digital magazine that champions creativity, bringing you revealing and original stories about films and the people who make them!
We're starting up a periodical entitled 'The Peckham Peculiar' in one of London's most vibrant areas. Jeff Bezos - are you there?
Jack Tar Magazine is changing the face of modern maritime culture!
Cupcake Quarterly is a new high-end magazine, showcasing breathtaking pin-up images that capture sexy and classic style and beauty.
A new literary magazine: memoir, poetry, fiction, nonfiction on the lives and experiences of parents.
Pioneer is a free, volunteer-run magazine covering local arts and politics in Western Massachusetts. Help us print our first issue.
The Luddite is a letterpress-printed, crafted magazine focused on real human stories that get glossed over in our digital age.
Fabric Fondlers unite! Generation Q is a fun, inspiring lifestyle magazine for the modern and contemporary quilter, sewist and crafter.
Pledge to keep celebrating diverse voices in literature & art!
A zine wherein music inspires writing which inspires art. Every copy is unique. Any extra money raised will go straight to the next issue of the zine!
Help to keep the Journal in print! Our main advertiser went into administration before paying us for the last issue.
The definitive guide to the Philadelphia Eagles: now bigger and better than ever, in physical and ebook form.
12 months of rad, feminist, activist mothers, kids, partners, dads, allies & friends, in all our words, pictures &zine-embracing glory.
PROJECT is a new journal for architecture. Through drawings, images, and text, PROJECT investigates what architecture is and can be.
A critical, insightful magazine about social change in India, with writing and photos by young development professionals
A magazine for fans of live music,arts and entertainment  Funny stories, Reviews of shows, musical reporting, band interviews.
Pew! Pew! is a 16-page black-and-white bi-monthly magazine about comic books and geek culture.
Dropknee Magazine was created to keep DK alive, and with declining support by the industry, we need to band together to keep it alive.
Keeping track of any instances in which a black, white, latino or asian player was belittled or praised for hustle, or lack thereof.
On February 23, we're going to make a magazine from start to finish in 24 hours and broadcast the making process online.
everything you need to know about Michigan football, 2014, and several other things besides.
Lavender Review is an e-zine of lesbian poetry and art eager to stay alive for another year.
Patriotic Voice is an upcoming zine dedicated to Oi! music and skinhead culture.  I am trying to get issue #1 out, and anything helps!!
Good Things Magazine is an inspiring compilation of positive news and all things that make you proud to be human.
A bi-weekly magazine, via app or the web, focusing on the uses of herbs in the home and everyday life to bring out the healer in us all
Revamped Magazine is a quarterly publication that sets out to inspire, inform & educate creative women with style.
Atlas Magazine is an inspirational fashion magazine for the new generation of fashion creatives.
Help us raise money for a magazine print run, sharing the stories of San Jose’s inspiring artists and entrepreneurs.
First American Art Magazine is covers the art of Indigenous peoples of the Americas. Issue 1 comes out August 1st.
Issues is a collaborative, multidisciplinary publication that explores the intersection of design and social issues in St. Louis.
A publication dedicated to the collaboration of photography and design. Issue 03 focusing on the discovery of 'Energy'.
An eclectic magazine full of rampant opinions, amazing photography and delicious literature.
Help us showcase our talented contributors in our 1st print issue, featuring a full-color cover, art, poetry, fiction, and more.
Noospheria is a fragment of the universe enacted by human thought, culture, and language. Anobium is putting it in a book.
Studying empowering education in Nicaragua, India, Bhutan and the United States to find education models that are enriching lives!
Vagina is a zine for the ladies, by the ladies.
Volume 2 will be a collections of stories that need to be told. It is about embracing our past and looking to the future.
Do you think that satire of women's media is cool? See what Reductress can do with a full site redesign.
Equestrian Culture discovers the best style, art and small businesses representing the equestrian lifestyle.
Help us raise money to print ISSUE 2 (Winter 2011) of the ONLY U.S.  magazine just for Tribal and Tribal Fusion belly dance!!!
A print magazine celebrating gatherings of the New North
Holeshot is a sporadically produced BMX zine. Started in 2007, Holeshot has begun work on its 9th issue and final issue.
Discover genre-defying boldness from exciting writers in poetry, fiction and plays, literary review, interviews and commentary.
Help seven teams of editors and artists bring a many-headed Birkensnake 6 into the world!
For the best in print, here in Denver.
Villager is a free, weekly publication that will bring all of Tallahassee together in one place!
The Feminist Observer is a feminist/humanist/equality-centered digital magazine that launched in December 2012.
A collection of artistic sparks.
An inspired and discerning bi-monthly online magazine addressing the many facets shaping art and culture from the 1960s to the present
A new shelter and lifestyle magazine promoting local eateries, farms, boutiques and non-profits in the Cincinnati region.
Church Planter Magazine App for the iPad Newsstand. How-to content for planters, established church leaders and the everyday Christian.
A web serial fiction anthology offering daily fantasy, science fiction and pulp adventure for the discerning cliffhanger enthusiast!
787XX is a magazine dedicated to distribution and discussion by and for everyone in the Austin area.
Natural Herbal Living Magazine is an e-zine that focuses on learning to work with one herb a month. Our readers want a print version.
This project is an extension of a former accomplished and published project researching HIV risk among Black teachers in South Africa.
LIES features feminist writing against white supremacy, gender & capital. This is our 2nd volume & we need help to get it to print!
Ghost Ocean Magazine at AWP Conference 2011: We need a table so we can hand out freebies & spread the Ghost Ocean gospel! Contests too!
Help us bring CCM Magazine, the voice of Christian music, back in print with a 35th Anniversary Tribute Edition. Join the launch team!
iPositive is interactive positive and motivational magazine . “You are what you think!” Are You Positive?
The second volume of a 100-plus-page art and humor 'zine, featuring writers from 'The Onion,' Adult Swim, 'Community,' & many more!
Anglophiles and expatriates will now have a publication that celebrates the continuing cultural exchange between the US and the UK.
Quail Bell Magazine (www.quailbellmagazine.com) is finally releasing its first print version--a lovely, high-quality 'zine!
Momma Tried is a print-only conceptual nudie mag exhibiting art, writing, and non-heteronormative perspectives on sexuality.
Help us build our new GAYLETTER website and app. Support us so we can keep supporting queer nightlife and culture.
HYSTERIA PRESS publishes voices that are overwhelmingly unheard, bringing together cutting-edge activists from all over the world.
Let us into your kitchen! Would you ever drink camel's milk? Where does coffee and chocolate come from? What is Fair Trade? Find out!
Cool & Collected Magazine will cover pop culture collectibles such as toys, comics, memorabilia, books, and collector events.
A magazine for the scientist in all of us.
Nanny Magazine is the only magazine for nannies. We're launching in January 2014, bringing great content to readers. Help us start up!
Called "a cross between The New Criterion and Mad magazine" by The New York Times, Artenol seeks to expand its content and circulation.
BEAUTIFUL SAVAGE MAGAZINE is an Art & Fashion Magazine in Williamsburg, Brooklyn
The name, A Radical Notion, is taken from the quote, "Feminism is the radical notion that women are people."
Make room on your bookshelf for a literary magazine inspired by Virginia Woolf's timeless metaphor for defeating writerly inhibitions.
Issue # 1 of Partisan magazine.
Art / Photography / Music / Writing / Fashion / Culture / Detritus
LGA to launch Gazillion Voices, an adoptee-led magazine focusing on topics and issues important to the adoption community and beyond.
I have published 13 issues of my magazine, consisting of interviews with my friends and non-celebrities. Issue #14 will be on the iPad.
Wildling Magazine is for free-spirited families - celebrating the art of storytelling.
A modern day artistic horror magazine with that campy old-school feel. In your home, in your nightmares, & in your little black hearts!
Analog Revolution is self-publishing: a Magazine about music, hi-fi, and the local metro-Atlanta scene AND records from local artists.
We strive to present the life struggles of talented New Yorkers and show how the sport they love changed their lives forever.          
TEEN WITCH is a teen zine aiming to honor and give praise to queer artists & the underground cyber scene mixing future with nostalgia.
The Social Media Monthly magazine is the worlds only printed magazine focused on social media's impact on all aspects of life.
Rosario Dawson Loves Me is my contribution to Chicago's still-thriving 'zine community.  It revolves around Rosario Dawson.  Loving me.  In Heaven.
We are students who want to voice opinions that may otherwise go unheard of by creating a new publication for our community.
A literary magazine full of art, photography, poetry, short stories, editorials, satire,and memoir created by students of Cleveland HS
We're a cultural magazine seeking to foster conversations through the fiction, poetry, and cultural criticism of the young and curious.
THREE is Yolk NY's literary magazine, launching May 31, 2013. We need your help to fund the publishing for our first issue!
The Circuit is a weekly, live, community oriented tech news digest airing on Friday afternoons in partnership with LIvestream.com.
Entityy Magazine is an upcoming magazine which will be launched in early 2014. A collage, a viewpoint, a voice for the creative.
Podcast/blogging platform on foreign affairs with over 30 writers, all of whom have been to war or published (peer-reviewed) on war.
The Key will be a bi-monthly events magazine featuring ALL arts & culture events surrounding Blair County, Pennsylvania.
Jake and I would like to continue to provide you with thoughts on what grabs our attention in Dallas and across the world
MGoBlog's Michigan football preview magazine goes indie.
TRUTH Magazine will be America's premier LGBT magazine for people of color, and will end stereotypes of the LGBT community of color.
"A beacon of hope in an image hungry world."

Sourcing the freshest international fashion, photography and style for your delectation.
Drollhouse is a new journal of wit exploring everyday humor through a variety of essays, art, photography, illustrations and interviews
An awesome calendar full of real pedicab girls showing their feminine side.
Literary and fine arts print magazine.  New creative work from 30 different writers, poets, and artists.  West Coast themes.
PLGRM Magazine explores the people and ideas of the New Spiritual Awakening.
Koshka Zine's focus is on presenting diverse viewpoints on Central and Eastern European culture in well-designed packages!
"Blackberry" aims to be a premier literary magazine featuring African-American women writers and artists.
"Hello, do YOU work here?" is sure to provide a pick-me-up on a bad day at work and make you feel a little less alone on those crappy days on the job.
EMMA magazine is a print periodical with a focus on the work of young, predominantly unrepresented artists and critical thinkers.
Rambling Spirit is a Catholic general interest magazine designed for the wanderer who seeks truth, goodness and beauty in all things.
SkateBoner Magazine - underground skateboarding mag based out of North Carolina.
new, local, restaurant-industry-voice magazine
The Green Fox Magazine is a local free magazine featuring themes of Local, Handmade, Homegrown, and Sustainable.
A stand-up comic's story of opening for comedy legends, experiencing a dream, but never taking the big risks to try and really make it.
The Headless Society is a writing club at New York University, and we need your help to publish our literary magazine, The Guillotine.
Volume two of a 40 page periodical about interaction design by Jon Bell (fuckjetpacks.com) and Lukas Mathis (ignorethecode.net).
Help launch Plunge, an ezine that will publish mysteries, scifi, fantasy, *punk, thrillers, and more--all featuring queer women.
We are creating a 2014 full size calendar featuring your pets!!
We publish fiction, nonfiction, poetry, and visual art. We favor well-crafted work which gives reason to pause and think.
The first-of-its kind tablet magazine for the mystery, thriller and true crime genres in all mediums.
Chicago art magazine dedicated to the exploration of aesthetic spaces.
An annual collection of student art and literature created and produced through the efforts of an all-student staff. Please love us.
TFO has continued to bring you exciting new issues on pressing topics each month. Help make our next big changes possible.
A quarterly print magazine celebrating a well-made life. Introducing the print edition of theholbornmag.com.
Support Paprika Southern's first print edition! After 2 years and more than 20 online issues, we're coming to the printed page.
Electric Velocipede, the Hugo-Award winning speculative fiction magazine wants to fund its next year of issues with your help!
Gathered is a magazine devoted to the celebration of passionate makers inspiring individuals and heartening friendships.
SkateBoner Magazine Issue #1 was a success and it is time to start raising money for Issue #2!
IMPACT is a free, social impact focused magazine that aims to unite students and other groups to create social change.
Sci-fi, horror, and fantasy fiction PLUS short genre films, all in one digital magazine? Yup! And that's just the tip of the "wayline."
ALL–IN is a biannual art and design publication featuring conversation between artists from all fields and perspectives.
Spilt Magazine is a visual and literary arts magazine comprised of art made by people who are often looked over by society.
In honor of our recently deceased Managing Editor, Josie Stone, we want to distribute a special free edition of QB Express across RVA!
A teen-created, teen-run literary arts magazine dedicated to sharing and celebrating excellence within the teen writing community.
By sharing personal stories, we will encourage, empower, and equip people to live with hope & purpose as we go to print this summer!
A Free Adventure Magazine
TILT Magazine offers cutting edge information to therapists, coaches and healers about online intervention and cyberculture.
Master of Horror Mike Hearse and Guru of Geek TuffNerd have combined forces to bring you Horror Hotties and Sci-Fi Scintillation!
TALC is a new design magazine that celebrates visual culture through compelling imagery, adult content and smart editorial.
Ralph Bunche HS students are creating a yearbook which will display their skills in photography,journalism, media creation and editing.
First issue Travel Guide 201 magazine - 88 pgs of destinations, photographs, and travel tips for western Europe. $ Goal - $150 +++ !
Margins is a magazine where you are the editor.  The red pen is in your hands; we want to see what you've got scribbled in the margins.
βeta Male: a luxurious print magazine for the 21st Century gentleman in the second stage of his adult life.
A new print+digital magazine dedicated to the best of European motoring. Cars & motorcycles. Old & new. All European, all in one place.
Wild Apple is a visually inspiring print magazine celebrating gluten-free food and travel through a seasonal point of view.
African Voices is a trend-setting literary magazine that publishes stimulating fiction, poetry, essays, short plays and art.
A gorilla and a chicken get on a bus- next thing you know they are putting out Colorado's only statewide distributed music magazine!
The most comprehensive Tennessee football preseason magazine returns this summer.
Furthering a highly beneficial process for the circumcised penis is what this project is about. Donate. Do it, do it.... do it!
An online magazine of speculative fiction, poetry, comics PLUS streaming film.
Boy meets girl. Girl likes boy. Superpowers interfere.
Magazine Showcasing Steve Jobs’ World Changing Innovations & the Future of Those Technologies. Goal is to Inspire, Inform & Involve !
Featuring the DOPEST music, fashion & art. If XXL & Vogue made love, Dernière Vie would be their child.
WORLD MAGAZINE - A unique, interactive digital experience for kids aged 8 - 13 to explore the world
The current economy caused magazines catering to the average person to close.  But travel should be for everyone, all the time.
Time is a precious commodity.  Our informative yet witty THREE-MINUTE VIDEO REVIEWS will satisfy your every anime whim!! YOUR MOVE!!!
Produced by the Students of Vista Nueva HS in Northwest New Mexico, covering their articles and photography on living green.
Retro Gaming Magazine casts a tactful eye on games from the past and long lasting franchises.  We lived it, this is our story for you.
Explorative readers will see different lifestyles, unconventional career paths, and entrepreneurial endeavors from around the world.
PRISteen Magazine is a modest teen fashion magazine, published quarterly.
Gothestro Magazine - bringing you the best in international rock & metal artists of the future. News, gig guides, reviews & interviews
A print & digital MAGAZINE that shares everyday people's inspirational life STORIES - so we can learn to be our BEST!
Find the best food, festivals and farmers markets along the New Mexico Chile Trail!
The first and only monthly bilingual magazine that is a 100% family-friendly.

Featuring stories about Hispanics Entrepreneurs.
TYD is a tablet-based fashion & lifestyle magazine about rising and established entrepreneurs under-30. Inspire. Inform. Work. Play!
A magazine that selects and shares with the world a high level of talent in the entertainment and fashion
This endeavor is a grassroots art project and first time experience with online publishing.
Midwest Biker Magazine is for the V-Twin motorcycle enthusiasts who love the cruiser motorcycles and embrace the biker lifestyle.
I would like to expand my range of local community free magazines. I have 2 magazines currently I  need to create 2 more. erriseye.com
Springfield Pets Guide needs help to continue its 8th year of saving DEATH ROW DOGS & CATS. Save lives and be featured in the Magazine!
FuckMTV is the first and only magazine designed for people with autism
Lifestyler Nation: The Magazine For The Alternative Mindset, is a quarterly digest created for people of Alternative Lifestyles.
A magazine about the blues music scene in the pacific northwest.
Underground, emerging, music, community, Blog magazine, Fashion Picks, Album reviews, Urban Music, Roots
Project Different is a Magazine Designed for People with Disabilities to Show That Being Disabled Does Not Mean You Are Unable.
The Karma Sutra Guide for the Single Person:  10 Ways to Screw Yourself.  Short Love Stories Gone Awry.  By Margo Rita
Everyday Interview is a new website that will give people the ability to be heard while opening the minds of individuals everywhere.
Everyone has a story.  Let's make it a Cover Story for family, friends and the person featured to treasure for years to come.
love:mini is a free magazine all about classic and new Minis - the cars!  We need help getting to the next level through marketing.
The Kingdom Citizen is a unique, monthly teaching, culture, and news magazine for true disciples of the Lord Jesus Christ.
We're creating a business to provide information, news, and jobs for L.I.'s Black community, a newspaper where Black news matters.
Sharing amazing stories in one publication. I want to go nation wide, Every local charity deserves credit for their community services.
This project will develop a Newsletter for Minority Community Groups to navigate the current impact of banking regulation on lending
When MEN'S magazine stopped catering to MEN, we decided to create a magazine to recapture the attention of the average man in the U.S.
For Angel Eyes Only (FAEO) is a print and digital magazine, website and video channel targeting the micro-micro investor.
BushwickBK was Bushwick's main source of local news. Let's bring it back as The Bushwick News, better than ever!
With over 220 million people living outside their passport countries, find out how you can help make 2015 your best New Year yet!
Five Years and Running Subculture Fashion, Music, and Lifestyle Focused Auxiliary Magazine Launches Print and Digital Subscriptions!
A brand new history magazine on the market on every major digital platform & not only for history lovers.
Thistle Magazine (θɪsəl mægəzin), n. An experience of the infinite variety and intimacy of life, its memories and dreams.
We are J-COLLABO, working to promote Japanese culture in New York. With your kind support we will create the J-MAP culture guide!
A digital food and lifestyle magazine that looks at life through a gluten-free lens.
PUSS PUSS is a new stylish publication for culture-, fashion-, music- and cat lovers.
Each issue of Abe's Peanut is a serialized story printed on postcards and mailed weekly to kids through the US Postal Service.
We are a quarterly print magazine aimed at encouraging readers to live their lives fully, without an off switch.
We believe we can’t have radical action without radical thought. A journal of theory and strategy for Occupy movement.
A tabloid newspaper covering design, written and designed live, then delivered across NYC each morning during four days in May.
Help bring Transgressor off the screen and onto the bookshelves!
Full Circle Journal: a biannual print publication that explores our ideas of connection through writing, photos, music, art & science.
Beecher's is a student-governed literary journal dedicated to inimitable writing and design.
Help print the very funny next issue of Minutiæ, 'Progress,' by pre-ordering. Receive a pin or a t-shirt or a postcard or more!
ArTree is an art magazine that nurtures and grows your child's creativity.
A magazine about visiting Paris, discovering Parisian Art de Vivre, living Paris as an insider - And do it all with a smile.
Line-Up Magazine is an online music and fashion magazine developed by high school students ready to expand into print.
A magazine to inspire beautiful weddings and prepare couples for a successful marriage.
The dog culture magazine that is built around fashion, lifestyle and design is launching their first print magazine!
A design-focused, quarterly lifestyle magazine celebrating California's Central Valley, one dinner party at a time!
Readers of Northeast FLAVOR, New England's food and wine magazine, want more recipes more often! We're going to bring it!
This beautifully illustrated publication educates and entertains 8-12 year olds with a unique mixture of fact and fiction.
An indie mag with stories from around the world by anthropologists immersed in foreign cultures. Anthropology for non-anthropologists.
A rare view into the hidden spaces between the studio and the exhibition, ART HANDLER is a magazine about the practice of moving art.
The Nepali Paper is a project to publish a biweekly tabloid newspaper as an ethnic media to promote voice of Nepalese people in Canada
Game Point is a quarterly print magazine featuring excellent writing, beautiful art and clean design celebrating the world of hoops.
A new quarterly hockey magazine that celebrates the culture and character of our game with distinctive writing, design and photography.
Help reinvent the science fiction magazine! Our goal is ambitious, but simple: create the most beautiful science fiction journal… ever!
Lemon Lime Magazine is a quarterly print, lifestyle magazine, for women of color. It shows brown girls living life fully!
A new quarterly magazine dedicated to providing a minimalist take on creative culture. Highlighting great places, projects and people.
ODOU is a printed magazine exploring scent and perfume through memory, science, art, design, personal reflections, photography and more
Lucia is a new kind of magazine. One that gives voice to the heart and celebrates true beauty.
Fameless Quarterly is an independent magazine that highlights unconventional and fascinating creatives from around the world.
Bring beauty to life through the pages of our quarterly digital lifestyle magazine featuring food, crafts, interiors, and vintage.
Inspiring young entrepreneurs to take the leap and #juststart. A magazine that gives you the tools to make your passion your day job.
All-breed, all discipline quarterly for equine enthusiasts in Central New York and beyond. Compelling stories & great photos.
Mosquito Lagoon Quarterly, is the brainchild of a group of independent artists and writers who live in Florida
Up-and-Coming Style is a magazine dedicated to fashion, art and all its contaminations.
A lifestyle magazine that explores ways for readers to educate & enlighten themselves on the culture of cannabis. Coming Spring 2015.
Gore Noir Magazine covers all the awesome horror that the other guys are too busy to cover.
Borrador quiere ser una revista digital de cultura, enfocada en la crítica y en la reflexión: creemos que es posible hacerlo diferente.
An interactive Las Vegas magazine focused on Art & Culture, changing the print reading experience by combining it with online media.
Funding project to map the Greasy Ridge of the Ohio basin to determine economics of drilling wells & ehanced oil recovery potential.
Help us publish the fifth and sixth issues of our green anarchist journal of fiction, essays, and art.
The No Umbrella Monster is a somewhat raw, wholly original annual print publication for outdoor adventurers to read in the outhouse.
Men's lifestyle magazine/guide for men in New York covering fashion, property, money, events, cool shit, fitness, guy's issues and more
A Magazine created by Artists...for Artists. Help fund a new venture that showcases independent talent by way of visual art.
Special Edition Annual Print Issue!
Kill Pretty is an independent lifestyle magazine featuring interviews and articles with a witty and unpredictable look at the world...
A magazine about pulling resources together in order to re-use old and recent technology. Join us NOW!
In 2015-2016, Contrivers' Review will publish articles and interviews examining technology and society.
We're doing a special edition of dispatch (ISSN 1948-1217 | litareview.com) in order to cover the Occupy movement of North America.
CC:KC, or Carbon Copy Kansas City, is an artists collective seeking funding for the launch of our first of many publications.
A digital, interactive magazine and online community for women in creative media industries.
A publication dedicated to sharing the story of 'local' in New England.
An independent voice for Central Montana!!
The Startup Monthly - A new print magazine dedicated to covering the startup and investor community.
Society's stories of financial grief and economic poverty, from the perspectives of those struggling through it. An effort to be heard.
Support our Fiction & Poetry Authors in this collaboration of Fantasy, Horror, Literary/Mainstream Fiction, Poetry and Science Fiction.
The Other Side of Horror.  The new quarterly print magazine from Haunt of Horror Press!
San Diego Woman Magazine would like to produce a special issue dedicated to Military Women and Military Wives.
In 100 pages per issue, Mascot Magazine brings the Concours de Elegance experience to life in print.  Stunning 4 color photography.
Examining Race behavior and awareness, generating support and assistance to the disenfranchised.
This is the first magazine project by Madalynn Alexander Publishing. This magazine is for for plus size women.
Supporting the UK home educating community. Be part of our move from an online magazine to a printed quarterly!
Mount Hope Lands Magazine is a regional magazine, whose focus is on Life & Leisure in Bristol County, Rhode Island and Parts Adjacent.
A web serial fiction anthology offering daily fantasy, science fiction and pulp adventure for the discerning cliffhanger enthusiast!
The quizzer is an entertaining and challenging bi-monthly trivia magazine  filled with quizzes, trivia, puzzles and more.
The Living Book of Love is a multimedia transcendent periodical that opens hearts and inspires communities to unite and to live as LOVE
Lifestyler Nation: The Magazine For The Alternative Mindset, is a quarterly digest created for people of Alternative Lifestyles.
Creative nonfiction periodical outlet based entirely on oral history
Bringing the world of ARPGs to life in a neat little digital magazine.
A magazine for a beautiful life that features cooking,fashion,local events, inspiring stories and much more. A positive magazine.
A short run six volume periodical-highlighting Photography, Art, Music & Culture.
Goal-to spread Art, plug You & help less fortunate.
NOW! Magazine Texas is a Premium “Pocket-Sized” Publication exploring the World of Art, Music, Theatre, Fashion and the Culinary Arts
Popular science/tech magazine for students, to try and inspire them about what goes on outside of the syllabus.
Inspirational stories of fitness professionals and athletes that purposely use their faith in positive ways on and off the field.
A resource to inspire and guide pioneering businesses who want to challenge the way things are done.
This is a project to produce and publish a "do it yourself" style skate board magazine.  Quarterly, low key, low cost, and skateboards
Adult Science Fiction & Cyberpunk Prose eZine
a minimalistic approach introducing children to fashion, creativity, and self discovery with the intention of igniting wee inspiration.
A free community magazine with great info about the heart of our community - loaded with content & resources, & light on advertising.
Thousands of students at K-State live to learn about science and technology. Our newspaper was created to fulfill and inspire them.
Help Remwaldo showcase Vaughan's best Pizzeria's and their Signature Pizza's in this awesome magazine! Mmm...pizza!
I Want to Start a Boxing Magazine to Bring Boxing Back to the Golden Era but with a Modern Twist
Nothing holds more promise for the new year than crowdfunding. Introducing: GoLive Crowdfunding Magazine! Funded by you!
The Literary Hatchet contains just the right measure of gore, danger, and fear, publishing new works and paying our creators well.
Jane and her 16 year old daughter Dorothy are escaping the mob traveling from Chicago to Oregon in 1909. An amazing tribute to love.
Boarders Magazine brings together wakesurfing, paddle boarding (SUP) and flow boarding to grow the inland surf industry.
Founded On The Premise Of Free Speech, Trueblue Revels In Anything Offbeat, Alternative And Artistic.
To promote the enjoyment and lifestyle of motorcycles, atvs, etc. with information, exchange of ideas, parts & service, private ads.
Independent media capable of creating, supporting and sponsoring art and the exchange of ideas for the leaders of today and tomorrow.
Snow-Am is a FREE bi-monthly magazine featuring amateur skiers and snowboarders.
WSTRNCV is AUTHENTIC ride culture —Created as an ode to the open road and the laid back coastal lifestyle we all enjoy.
Mobtown is a free, local magazine focused on Baltimore City and the many diverse neighborhoods that comprise it.
Unsung Magazine is an Independent Magazine that is going to be published to exhibit untapped talent in photography, writing, etc.
Our unique magazine will be just like the women who read it ... beautiful, relevant and inspiring both inside and out!
A mini-magazine designed to enhance the enjoyment of live sporting events.  We want to put the game in "context" for fans.
Coffea Magazine focuses on shedding light on those who have broken barriers in their industry.
A magazine dedicated to archeology published with HD pictures and articles of proven scientific value.
A periodical about reason, freethinking, philosophy, and antitheism.
A collection of positive quotes, mixed with real life experience on how to create the positive life you want!
We are New England's premier luxury lifestyle magazine and resource to luxury goods and fine living finds in New England and beyond.
Midwest Rider is for motorcycle enthusiasts who love all things on 2 wheels. We cover street, sport, race & dirt here in the Midwest.
Supporting the Fight Against Crime
Magazine to uplift, educate & empower a positive outlook on our African American Community, since we get so much negative news.
The dude rag from the third coast, serving up a quarterly spectacle of topics, news and a propensity to explode...
This project is aimed at producing the first full print run of CT Magazine
CODE Magazine is considering a ePub version, so people can read the magazine on ePub readers, iPads, and many other devices.
Click the link above NOW to help us reach our goal and get some cool stuff!
WE. aims to become an international magazine focusing on the backstage of artistic fields, highlighting the work of their people.
Our mission is showcase beautiful plump pinup girls and to discuss art, sex, food, and anything that relates to the world of pinup.
A unique independent magazine featuring inspirational female surfers, environmentalists, travelers, and artists from across the globe.
A new monthly magazine app for Dota 2 featuring competitive, lore, and opinion pieces from those who love the game.
A digital magazine about Science Fiction, Fantasy & Horror. Fiction, News, Movies, People, Games, Events, New Authors ... Everything
eleven is a free digital literary magazine, featuring pieces by 11 writers & an 11 piece collection by an artist based on these pieces.
Ditch the theme parks & aim higher! A family travel magazine with alternative adventures worldwide & in the backyard.
A Magazine Depicting the Sport fishing of Abalone for Abalone Enthusiast's as well as Abalone Lovers
A magazine showing local talented Model, Photographers and Artist.
Passion project online magazine looking for funding to make my dream of being in print a reality.
A stripped down zine dedicated to music and gaming in the style of a FAQ.
Paintball guide including the MUST and DON'T, DIY projects and exclusive concept and products of Chimera Masquerade  paintball team
Where karting and culture meet. An unprecedented bi-annual print publication from the creators of Kart360.
Flyy Magazine is the first of it's kind. Combining Men's lifestyle with MMA this magazine will fit you no matter who you are.
The Broome Street Review is a biannual journal of the arts.  Help us publish our fourth issue, which promises to be incredible!
Playing Roles Outside of Basic Education (P.R.O.B.E)
The magazine that highlights extracurricular school activities in Central Ohio
Urban Paws is an informative pet lifestyle magazine committed to rescue and adoption efforts. Help us to print our Fall 2011 issue.
Purechild magazine is a conveniently sized free magazine to help parents grow confident kids through inspiration and learning.
The Makhazine is a free online magazine which gives a human perspective on retail
Bringing subtle messages of animal rescue and welfare to the general population of pet owners.
A new opensource (free) academic journal focused on new uses,ideas, and theories related to conflict resolution.
EV Mag elevates the emotional power of your outdoor photography by sharing pro-strategies that refine your creative vision.
Southern Celebrations Magazine is an independently-published, biannual wedding and special occasion magazine sure to inspire all.
Upcoming literary magazine Elbow Pads needs funding for advertising. Please help us as well as our writers reach our dream!
99 Percent Lifestyle is a unisex creative lifestyle magazine that shares inspiring stories, creative people and lifestyle content.
Brave soldiers is an ambitious project idealized by a group of young boys and girls belonging to an Italian Christian community.
An is an urban/literary/entertainment magazine for everyday people; highlighting local celebrities for their hard work & achievements.
Noiseporn is going to CMJ and ADE and we'd love your assistance to help make this a great magazine that will promote artists worldwide.
Politik Magazine is a biannual cultural publication including art, photography, history, fashion, politics, film, music, and more.
This is the latest anime magazine for all anime fans around the world. We want to share our anime emotions of the summer season 2016.
A multimedia, interactive eMagazine and website telling good stories from every corner of our city, even its shadows.
DSFM..."What the South has been waiting on"...Down South's Finest Magazine
dreamSpeak Literary Magazine (dSLM) was created entirely for young writers, photographers, graphic artists, and poets.
The first physical newspaper devoted only to New York startups and small business owners. Local, friendly, and informational.
A comprehensive analysis of the Las Vegas tavern market. Crowd funded market research.
a graphic literary journal, whose mission is to cook up new literature, new literary forms and to encourage new ways to write.
Turn everything into gold, or at least into cold hard cash.  To be printed in English and Spanish.
A lifestyle magazine for the intelligent and fashion-oriented crafter -- designed to inspire and illuminate on a variety of topics.
Last November San Luis Obispo was named one of the happiest places on the planet. We're dedicated  to questioning this assertion.
Two decades of perspective on electric cars, renewable fuels, and advanced technology vehicles. Plus, what's coming next.
A magazine for single fathers raising their children. It would have celebrity articles as well as tips and meal recipes. Motivational
Resilient Times is a monthly newspaper on building Resilient Communities and the tools, experiences for doing so.
Invest in the future viability of Diversity Rules Magazine for its website update and monthly publishing costs.
Northwest Men's Magazine© is a regional men's lifestyle publication focused on the outdoors, and the betterment of the male gender.
A magazine that asks relatable entrepreneurs how they started, how they made their ideas happen, & how their life changed as a result.
Facebook leads social networking, we want to be leaders in informing students that are beneficial and relevant in the everday world.
A magazine from horror fans, sharing our love of the genre through reviews, interviews, articles, and other fun features.
[Censor] Magazine is a Print on Demand magazine dedicated to delivering thought provoking views and diverse subjects.
Mingle: To Mix, to vibe, to stand out with one's own distinct presence.  To influence, define, and exude hot originality!
Online magazine promoting inquiry into and open-minded discussion about the interactions between the arts, sciences and consciousness
Terra Nova Magazine needs a modern, interactive website to host its online content.
Burn After Reading Magazine Burning Man 2012 print publication!
The free smartphone's videogame magazine in pdf or printed for all players.
A democratic Arts magazine where YOU have the power to decide what is published.
`Round Hawaii is a beautiful pictorial of the Hawaiian islands, and includes the work of world class photographers and writers.
Armenian Genocide Anniversary 1915-2015 Book Documents Historical evidence that occurred during this  20th Century Holocaust
ReputationTalk will target business companies for their reputation for the enlightenment of others. Reputation can't be bought!
Pen It! Magazine is a quality bi-monthly literary journal for writers/readers.  Marketing Pen It! in a BIG way will get the news out.
Central Magazine es una revista que exalta la creatividad diluyendo las líneas que separan música, skateboarding, arte y sociedad.
A bi-annual fashion, art, and celebrity magazine focused on social equality-- finally pop-culture has a purpose.
Fashion Art Interactivity Movement's premiere book documenting urban, underground culture from New York City to the Bay Area, CA.
A thesis paper on Food Security & Community Development using Permaculture to increase micro climates, health, and rejuvenate the soil
Contribute to Minutiæ's third issue WORTH, coming at the end of April. 
TYD is a tablet-based fashion & lifestyle magazine about celebrating the achievements of rising and established pioneers under-30...
Jacobin is a quarterly magazine of culture and polemic based out of Washington DC that Edmund Burke berates on his Twitter page. 
Help up fund our upcoming issue! We are fully reader funded and take no advertising! Support LIBERAL media!
A project to create a print magazine that exposes the real plans of those in power.
Contribute to Minutiæ's fourth issue "Safety," coming at the end of September.
Engage Magazine is written by and for the people who live and work in Gateshead. We're here to celebrate our amazing Borough!
Promoting the significance of the pictorial arts, and in the process, documenting the flight of imagination across time & space .
Educe is a journal of queer literature.  Our goal is to publish and showcase quality literary fiction, nonfiction, poetry and art.
EIDOS Magazine advocated free speech and privacy rights for consenting adults in the Jeffersonian tradition of church-state separation.
The digital magazine explores connections between visual, written and performance art through columns, interviews and featured artists.
Your destination for ways to shop better in life!
THE DÉRIVATEUR is a magazine for musings off the beaten path.
Help fund preliminary production costs for So Fly Magazine. The world's first all video, digitally delivered, fly fishing magazine.
SynergyZine is an Art and Literary magazine published in S.F. since 2007, featuring a diverse assortment of artists, and is AD-FREE!
Brick Road is San Diego State's new cultural and entertainment magazine created for students by students
www.brickroadmagazine.com
Hungry? Looking where to go or what to make?

A local dining guide including recipes from local restaurants featured in the guide.
Breaking barriers, building bridges—and ushering harmony in diversity towards community connectedness and global peace.
Uomo Moderno, Living in Italian Style, is the 1st men's fashion and lifestyle magazine featuring exclusively the best of Made in Italy.
Monthly magazine that features articles on holistic living from childhood to golden age
A new quarterly magazine for today's modern plus size woman.
Help us print our 1st issue, lets make it something big. Ayudanos a imprimir nuestra 1ra edicion, va a ser algo grande.
Unfiltered Rawness. The world´s first car drawing magazine.
Christian magazine for Today's modern mom.
Bi-Monthly publication that introduces Flying and the Adventures of flying. A lifestyle travel magazine. Why walk when you can fly.
FLIPIC MAGAZINE - A submission based magazine that caters to hard working Models, Photographers, Hair & Makeup,  & Clothing Designers +
A catalyst for innovation and change. A contemporary voice on culture, art and fashion across the Mediterranean.
The magazine "herenow: a sense of place through word and image" launches in January, 2011. Your backing will make our first "herenow" here, then.
A new monthly satirical/ humour magazine - publishing the findings of the (fictional) Pangloomian Institute of Advanced Study.
Christian Reporters is a unique monthly publication, featuring exclusive interviews, photos, and amazing articles serving communities.
By pairing creative writing and arts with informative journalism, The Bubble speaks to the well-rounded Southern Californian.
the first step in tackling our social issues is by tearing academic inquiry out of it's ivory tower and into the public's mind.
A bimonthly magazine about space exploration, history, the people making it happen, NASA, and the future of the human race.
HighFlight is coming back... All Digital!! We're Re-Launching a 34 year old publication, with the same great Editor and Writers!
Issue one of a quarterly fashion magazine that celebrates female directors, independent designers, and a wide spectrum of beauty
Slot Cars Magazine is the newest magazine printed for the slot car hobby in the U.S.
Eccentric Magazine - Entertainment At Its Best This is not the typical media you will read about everyday. Music, Fashion, News, ect...
KNOCKSMITH is a unique interactive shopping tool for music fans and a priceless source of information for musicians themselves.
A magazine you can trust and depend on to deliver the coolest in fashion, travel, gastronomy, architecture, art and music
Help us convince the world that Everyone can and should do Science!
Provocative magazine featuring professional women artists who are building thriving art practices and changing the scene for future.
Who Knew! honors those who've overcome adversity and are giving back to their community. WK offers advertising for small businesses.
Join us in remembering the Holocaust so it will never happen again! This Special edition of my History Digest is provided at no charge.
A new, free music and entertainment magazine covering the East Coast of East Anglia.
We do not have to quit imported magazines but we can sure have ours based from Montreal. A magazine dedicated to ethnic women of color!
The Mechanics Journal will showcase texts by artists, critical theorists, and those who don't normally write art texts, like Bill Nye.
Biannual Global publication about Rare Hypoallergenic American Curly Horses & Other Rare Equine Breeds. Carried in Stores & Online
Doctor Fantastique's Show of Wonders magazine is looking to switch from printing as a POD magazine to a traditional offset run.
We show our beautiful world, well-being, spirituality & joy in our e-magazines ! Support us translate and publish them internationally!
A caravan of Libro Traficantes will haul contraband books into Tucson, AZ Spring Break. This will lead to an anthology of banned lit.
My very funny, high quality quarterly publication has become too expensive to keep giving away. So.... yeah....
Avenue A is a digital home and lifestyle magazine for people who want to lead creative lives in well-designed spaces
A magazine dedicated to recognizing entertainers and performers around the world who are also model citizens.
xxx
Hollywood Hills Magazine is your exclusive invitation into the homes and lives of stars, singers, filmmakers, and fashion designers.
Occupy The Planet Press will be a weekly newspaper and monthly anthology covering the Occupy Movement from the inside.
Faery Doorways is a quarterly magazine available in print and digital that celebrates all aspects of the Faery Realm.
Finally, a magazine truly about YOU: the Hip Hop Generation. Hip Hop is “U” (You), Hip Hop is Me, Hip Hop is U and Me: www.HipHopU.me
A monthly full-color magazine featuring in-depth interviews, news and features about 'ukulele players and the 'ukulele lifestyle.
A free online magazine for anyone experiencing fertility problems - all the expert information you need in one place.
My quirky mag,distributed in Doncaster has hit the right note.Light hearted & interesting articles, puzzles & offers are what folk want
The online monthly magazine that focuses on improving individuals, families, and communities is finally going to print!
A beautiful magazine on the booming world of food and drink in London, from producers and providers, with emphasis on local and green.
The success of this project will fund the 1st four printings of dSLM.  dreamSpeakers, it's time to show up, show out (S.U.S.O.)!!!
Remember when Allen West said there were 78 communists in Congress? These are caricatures of those elected officials to color. Enjoy!
The Young Director is an interactive magazine. We give pioneers 30 or under a platform to share their story to inspire and motivate.
Edited for black teenage girls, Sesi magazine is dedicated to providing a community that focuses on celebrating their mainstream.
Cutting edge online art magazine devoted to the New York City artistic scenario.
Team includes: Award winning interactive digital media designers,  Iconic novelist , and Paris based Fashion magazine designer
The Spotting Scope is a weekly publication focused on wildlife watching in the Yellowstone Region.
A magazine featuring Humboldt's finest art, music, and writing. A free monthly publication from the finest art scene in California.
The Local Dirt is a publication informing people about the food we eat, where it comes from and how it affects our community.
Aloud. Magazine is a teen magazine created by a young cancer survivor for teen cancer patients and cancer survivors.
B & G is a web and print-published arts & faith journal showcasing a mix of essays, life & cultural reflections, & profiles of artists.
Savor the delights that come of pairing wine & food! Choose the cookbook, website or mobile app to guide your tastings…
This quarterly digital magazine will spotlight the successes and challenges of female entrepreneurs building their own businesses.
Presenting genre, community-powered fiction magazines direct to your phone, tablet, or other device (also available in print).
Uncountable hours have gone into the creation of this unique series of publications sure to become a part of the Northwest legacy.
A magazine for those who have modern (Year 2000+) Jaguars.  With the current direction Jaguar is headed, a void needs to be filled.
RAD DAD magazine goes beyond poop and puberty to reflect on the diverse, eclectic experience of parenting from a radical perspective.
Imagine It! A Digital Magazine for the Black Christian Woman focusing on her Faith, Family, Friendships, Finances and Fashion.
Publish the Premiere Issue of Bitter Old Bastard Magazine: "For Those of Us Who Have EARNED our Discontent"
Post Peak Fiction Magazine is a quarterly short fiction magazine focusing on the stories of people and places after the energy descent.
A Quarterly, Full Color Magazine About Fun, Local Lifestyle, People, Hot Spots & Responsible Livingin the Adirondack Mountains
A life altering mission for a family trying to relocate to their own slice of heaven, a father trying to provide for his wife and kids
Culinary magazine focused on the exploding local food culture in the region covering Richmond, Virginia, and surrounding counties.
Citygram is a digital magazine with exclusive stories and interactive content from the city's best writers, artists, & designers.
MedianMag is a niche magazine focusing on the automotive performance scene in the Northeast.
A magazine geared to embracing your flaws, promoting natural beauty & loving yourself no matter what anyone else says. SPREAD THE WORD!
We are creating a magazine dedicated to esports. Analyses, interviews and behind-the-scenes stories will be central to our identity.
Dragibus is a quarterly publication that focuses on the botany, cultivation, identification, and history of entheogenic plants.
Making a limited print run of Senpai Magazine to make it more affordable to fans.
Our aim is to inspire people of all ages to pursue their dreams in Music, Film/TV and Theatre without selling out!
H-IV South (Higway 4 South)-A literary journal in the making which hopes to open the minds and eyes of the world to the reality of HIV.
A Quarterly Lifestyle Magazine for geeks.
Keep alive the classic movies from the past. Restore the films then show them, Then share through a quarterly E-Magazine & Movie Club.
“The Excellent People has a sensibility all its own... Like champagne bubble tea.”
Pursuit Magazine, A Magazine of Life, Liberty & Happiness is giving a voice to those in Philadelphia who would otherwise not have one.
Bi-annual food journal built to inspire & empower you to cook.
At its core, its about the company you keep.
A fashion magazine focusing on the collaborations between fine artists and commercial artists.
The cultured young professional's life guides our content growing your brand, relationships, and experiences. Art. Culture. Community.
Vocabula battles nonstandard, careless English and embraces clear, expressive English. We encourage our readers to do as much.
A magazine for Kindle, iPad, iPhone, Kobo which will explore the creative side of life - music, art, writers, photographers
A magazine by travelers for the off the beaten path type of traveler to share experiences, insight wonder and inspire wanderlust
Awesomeness in a can. And by can, we mean your Apple or Android tablet! The best writing, art, gaming, journalism, videos and more!
A Quarterly magazine of poetry and short stories. I hope to have some of the whimsy and wistfullness of the Bristish mags of the 1800's
Help relaunch The Watertown Gazette - Watertown's premiere source for "good news for a change!"
The Arts Magazine on Experimental Videogames, Now in Print!
FACULTY is a online magazine for Australian educators, creating a community of practice in the education community
Interviews and articles about character, success & inspiration from names you may not know, but should know.
A raw, un-scensored, torn on the edges compilation of the best stories and knowledge from the Wizards of Vape from all around the U.S.
This magazine is geared toward helping ex-offenders transition into society successfully and avoid re-entry via support and resources.
Aims to spur a reinterpretation of LGBTQIA art as an all-inclusive “queer” body of work by artists of all sexual orientations.
The Fried Journal is about exploring the futures in a fun environment. We accept submissions from anyone interested in Futures Studies.
A magazine that treats rockabilly (psychobilly, rock 'n' roll, etc.) music as an ongoing contemporary style and not a lesson in history
there are about a dozen magazines for the Charleston area but NONE are free for the public and none have what the readership wants.
Introducing a truly interactive Digital ezine for the Pastry Professional.
Help the Tri-States only all-ages music listing print our next issue!
B.R.E.A.D. Be Real Everyday And Deliver Magazine, www.Bread-Magazine.com
Help TheZenchilada.com—a smartly written, lavishly designed digital magazine exploring food, culture and place—print issue 4.
A new online HTML5 magazine exploring 'big ideas' and changes in the world around us.  WX Magazine promotes fresh perspectives.
A real, underground newsprint tabloid! Each issue is packed with DIY essays, SciFi, art and comics that challenge the digital paradigm.
Meditations and gulps of fresh air. This publication is seeking to be self sufficient and needs basic materials to make that so.
DogEars is a unique iPad magazine that lets you get to know 10 fascinating people each issue and discover great things to read.
"Causes" will be an interactive digital publication covering topics about socially-conscious individuals, companies & organizations.
This magazine profiles women in business who motivate aspiring women entrepreneurs & those interested in growing their businesses.
Sanitarium Magazine brings you an eclectic mix of horror genres from great writers each and every month.
Success is a decision it doesn't just happen. Reach out for help and return the favor for this is the true cycle of life.
We are a new innovative magazine "For the People, by The People", presenting arts, business and culture on Manitoulin Island.
Fop is the new indie perspective, a publication for men who love men and their admirers. Fop is a journal of how we live and love.
A world-class, action-sparking, debate-instigating, thought provoking, yet still entertaining magazine #WeThePeople
Designed as a photo journal to explore the style, glamour and excitement of entertainment, business, people and places.
A Motorcycling Magazine For Women, By Women.
A magazine for Southern Kentucky about Southern Kentucky
The Southern Kentucky experience.
Vivre Magazine is a publication for artists, designers and bon vivants to help ignite and empower one another in the creative industry.
A culture, art and lifestyle guide to Mexico City, dedicated to our friends all over the world.
Going Mobo is a digital and print magazine for lifestyles empowered by mobile technology. Help us publish the Hybrid Issue.
DMVBBM - Here to Inspire, Uplift, and Educate African American communities and showcase black businesses in DC, MD, and VA.
BAHYT is a quarterly magazine focused on emerging artwork and innovation developing between NYC and the East End of Long Island.
Sorted has been voted the world's most wholesome men's magazine. Launched in 2007, the team are wishing to take it to the next level.
The GGene S.I.S. ™ Journal - Informing & Inspiring You As You Strive To Revive Life, Family, Community, Organization, Business
Wild Quarterly is about sharing our stories and connecting to other artists - art doesn't have to be long lonely work-wildquarterly.com
Sharing stories and ideas for a simpler, charming way of life... Southern style. Showcasing small businesses, crafters & artisans.
We are publishing a magazine that focuses on the folklore of the occult and paranormal. It is tabloid format but with academic articles
A sustainable publication aiming to expand opportunities for artists, and promote a critical dialogue of contemporary art and culture.
The newest online and print publication of international affairs publishing graduate student papers from around the country.
Elements is the 3rd issue of 5x5, a fine art photography magazine. Great photographs are meant to be printed, not viewed on a monitor!
OutBoise Magazine will serve as an entertainment, educational, and informational resource for the LGBT community in Boise and the surro
Old South/New South, either way it's the cradle of great art, literature, food and music. Join us in celebrating this by subscribing!
We have a dollar and a dream!
Diversity and Inclusion have been a passion for me most of my life.  My natural progression is start a digital D&I magazine.
microshiner. the definitive guide to the world of craft spirits. life. distilled
Everyone loves fulfilled-love. Heart & Spirit offers heart-warming, God-centered love stories because: "We were created to love."
Natural Living will be a vegetarian magazine that will also stress creating a sustainable world.
The digital magazine featuring the first-generation immigrant experience and cross-cultural stories in San Francisco.
A local Hartlepool magazine delivered free to 20,000 homes. Full of quality local content and paid for by advertising.
A print and digital magazine about culture & artistic movement talking about african and other multicultural features.
A love-letter to the British pub: celebrating tales from the bar, mystery of the cellars below, and ghosts that lurk around upstairs.
Oceanliners.org Magazine will celebrate the liner from its birth through its golden age to today with articles, photos and more.
6 Magazine has been created to help the smaller businesses and creatives have an affordable platform to showcase their talents.
AMAZING is a quarterly magazine all about Fashion, Art & Culture. Help us print our premiere issue & launch our AMAZING website.
Her Money Magazine helps women of all ages all over the world to take action to achieve financial well-being; living dreams come true.
Our magazine is about literary, cultural, and political issues that impact free speech worldwide. Help us fund more writers!
A digital lens on illustration, its roots and derivative forms. We decode and honor the 'secret sauce' inspiring creative expression.
MegaMindIdeas produces a monthly E-zine that features articles about innovations, inventors and companies looking to develop them
Furies is a punk revolution in magazine form. We've been online since June 2012 and now we want to go to print!
Our aim is to rewrite mainstream pop culture emphasizing positivity, creativity and real substance. Help fund our 1st yr B&N print run.
I am in the process of creating a print and digital publication on Sport and Exercise Psychology for athletes.
The 13th anniversary issue of Vestal Review, the longest-running magazine dedicated exclusively to flash fiction.
Un magazine sur l'escalade en français, distribué en Amérique du Nord ! Objectif Avril 2014 !
B*tch. Is a smart, edgy, real, and sophisticated, powerful woman's magazine.  It will be current, cultured, gritty, and free of fluff.
One of a kind  fresh new and innovative publication which gives back reading and writing, through Independent Music, Models and Media
This project is based upon building a periodical for musicians, entreprenuers, and anyone interested in the entertainment area.
Stake is concerned with the emergence of the distinctive, fringe business models that have emerged in the face of the recession.
Bringing the world of ARPGs to life in a neat little digital magazine.
Remember how cool Reggie Rocket was because she had her own 'zine? That's always been a dream of mine. Help make it a reality.
A magazine to bring awareness to the positive events and people in Polk County. Brag A Zine will Empower, Inform, and Uplift.
OutLoud Magazine pushes women to do one thing: Live Life Louder.
A one of a kind sexy, fun look at indigenous entertainers from throughout the America's!
Collaborators Athol Historical Society, Athol Press, Haley's & North Quabbin Chamber of Commerce create a magazine & museum consortium.
luxury lifestyle magazine for guys in NYC covering fashion, travel, property, finance, dating, cars, jets, events, gadgets and fitness
Portraying the roots and new movements in the culinary startup culture of Lisbon, like never done before.
A magazines about the essence of Business, Technology, and Gaming.
We're funding a 1-Year, Six Issue run of Loquacious Placemat, a literary broadsheet meant to put fiction in new and exciting places.
DraftBuzz Hockey is trailblazing the Women's Hockey scouting industry with this inaugural Year End Report. Help guarantee it's launch!
Glib Magazine is a new culture magazine available January 1, 2015. Featuring interviews with writers, artists, musicians, & more!
Our magazine promises you a great trip through the twists and turns that make this such a unique and interesting city.
An all or nothing Art & Music Quarterly focused on urban art's rise to the limelight... Advertise with us, support us, grow with us.
A Print Magazine distributed FREE to our service members, veterans, and military families. Supporting Army Navy Air Force Marines Guard
Traveling Light is a periodically bound collection of well taken photographs exploring outdoor adventure. A wordless journal of light.
Weathered Beard is like a raging bonfire. We bring people together with live storytelling, amazing photos and a radio podcast.
From the Pacific to mountains, from forests to canyons & desert, the Northwest is so diverse there's always something new to discover.
The Feminist Observer is a feminist/humanist/equality-centered digital magazine that launched in December 2012.
Diversity Rules Magazine is New York's premier queer monthly publication serving the queer community with pride.
Let not your science be stashed in those 'papers'. Get your work 'visible' out there with our help. Chip in your 2¢ to support us.
Chevalieri is a talent magazine committed to help develop models/actors/musicians. Out February 2013.
Las Vegas' ONLY Skateboarding & Lifestyle Magazine published by the young minds that exist in this city.
Long Beach. We're NOT L.A. or the O.C., right? Our ezine covers the people, places & events here in the Long Beach Jewish community
A Print & Digital magazine about the people that aspire to be great and inspire the rest of us to do better.
A quarterly journal covering the competitive anglers in the sport of tournament bass fishing & their related local community events.
Badge & Bail Magazine will be an original periodical for the bail bonding and bail enforcement industries. Currently there is zero.
Capturing the Door County lifestyle with engaging multimedia. People like you discovering, loving, creating and living the Cherry Life™
Uomo Moderno is the 1st and only all Italian men's interest & lifestyle magazine dedicated to Italy's fashion, style, and design.
nature, growing, animals, loving yourself and others, positivity, wellbeing, the planet, home ed, education, recipes, advert free mag
The purpose of this publication is to disseminate the writings of Freemasons and to provide contemporary information on Freemasonry.
I would like to create two issues of The Quake magazine. One issue about Quaker youth and committees & one about Quaker history.
Big Wheel Magazine is a name you have come to know and trust over the last 14 years. Now we need your help to keep going.
Hagla is a magazine that publish poems. The best poems in Denmark.
To inspire women aspiring to be all they were created to be - making lives that sparkle with the light of Christ in all areas.
PREMIER magazine axé exclusivement sur les marques de produits de beauté fait au Québec. // FIRST magazine that showcase Quebec brands.
Reconnaissance Magazine is a new arts & literary magazine concerning
the commonplace, the hackneyed, and the banal.
The Hammond Herald is my online satirical news website. It's my dream to turn this into a real newspaper.
Steward is a monthly briefing that covers the most dynamic stories in current affairs, technology, culture, travel, design, and fashion
UniGalactic Space Travel Magazine is dedicated to covering private space travel and exploration industry.
There’s a lot to do in Houston but the TRAFFIC is horrible! You will pay $20, $30 and MORE for parking! Learn Houston rail! Priceless!
This Is my KICKSTARTER Campaign for Mentor Magazine.
#GreatCauses
The Blacktooth is going to be a periodical about the philosophies, music, culture, and art that surround heavy metal.
Obstacle Racer Magazine is working hard to help the sport of obstacle racing grow as well as promote a healthy lifestyle.
With so many venues for film & TV I can help make it easy to choose with a weekly review of all available from multi-sources
Bring FMO to print. Looking print FMO. Which is a magazine featuring great, well written articles, and great pictorial of models.
Help Create a new Astronomy Magazine!
Should 1913 stay print or go web? Since our inception in 2003, we have been dedicated to the journal as art object. Help fund Issue 6!
The First and Only Tourist Map of Bourbon Street!
Help us fund our print publication featuring emerging talents and entrepreneurs - people just like me and you.
Home Cyber Defense Weekly is a newsletter designed to protect consumers from Cyber Crime.
Shakefist Magazine works hard to promote artists in the underground scene. Help our mission by helping us print our 7th issue.
Evolving personalized monthly magazine. Discover educational & fun games to improve your life!
Pitt Live Action is a site to bring live action of different sporting events, clubs, and organizations at the University of Pittsburgh
Fun-loving style magazine seeks elegant patrons for releasing a second issue packed with glamour and wit. Loves Company.
International journal of crime fiction that offers high quality prose fiction, nonfiction, graphic novels, and visual arts.
The New Community Activism Media Outlet
Hear Us Roar is a literary News'Paper' that will consist of all first-person narrative (fictional and non-fictional) along with images.  Rooaarrrr.
VIVE CREOLE voice and soul of our people, celebrating our culture, promoting cultural conversation to inspire actions and achievements.
Our mission is to impact women to change the way they think about beauty. Our goal is to widen the perception on what is beautiful?
Exploring the reasons that people modify their bodies through in-depth interviews and personal photographs to provide education.
Mania Africa is a  magazine published by Africans that illuminates the lifestyle of an evolving African society.
A magazine about all aspects of being a DAD, focusing on the most important topics while being entertaining and informative.
This is the first installment of a quarterly arts periodical based out of Partisan Gallery in San Francisco.
Help spread new research on the communication abilities of dolphins, humpback whales, and birds!
Opus is an eloquent and informed LGBT magazine focused on noble issues, captivating stories, culture and style.
BlackOUT is a magazine for Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, Transgender and Queer identifying individuals and their Allies of African descent.
S.U.M is a new e-magazine that focuses its attention on promoting authors doing want they love to do and that is writing.
A new quarterly that invites friends from the creative community to share perspectives, stories & work around a new theme every issue.
An e-zine focused on spotlighting what's current in indie culture and the arts community.
Eastern Shore Savvy is an online news magazine that tells important stories ~ your stories. Local media needs local support.
An iPad optimized digital magazine that actually respects your intelligence, while giving you plenty of positive reasons to laugh.
Soccerview mission is to cover the gap between the small-scale media outlets and media agencies. Helping small papers and bloggers.
The Penny Dreadful is a small press publication that showcases oddball cartoons, fiction and essays eschewed by respectable publishers.
The Magazine that will "Hype Up The Aloha State" ISSUE - #1 

Currently we are a daily eMagazine. WE WANT TO GO PAPERBACK!
A book chronicling the development of the Ford dealership through hundreds of never-before-published photographs.
Wild Words is a literary magazine set free from ads and fees.
AUTOCULT is the coffee-table quarterly magazine dedicated to the automotive cultural underground.
AUTOCULT is the coffee-table quarterly magazine dedicated to the automotive cultural underground.
Produce & Promote Comedy Magazine: Pokable People (102), Yum! (103), and Walk It Off (104).
WuzUpKidz is a regional magazine for kidz ages 9-16. Our goal is to offer a variety of articles that will educate and entertain NYKidz.
RAZR MAGAZINE; the premier entertainment magazine for men, featuring edgy sex appeal of topless models and high-performance sport cars.
Dallas Writers Journal offers exposure,support and voice for all writers in and around the Dallas area via distributed & online media.
Prepping for Survival, A Girls Point of View!
THEMA Literary Society proposes to publish One Thing Done Superbly, the autumn 2011 issue of THEMA Literary Journal.
We want this issue in circulation this first quarter of 2014. It features the pivot point story of Phil Robertson—Duck Commander!
Inspiring educators everywhere to use STEAM to power classrooms filled with future innovators. Articles and ideas to change the world.
I would like to put out a quarterly magazine that is fashion focused but also features editorials, showcasing local business & talent.
If you think you know your history, get ready to be humbled. These rare photographs show a different perspective of historical events.
Matkärlek är tidningen för alla som älskar ren och naturlig hälsomat utan socker, gluten och tillsatser. Från LCHF till paleo.
A digital cycling magazine with global interest dedicated to pro and grass roots cycling. Also beer reviews!
S T I L L is a print (and soon digital) magazine of new photography & writing, based in Berlin and New York.
Help keep The Lorelei Signal and Sorcerous Signals free to read!
A "Maxim"-like Magazine that puts the power of the content in the hands of the community where it belongs.
APES WILL RULE!  Planet of the Apes is classic Science Fiction - Help us bring it to the world covering the classic and the new!
U.S-based quarterly with insightful, inspiring and engaging content to nurture your nuptial and provide a platform to share your story
Launching in December, Bay Area Dog (BADog) magazine will be an upscale lifestyle resource for Bay Area dogs and those of us who love 'em. 
Hi leute!
Ich bin eine Transexuelle Person die ihren weg gerne öffentlich machen will damit sich andere TS auch ermutigt fühlen!
The world's FIRST and ONLY monthly magazine publication for tarantula enthusiasts.
We are expanding onto the national zine scene! We need some money for printing, and expenses!
This Kickstarter is to help The Bombzine offset the cost of printing our local entertainment magazine and support local entertainment.
A tattoo culture and lifestyle magazine focusing on the amazing works and stories behind undiscovered tattoo artists across the world.
Broad! is a new literary magazine produced exclusively by female-bodied or female-identified writers.  Prints fiction, poetry, essays.
Guerrilla Filmmaking Magazine is focused on no to low budget filmmaking, written by independent filmmakers, and published digitally.
BlackGirlInc is an online and print magazine that caters to the issues and interests of young black girls in a positive environment.
Craft Patterns, and research come together in one 16 page (cover-to-cover) brand new magazine!  30 backers get a copy!
Mirror Mirror Magazine serves as an outlet for worldwide aspiring talent in arts & entertainment to receive exposure and recognition.
Monthly outdoor publication- 2 part expansion. Online magazine w/ forums and go to glossy magazine from newspaper format.
Equi inis volestium reste aut escipsunti ut ulparch ictureptate simus nusdaec
We are the magazine that started the flash fiction revolution. Before us, flash was just a good idea. Now, it's almost mainstream.
To launch our 1st printed (quarterly) lifestyle & entertainment magazine that'll bring Hispanics to the forefront of mainstream media.
We believe EVERY woman was designed to flourish and we are an instrument used to make that happen!
CT Magazine – showcasing the creative talent of the 
fashion world.
Help us fund our print publication featuring emerging talents and entrepreneurs - people just like me and you.
Country Diva is a fast growing magazine that's looking to go beyond its back yard with subscriptions and stores.  It's ready for more!
We are a group of young people who all live in East Durham. Where we live gets bad press, we want to change people's opinions
An analytical magazine hunting down solutions to the world’s most remarkable political economy challenges.
An  amusing source of fly-fishing written works that can be read between hatches, break at work or during that morning constitutional.
Support scientists by funding their publication costs. Especially scientist in low- and middle income countries need your help.
JNegRes provides a way for researchers to share negative findings, and brings balance to science by publishing ALL discoveries.
Join us on this amazing journey to impacting 1 million children by 2020!
We want to digitize the 1989 and 1990 Peabody Highlanders (pittsburgh) yearbook, and you can help!
DraftBuzz Hockey is trailblazing the Women's Hockey scouting industry with this inaugural Year End Report. Help guarantee it's launch!
EnMasse magazine is a bi-annual fashion and art publication showcasing a creative venue of established and emerging talent. 
JAWS (Journalists.Artists.Writers.Students.) the magazine, platform for out-of-the-box-thinking students from the Graz Universities.
We're planning to bring the print version of the most awesomely sexy magazine you will ever read.
We are publishing an anthology of the best work we’ve featured this year. With your help, we can ensure a top quality magazine.
Clinician Reports is the "Consumer Reports for clinicians" and is designed to help clinicians find peer-approved tools and therapies.
A family oriented publication that showcases kids in the community, and provides family stories from within the local community.
STUDIO Mag is a monthly e-magazine dedicated to marketing the local artist.
The goal of the Teen Smudge Magazine project is to capture & inspire creativity & positivity in all teenagers not only locally, but around the world. 
The main aim of EXTREMITY magazine is to fuse two primary objects of desire—the human body and the aesthetic forms of fashion.
Gay Weddings and Marriage Magazine provides LGBT couples with tips and tools to make your wedding and marriage a success.
A quarterly print and online magazine highlighting the vibrant artistic and cultural scene in Baltimore.
Bringing Frederick's first urban digital magazine, OUT40 highlights the arts, the streets, and the people of Frederick.
Join us as we endeavor to bring The Art Of Dog to more dog lovers throughout Florida and beyond.
A magazine that promotes life led by sustainable values that highlight high quality design rather than fleeting tendencies. 
Issue N.1
Magazine dedicated to modest style, uplifting bloggers, beauty, dating, the gospel, & media, encouraging young women to come to Christ
SOFFA is a free online design magazine. It is all about finding inspiration and beauty in everyday life.
Help us print issue 1 of SPECIMEN MAGAZINE, a bi-annual publication of interviews with career scholars.
A new media project aimed at an underserved African-American audience growing in influence and affluence.
We need your help to print Issue #2 of The Social Media Monthly magazine.
DeWinter Magazine - is the place where fashion meets art, music, and literature.
B Unique Magazine, a business magazine designed to inspire & educate individuals who want to become business owners.
Allusion Paper gives its readers knowledge and understanding to the vast fashion industry and the fast growing textile industry.
A News, Information & Discussion Podcast For The State Defense Force Soldiers who serve our Country.
Magazine connecting consumers to local small farmers.
Help spread new research on the communication abilities of dolphins, humpback whales, and birds!
Help us bring to print the Exotic Bird Magazine. It  will provide information to help pet bird owners to better care for pet birds
"All the news we'd hope to print" in defiance of a university ban on an independent free press on campus. (Parody newspaper)
(Short) Fiction Collective, an online lit mag, is venturing into the print world with it's inaugural issue.
New Zealand Crafter is a magazine dedicated to crafts in New Zealand for NZ readers, making it the only one of its kind.
The Business Magazine for Women, a premium publication showcasing women's voices in business, tech, STEM, culture, sports & politics.
LF forwards perspectives that matter and gives cultural lifestyle a voice in this world.
KNUXX has compiled some spectacular fight action shots from the local fight community and put them into a 2012 calendar.
A free magazine featuring everything car-related from CNY including builds, interviews, tips, show coverage, cruise-in calendar & more!
Pre order Midwest shred's first issue and help bring it to print.
1st extensive media blitz to publish & promote 5th annual Houston100 Special:  http://www.magcloud.com/browse/magazine/103778
Learn To Program Magazine is the digital magazine for aspiring web, mobile and game developers who want to learn by doing.
The Brohoof Podcast is a weekly podcast that discusses the show My Little Pony: Friendship is Magic and its fandom.
Overcomer is a digital magazine featuring real stories of victorious Christian living with power to overcome life challenges.
Mississippi has wealth of professional artists and arts organizations. Now let's give them another platform to stand on!
"A Rebel with a View" - Premier Media Outlet Dedicated to Showcasing Talented, Independent Artists, Performers, and Writers.
Welcome to We Are! 2013, the definitive Penn State preview and feature magazine, now 100% independently published.
Nosh Twin Cities is a magazine supporting the local foods community; focused on flavor, nutrition, environment, policy, social justice.
A quarterly magazine to enable emerging artists to showcase their work and gain recognition!
Crowd Funding is here and about to grow at an exceptional rate.  We would like to launch this magazine focused on Crowd Funding.
Printing 5000 copies of our free, online version of the first issue of MCQuarterly, a magazine about Minecraft.
New high quality Model Magazine. Bringing you models that are works of art not just a hobby! Learn from the best modelers in the world!
A bi-weekly digital magazine that showcases original comics, short stories, podcasts, audiobooks, radio plays, games, films, etc.
Instafiction.org finds fiction on the Web. We want to give some of that fiction a print home in the form of a limited-edition newspaper
Be a part of history as we become the living documentary of the world-famous "City of Roses", Pasadena, California!
The Sublimation Reader: Volume One aims to provide poignant literature for an audience in need of something provocative and unique.
P.H.E.'s magazine, ReDEAFine, is out to capture the essence of deaf culture.
VOLUP2 is a revolutionary magazine which challenges the fashion industry's outdated and boringly narrow view of beauty.
browse a platform’s entire API easily and efficiently; with a few taps, you’ll get to the symbol you need, and you’ll read very little
Support the next four issues of weasel and gun: variety magazine. First up: the yellow issue.
Make Awesome is a web design magazine that celebrates the work of the unknown, the young and those who inspire us to take risks.
A new print magazine that goes behind the scenes of companies and individuals that create websites and apps.
THE GUGAZINE is a northeast-centric emerging artist quarterly;
a gallery visit within the confines of an artfully crafted magazine
BrainScrambler is a community gallery for select artists & designers to showcase their work in a friendly but objective environment.
A weekly retro-style art newspaper spotlighting local artists, businesses, and events in the Chicago Logan Square Community.
A beautifully designed celebration of all things Steampunk
Introducing the first online journal focused entirely on what we eat, why we eat it, and how we can do it better.
iSki Mag is ready to bring our readers a better experience. Your support will improve the stories and design of the mag. Make a Pledge
HOA Today connects residents with their Homeowners Association without the unneeded cost of printing and mailing.
I am publishing a Magazine in Spanish with great articles about personal and professional motivation to motivate Hispanic people/
Encourage the lives of a hopeless society with real stories of faith, triumph and courage. A monthly magazine for the community.
La única revista actual del ciclocross español. Un viaje por las pruebas de la Copa de España y el Campeonato de España (2015/2016)
A strictly Retro (collectible) bi-weekly free newspaper w/ retro ads and news with a vintage twist Thank u very much!
We are the magazine for modern woman with vintage ways! Help us make it to an indie shop, chain, or newsstand near you!
Mon projet consiste a regrouper en plusieurs exemplaires de magazines des conseils sur les locks, cheveux crépus et bouclés.
Collective Minds is a magazine that shows art from artists all over the country, and art in all genres. We are also on social media
It's a website that is dedicated to helping hunters choose the best gear for the hunt they have at hand.
Hella London intends to publish a luxury online magazine aimed at the affluent Arabs who live, work or visit London.
Y.W.S. LLC publishes a quarterly magazine called Life and the Single Parent™ appealing to moms and dads who are raising children on the
Creating a magazine to help veterans find jobs and resources.
An extreme print experience, the mission of HRDCVR is to change the soul of journalism.
A new print publication covering classic & new Post-Punk, Coldwave, Minimal Wave, Shoegaze, Art-Punk, Indie, and more!
Two non-rich boys running a twisted literary/art mag want to do that rare thing: pay folk appropriately for their efforts
ROADY - budget travel and lifestyle magazine striving to balance adventures with an aesthetic approach.
A brand new print publication showcasing the stunning work of Polaroid photographers worldwide.
A quarterly speculative, dark fantasy, and horror magazine featuring original short fiction from established and aspiring writers.
New Age Magazine, a new magazine that covers gaming, tech, and pop culture! Get new interviews and articles every month with new age!
A quarterly print and digital publication sharing firsthand stories inspiring readers to live creatively by fulfilling their dreams
A premium magazine that mates serious conservation concerns with responsible wildlife travel and the lifestyle surrounding it.
KRAZE Magazine is a print and digital publication covering lifestyle + sex + men + relationships for women of color.
Project relaunched.
Help us bring this Free Healthy Publication in print and inspire many more people to join the healthy living organic, vegan food, yoga
Ruby’s Juke Joint Americana Cookbook is filled with my down-home recipes, accompanied by a CD of great Americana music to cook by.
808ink “Hawaii’s Premier Tattoo Magazine” is the first and only tattoo magazine devoted to the tattoo fans and artists of the Pacific.
Exposing Equality and Justice For All
The world's first media enriched, interactive publication for designers, illustrators and creative professionals.
If you like architecture, interior design or the real estate industry, then support the Mansion Homes Annual Report by pledging now!
Mettre en valeur les Cantons de l'Est, ses gens, ses lieux, ses produits et services par le biais d'un magazine papier et web!
---
Advertise your products and services with the first magazine about luxury, technology and design.
Help us launch our first issue of American Lookbook, an ad-free, high-quality design and style periodical.
We are an online Northwest Lifestyle publication looking to publish a quarterly magazine about our great region.
We’re bringing Popular Electronics magazine back to life!  For the tech-curious to the hands-on professional we’ve put together an exci
We are one of the largest online NBA communities in Australia. We're launching a site to post tailor-made articles for our followers.
Hayati is a High Fashion magazine geared towards young modern Muslim women.
lifestyle magazine highlighting women making strides in society  and communities who happen to have tattoos.
We are developing magazine and Ezine Based on the latest bitcoin and cryptocurrency News
As a teacher, I want my students to have an appreciation/love for reading. Educational magazines for my classroom will help get there.
Queer'd: (adj.) To swim outside of the mainstream 
Ex: "I loved that band we saw last night.  They are so Queer'd!"
A free magazine for grey nomads, funded by advertising, distributed nationally via caravan parks & tourist info centres
The perfect magazine for and about Independent/Unisigned/Indie Artists, Musicians and Entertainers!
A fresh perspective on the world of European motoring. Cars and motorcycles. New and classic. All European, all in one place.
Research Study
The magazine BY geocachers and ABOUT geocachers!
A would-be premier horror 'zine, made up of no name authors and unpublished writers. We need help getting this magazine printed!
Creation of an online magazine
A gorgeous quarterly AfroLifestyle Magazine that curates the best in design, decor, architecture, arts, travel fashion and food (EN/FR)
Teen Print Project provides a workshop series, for teens 13-19, to develop comprehensive writing and publishing skills.
Help us launch our new Ezine! Weekend Warrior Woodworking Magazine: for woodworkers with a 9-5 who are in their shops from 5-9
Help us to get Style Reins Magazine off the screen & into the horseboxes, handbags & hearts of equestrian style lovers....
There is So Much More to Nevada!
Babanews is a fictional, generated news website about rabbits. For extra suspense their world will be seeded by real world lotteries.
The Rocky Peak Value Report is a monthly newsletter dedicated to value oriented investing and contrarian thought.
FCQuarterly is a new, high-quality journal writing on politics, policy & people.
Relaunch of the American Muscle Car Association and its publication "Paradise Road", formerly Muscle Car Motion Magazine.
We love great writing. We love original thinking. We love challenging views.
Let's turn what we do into a monthly publication.
My project involves culminating some of the best articles of Trailer Trash into an anthology and publish a book commemorating 15 years of my zine.
cancelled until later date
Inspire Magazine is a free monthly magazine that is 100% written by Kids.
We're Australia's most dedicated community of NBA fans. We are very happy with what we've built and want to share it will all Aussies!
I am Looking to Start a Boxing Publication to Bring the Sport of Boxing Back to the Golden Age.........
THE DIRT: offers local NorCal MX racers exposure through feature articles, interviews & in-depth race coverage!
A taste of the good life, we explore all the factors that make a man complete . Online lifestyle magazine for the modern man.
A magazine about pulling resources together in order to re-use old and recent technology. Join us NOW! ... video is below!
Get "The Most Reliable Film Magazine in the World" digitized—on all 
platforms and devices, with bonus videos and interactive content!
We are making available quality scientific works done by hundreds of thousands of undergraduate researchers each year.
Revista digital de publicación mensual sobre temas de ciencia y tecnología, disponible de forma gratuita para lectores del mundo.
An online based Emag covering Lifestyle articles which Embrace all things South Australian to showcase, individuals, business, tourism
The first ever Competitive Gaming Magazine.
An independent, quarterly Wine and Food magazine. Issue 1 available now. Published in the UK, but sold around the world.
The publication will include content from each Digital Ethos author as well as a set of Nationally recognized personalities.
Please support the continue growth of Pop'Africana Magazine.
A new magazine for combat sports. FIGHT LIFE will introduce inspiring stories and people from all walks of life.
Oxford-based international journal that publishes the work of academics and students who are now considered refugees.
An inspiring local newspaper profiling local talented firms- in the business of art, culture & style.
A Nonprofit New Network by Young Scholars & Veterans, creating an annual magazine on Major Policies & Issues that Affect Americans
A quarterly magazine focused on sharing seasonal wisdom for folks who want to do-it-themselves.
We're looking for funding for our second issue. We've secured an exciting line-up of cover artists.
Success is a decision it doesn't just happen. Reach out for help and return the favor for this is the true cycle of life.
Publishing the first issue of a journal which will highlight the culture, history, and art of groups around the world seen as other.
Ravishing photography, illumined science, incisive analysis in a magazine lush with image, flush with courage. Color Qtrly Print/eZine.
CRAVE is Pure DOPE Magazine's new project development HQ. The 24hr creative space is open to use by the creative professional public.
http://neuroblogsdaily.com features the latest & best supported scientific research, news & multimedia events. Its App is a beta build
The First of It's kind! A MAKE-UP and Beauty Magazine for the professional Make-Up Artist and those that love make-up.
Help Get us into other Markets, Community and Areas Near you! Such as Rutherford Everyday, Charleston Everyday, Columbia Everyday
A brand new UK Fantasy & Sci-fi magazine with a touch of steampunk and horror, with articles, interviews, short story and digital art.
Made in the USA Magazine is inspired to showcase businesses, non-profits, and citizens who have contributed to their country.
A creative and artistic magazine anyone can use to discover ways of  turning everyday materials around us into hard cash.
Help us launch our first issue of American Lookbook, an ad-free, high-quality design and style periodical.
What is Graphic Art?  "Mystifyed" will de-construct it for you from real Graphic Art students in monthly doses of facts and photos.
A weekly periodical with several short story lines going with just enough new material to keep the reader busy for a quick read.
IndieDUB is a free monthly music culture magazine for the Tulsa area.
"I feel it's imperative to {educate} our families on understanding special needs and disabilities beyond definitions and titles."- DM
I am working on creating a better way to get the news you actually care about; business related, but always interesting and informative
A special edition magazine that explores New York City, 10 years after the tragedy of 9/11. Published by TRACE founder Claude Grunitzky
An extremely colorful bi-monthly art and music culture magazine that will blow your minds. Print's not dead!
THE DIRT will bring the NorCal MX community a top shelf magazine with feature articles, local results & high-res photography!
We are students who want to voice opinions that may otherwise go unheard by creating a new publication for our community.
A magazine for the Goddess in all of us. Featuring essays, art, photography, poetry, and journalism promoting women's self-expression.
Being the first of its kind to fuse co-ed resourcefulness, this cross-cultural editorial has developed a strong niche uniting all.
Monthly Yoga & Wellness Magazine That Connects With All Lifestyles and Populations.
Youth Magazine - to empower your human spirit on its search for Truth.
KC’s Best strives to highlight the uniquely Kansas City-centric food culture, localism and sustainability through its publication.
Queer: Differing in some odd way from what is usual or normal.

Weird: Of strange or extraordinary character.

Are you queer’d?
Forensic Science Monthly demystifies the fact from fiction.
ROADY - budget travel and lifestyle magazine striving to balance adventures with an aesthetic approach.
A provocative pictorial of Vail area ski instructors.  Enjoy a stimulating Calendar of the beautiful ladies sliding down the Rockies.
CUSTOM.LIFE is focusing on bringing the era of print back to life. Reinvigorating the tactile expression of print media.
A sophisticated edgy, sexy, fun look at some of the hottest Native American Men and Women in the entertainment industry!
Sharing the knowledge of the Transcendent Truth and the self with society at large by publishing TRANSCENDENT magazine.
Newspapers catalogues and schoolmaterial in new and recycled plastics to optimize reading and revolutionize the media world
A social experiment of a sorts? Can the online world create a millionaire?  Why would you, who knows?  But yet, let's find out
"To Re-energize our Democracy by Empowering Americans with the Passion to Act and Enact Public Policies."

www.pvnn.org
Jesus is the ruler of God's creation, Revelation 3:14 NIV.  Come together & calm hurricanes, tornadoes, heal disease & stop war. Glory
