For podcasters, by podcasters. Come together for a weekend of learning, lessons, and living life. For podcasters of all skill levels!
MarsCorp is a brand new comedy series about a dysfunctional Martian terraforming company.
After 30 episodes, we're ready to buy some better equipment and up our podcasting game.
36 all-new podcast episodes running 6/27 thru 9/2 including: The Weekly Podcast, The Firehose, The Top 10, Nigel's Rubbish Bin, & more!
Creative Disturbance is an international platform supporting collaboration among the arts, sciences, and new technologies communities.
The Yanks Call it Soccer Podcast is a weekly show that is your number one source for all soccer topics you never knew existed.
KRHS FM Bullhead City, Arizona, "KRHSFM.COM"  a real radio station that existed long ago.... We need your help to stay alive!
"Adventures in Odyssey" co-creator Phil Lollar presents a new show about a boy, a strange mansion, and a train traveling through time.
He's been called angry, outspoken, controversial and profane, but almost always funny. He's Angry Dave and he's ready to talk.
Disaster Area is a podcast about disasters throughout history: what caused them, how people survived, and the changes which followed.
Space.  It's a podcast set in space.  The final frontier.  So we named it Frontier.  Drink in the originality.
Have coffee and learn from 100 interesting and inspiring people.
The Weekly Speak Podcast is where games and geek culture meet great interviews, hilarious conversations, and booze.
The Gowanus' own whiskey-fueled cultural talk-fest, Dale Radio, is gearing up for another season.
Please help save the show! We want to continue promoting local music & businesses but we need a place to do it & funds to run it! HELP!
An epic audio drama about survivors of a post-oil apocalypse living in the rugged stretches of rural Maine. Recorded on-location.
We'd like to make more episodes of Retronauts, and it seems that you wouldn't mind listening. Let's make this happen!
Community minded radio features a variety of music, educational and talk programs by local radio hosts. Non-profit/ volunteer powered.
University of New Orleans writing students seek to read their stories about their city on WWNO, New Orleans' Public Radio station.
A political refugee returns to his small village in West Africa to build a community radio station that educates and inspires people.
Help The Pen Addict record live in Atlanta and Washington DC!
Funding the live recording and digital release of 2 episodes of 'The Future Boys', a new science fiction audio sitcom.
We are starting a podcast that is original, entertaining, and funny because we are all those things! Let's start something awesome!
We were engaged for three years, and then we broke up. Now we do a podcast together - and we want to bring it live to Melbourne!
This is a podcast that explores art, life, and Jesus.
Hola mi nombre es carlos y soy creador de historias de terror ,ciencia ficción las escribo,edito y doy vida con mi voz
"Talks on Talks" is a Mormon-themed podcast that uses stories and humor to revisit (and apply) talks from LDS General Conference.
Anastasia Black retired from saving the world; now she's lost in time and space - in her house! Starring Jackie Woodburne (Neighbours).
I'd like to expand the show so that I can do in-person interviews at conferences, improve the overall sound quality, and more!
Help us make a third season of the Peabody Award-winning podcast about the musical creative process, with host Nadia Sirota.
The counter-culture film podcast Double Feature wants you to be part of its biggest announcement ever. It starts right now.
From Pythagoras to the present, tracing the deep roots of today's movement for animals. Free audio download.
Radio Dreaming explores dreams of place and how landscapes speak through dreamers.
A full-cast audiobook of the original Star Trek episode "The City on The Edge of Forever" by Harlan Ellison and all the controversy.
The 1st episode of this live radio drama follows reporter Clifton Monroe & his sidekick Mattie through the crime infested streets.
The evolution of Pop Culture Beast starts now.
A podcast of conversations with mothers working in technology, sharing our stories, challenges, triumphs, and ideas for change.
Described as "PostSecret for the ears." by Paste Magazine, acclaimed blog One Hello World is releasing an LP of its best tracks.
Season 4 of the award-winning radio show about design, architecture and the 99% Invisible activity that shapes our world.
Funding the Dream is the Kickstarter Podcast covering all aspects for creating a successful Kickstarter campaign
SAYER is a dark, witty, fourth wall shattering voyage into the dangers of artificial intelligence and humanity's ultimate ambitions.
A storytelling podcast where people tell true life stories - frequently funny, occasionally heartbreaking, always interesting.
Award-winning public radio show that travels the country telling stories about people doing extraordinary work to overcome obstacles.
The final chapter of the Intergalactic Nemesis trilogy in radio-drama format! Recording live in KUT's Studio 1-A on January 29 at 7 PM!
Afropop will travel to the island of Madagascar to research and produce three audio documentaries for broadcast.
Help the National Audio Theatre Festivals, a non-profit organization, produce the HEAR Now: The Audio Fiction and Arts Festival.
A spaceship buried beneath Sherwood Forest for thousands of years brings epic unexpected space adventure to Jason Fox.
Photo/Record/write/ 6 pieces on Polar Bear; Wolf; Beluga Whale from an Inuit POV for Living on Earth (heard on 80% of NPR stations).
The LA Podcast Festival brings together the biggest names in comedy podcasting for a weekend-long blowout in sunny Santa Monica.
Old tapes. New unheard multimedia stories. Help us bring print journalists' lost interviews to life via podcast, radio, and YouTube.
A radio classic. The first-ever podcast. Now doing both on WBUR in Boston, and everywhere online.
Danger and romance in a world inspired by modern fantasy and feudal Japan; Kaze: Winds of Change is an audio drama launching in 2014.
An award winning radio show about design, architecture and the 99% Invisible activity that shapes our world.
Series 2 of Relatively Prime, a podcast of stories from the Mathematical Domain
A new radio show focused on short fiction produced by Louisville Public Media
The River Runs Through Us is a six-part, yearlong radio series exploring the meaning and metaphor of the Connecticut River.
The Best Science Media on the Web
A star-studded nine episode radio play miniseries about stealing the internet.
Idle Thumbs was a podcast that ran for two years. People liked it, and we liked doing it. We want to bring it back, better than before.
WAYO needs your financial support to operate in 2016. Help keep the creativity and ideas of the Rochester community on the radio!
We are a new Spanish language podcast telling uniquely Latin American stories.
Destination DIY is a radio show & podcast showcasing all kinds of creativity. Please help us make a new season of shows for your ears!
Get the inside edge on the stories that connect Americans to the world -- in your ear every week.
Carlos Mena presents the CASAMENA Radio Hour Vol 1, a  2-CD Mix and Compilation featuring new and unreleased Deep and Afro house.
Help improve the equipment, signal, and reach of 93.5 KNCE True Taos Radio, a new experiment in grassroots community media.
A podcast about surprising struggles in early parenthood, created and hosted by award-winning author and radio producer Hillary Frank.
Public Radio Project
We ended the Seattle Geekly podcast back in mid 2011, We've been thinking of bringing it back but we need help monetarily.
We're raising money to create a 30-hour comedy marathon and an upcoming tour to celebrate our 10-year podcast anniversary.
The Comedy Button is a brand new nerd pop culture podcast with weekly video sketches.
WMSE, a community-funded radio station in Milwaukee, WI needs to replace its in-house digital studio to keep live music on the air.
We are a team of multimedia reporters covering the global economy. We are going to make a t-shirt and tell the story of its creation.
A former intelligence analyst/government transparency advocate talks to his colleagues about the past year's NSA revelations.
The Stage at KDHX will be a beacon for artistic independence in the heart of the country, showcasing new artists and old favorites.
Stump and get stumped! Play along & laugh along as our co-hosts eke out brain juice in this offbeat trivia podcast.
The show is called "1000 Fathoms" and it features content you won't find on most public radio stations.
For the past year, Chris Sims and Matt Wilson have published their movie podcast on Bandcamp. Help them bring it to iTunes!
Help fund the third season of this thought-provoking podcast exploring the lives of creative people around the world.
There are no nerdy things, only nerdy people! Listen and laugh along every Monday on the NerdSync Podcast!
"Meet The Composer" is a radio show from Q2 Music that mines the brains of today’s most dynamic composers.
Live From The Divide is an independently produced weekly public radio broadcast.
Sweet screenprinted t-shirts from your favorite Shreveport independent non-profit radio station at Centenary College of Louisiana.
XRAY.FM: A new radio station with a progressive blend of talk, music, and culture. Help us launch a station as distinctive as Portland.
A blog bringing weekly podcasts featuring under-reported international stories from award-winning journalists to youth in the U.S.
Our Fair City is an episodic, campy, post-apocalyptic, sci-fi radio play epic...for the internet.
Sean Astin Hosts a Forum for Discussion: Politics, Government & World Events. Divergent Viewpoints & a High Standard of Civil Discourse
A weekly, in-depth interview series featuring video game designers and game industry professionals.
A podcast and public radio program that investigates the Business of Doing Good.
Asheville FM is ready to take the next step in being a model for locally-focused Internet radio with worldly appeal.  Let's go!
Thousands of hours of Afro-jazz and dance music on damaged reel-to-reels are in danger of being lost forever. Help us digitize them.
Healthy cooking, conscious eating, food politics, and radical kitchen sense for the modern age.
A new podcast by, for, and about the crew.
State of the Re:Union is a public media program that celebrates stories of real people through an exploration of a city. Help fund our documentaries! 
BBOX is a volunteer-run, freeform, internet radio station that calls a recycled shipping container in Downtown Brooklyn, home.
A new season of the Peabody Award winning public radio series, documenting the extraordinary stories of ordinary life.
We are a collective of amazing storytelling radio shows. Let's remake public radio together.
A cinematic full-cast dramatisation of HG Wells famous 1898 science fiction novel The War of the Worlds. Fan of the book? Get involved!
A discussion about the heavier sides of living with disease incorporating an unfiltered and unapologetic sense of humour.
A sci-fi audio comedy starring Jackie Woodburne (Neighbours) as a retired scientist with a house that travels through time and space!
Help me start a queer science fiction & fantasy short fiction podcast!
We want Season 2 of your favorite fictional podcast to exceed your wildest dreams. Help us bring your untamed expectations to life.
WAYO needs your financial support to operate in 2017. Help keep the creativity and ideas of the Rochester community on the radio!
A gripping story with analog soundscapes, + soundtrack featuring bands of 2037, & slide guitarist trapped in a prison run by an AI
Brains On! is a science podcast for curious kids and grown-ups where we explore things like space, animals, volcanoes and farts!
Help us make The Tennis Podcast in 2017, and better than ever.
Short stories, interviews, and radio documentaries shared by award-winning storyteller Shannon Cason.
The United States has been shaped time and again by large migrations of its population. These are the stories of America in motion.
An acclaimed sci-fi podcast with a large cast and lavish soundscapes, a sci-fi Scheherezade for the 21st century and beyond!
A short daily podcast to KICKSTART your day. It's BACON for your BRAIN!
A new season of the critically-acclaimed podcast sitcom about rival funeral directors on a tiny island.
Everyone knows it's dangerous to go alone. Let's go together.
The Circulating Ideas podcast facilitates conversations about the innovative people & ideas moving libraries through the 21st century.
Crowd-sourced movie podcast Double Feature wants to further a weekly secret society, and wants you to be part of it.
We’re gearing up to make Season 2 of Should We, a podcast with potential. We have a dream team lined up to help us try. Should we?
It's a fiction podcast that comes out once a month. And it's a new way for writers to distribute their work.
We're planning a bigger and better No Nay Never podcast in 2017 - and we need you to make it happen.
My podcast needs to upgrade its audio equipment in order to reach the next level. The show's total downloads is growing by >60%/month!
PB With J's is a Podcast from two college kids hoping to connect two worlds: Jargony Neuroscience Research and a Curious Public Mind.
What if we read the books we love as if they were sacred texts? What would we learn? How might they change us?
We need your help! Fund our new podcast series, featuring exclusive talks about the art of fiction.
Bring incredible stories to life "Snap Style." Support the award-winning radio show that dares listeners to see the world in a new way.
Help your favorite podcast find a forever home.
We're three podcasters from Ireland who are exploring the world, one obscure location at a time. Help us fund a second season!
BFF.fm, SF's best volunteer run community radio station, is bursting at the seams, and needs your help to build their second studio.
Exploring place and space in the Roman empire, one podcast at a time.
Travel to a world of absurdist sketch comedy in this audio podcast. For comedy lovers. Short and sweet.
A community based Philly podcast venting about our teams & celebrating our city, our people & businesses, and life in general.
The Journey Into... Podcast will produce a story written by Ken Scholes and based on the title from the works of Edgar Allan Poe
I will make a Podcast of Peter Ralston, founder of the Cheng Hsin Consciousness Studies and author of The Book of Not Knowing.
A monthly comedy podcast platforming women's voices, recorded in front of a live audience.
A podcast about epic battles for a better world, told from the behind-the-slingshot point of view. Tune in: http://thegoodfight.fm
Help Brad and Myke record live and in-person at the 2015 Atlanta Pen Show!
Every week, Blacktastic will bring you theatrical readings of Sci-Fi and Fantasy short stories written by and about Black people.
WDYO: a radical mixtape of music and social justice. Help launch Music City's first-ever radio station owned & run by low-wage workers
Help Brad and Myke record live and in-person at the 2016 Atlanta Pen Show!
A six-part post-apocalyptic British radio sitcom, inspired by shows like 'The Hitchhikers Guide to the Galaxy' and the 'Fallout' games.
Help us make a free, eight-episode audiodrama anthology inspired by the works of H. P. Lovecraft!
Redshift is a sci-fi anthology series in the vein of Twilight Zone or Dimension X. Monthly auditory delights from the future past.
T-shirt campaign to raise funds for PodhD in 2017. Production costs include hosting, equipment and travel.
Preserving the planet starts with what's on your fork. Why should you care & how will eating healthy help the planet? Secrets revealed.
We look to give voice to the immigrants of Gothenburg, each week we interview people from all over the world to hear their stories
A standalone/companion mini-series to the original story of "We're Alive". 5+ hours of full sound-designed audio drama entertainment.
A great message board community is setting out to do a 100 page trade paper back comicbook anthology. Update: page count is now 133!!
I'm telling you...something happens when you press "record". In the debut season of my podcast, find out what.
Vi gör idéerna från bloggen Onkel Toms stuga tillgängliga för fler i nya format.
A two-day parenting event designed to inspire greater self-awareness, connection and community.
The D&R podcast is trying to raise money for artists and equipment.
Everyone has a story of insipration.
Listen in for the tips, hacks and strategies that marketing professionals share with each other...but rarely share in public.
A podcast dedicated to those runners in the back of the pack. After all, it's not last place -- it's running with police escort.
To make quality podcasts, we need quality recording equipment.
Help Brendo and Phil release the world's first podcast on a seven inch record! Radio BrendoMan listeners are the best. This is for you.
After 31 successful years on Public Radio Michael Feldman's Whad'ya Know Podcast brings the comedy/quiz/music mix to podcasting
2 40+ year old white guys who grew up when hip hop was growing up. We take you back to that time. We want to keep classic hip hop alive
This movement will help you set and achieve your goals. It's time to move beyond your past and create the life you want in 2016!
Powerful. Personal. Universal.  These are the life stories of a long silent group of migrant workers - the taxi drivers of Dubai.
One randomly generated word. Two movies that in some way relate to that word. It's Random Tandem: The Double Feature Generator Podcast.
"Cosmic Love with Madam Xandra" is a podcast dramedy about a sex advice show on an intergalactic space station.
It's Super Effective is ready to evolve our podcast to the next level. If you're willing to listen, we can take that journey together.
Double Feature - the often blasphemous, taboo, and science minded film podcast - can't end with Year 5! Let's make more episodes!
Community Radio Station KMUZ needs help bringing Roger Steffens' 2-hour multi-media show 'The Life of Bob Marley' to Salem. We be jammin'!
We love talking comics. Help us continue to give comic creators a place to promote their exciting new projects.
Dave Marash hosts radio/audio doc & living history website on America's great blind black gospel musicians. www.heavenlysight.org
Madrid's low power FM community radio station, KMRD-LP 96.9FM, needs a web stream. We want to share our programming with the world!
Season 3 is upon us, and we need a shelf for all the trophies we are going to win! (Also, we want to pay our artists.)
Internet cricket commentary of England's winter Test series in UAE and South Africa.
Help ShowShow become more famous than the moon. Donations go to fund the 2012 year of this DIY podcast sensation.
Annie records the audiobooks for her "L is for Lion" and "Schistsong" -- so all can listen to her raw Bronx roar!
We are the podcast Please Don't Send Me into Outer Space and our renewal fee is coming up! Please help us if you can!
Tales of the Extraordinary, the 1920's pulp adventure radio serial, is touring the West Coast with their live interactive show this May
Guerilla Cricket is an internet cricket commentary service providing commentary of England internationals and other matches
Area24radio.com believes your life really can be saved by rock and roll.  Our DJ's spin everything from indie to Edith Piaf.
Community Radio is inclusive, portable "Theater of the Mind" - instantly accessible, regardless of economic or technical resources.
The Vampire Historian is a new podcast devoted the vampire in history, literature, folklore, and popular culture.
Three special broadcasts of live audio theatre for everyone to enjoy over the Internet.  Featuring comedy, mystery & science fiction.
Relatively Prime will be an 8 episode audio podcast featuring stories from the domain of mathematics.
CHIRP has been working for two years to organize and build a new community radio station. This campaign will help launch the online version this fall.
Conversations on Collapse collects transcripts of pivotal early C-Realm Podcast interviews on the topic of the collapse of industrial civilization.
The Musicalist is a podcast featuring intelligent conversations with eminent composers, performers, writers and music administrators.
Help bring Annie Finch's epic libretto, Among the Goddesses, to Progressive Radio Network!
This past July, X107 reformatted the station, marking the end of Rock Radio in NYC. We are sounding the alarm: BRING ROCK RADIO BACK
Big Picture Science will be hitting the stage to perform a live, doomsday-themed show, as part of the Bay Area Science Festival.
Based on Julian Gollop's game of Wizard battles, new full-cast audio adventures in a world of magic and fantasy!
Help the all-volunteer WoodSongs Old-Time Radio Hour upgrade to HI-DEF TV and support grassroots music across North America
The Renaissance Festival Podcast live at the Bristol Renaissance Festival ONLY July 20 and 21 2013
Criticaly acclaimed podcast series documenting the cultural influence of the island of Jamaica on the world.
Q101 is building a BRAND NEW radio station from scratch and we want to YOU to help. You say, we play. Metal or Dance? Prince or Polka?
Airships.  Pirates.  Magic.  Steampunk.  Horizon Run is the first of a series of soon-to-be released podcast stories.
Orson Welles and Harold Bloom find themselves as guests in a radio studio co-hosting this unconventional version of Shake’s classic.
Poets notice what other people miss. Help Molly get her singular perspective on love, death, grammar, lingerie, and small towns to a wider audience.
Jawbone Radio was one of the first podcasts on the net. After a short hiatus, hosts Len & Nora need your help to record another season.
The Starting Zone, a World of Warcraft podcast for new players looks to expand it's helpful series!
A radio show that explores religious conviction, public faith, and our diverse spectrum of beliefs. Doubting Thomas is welcome here.
Indie Street is a new media podcast and blog devoted to all things independent. Nick and Eric bring you the best in music, movies, books, comics, etc.
At least 30-40 in-depth conversations with creators and observers all around South Korea, Asia's most fascinating country today.
Jerry The Awesome Opossum talks and sings all about his experiences living with his loving, slightly dysfunctional, adopted family.
We want to connect the Ribble Valley by providing a radio service online via podcasts / streaming and on FM.
Thirsty Pizza has nothing to do with beverages or pizza. Rather it's a silly title for our film discussion podcast.
A podcast about two confused NYC transplants searching for the lone seat on an uptown train to nowhere.
Filmdrunk Frotcast wants to make a video documentary and audio podcast, live from the 2013 Gathering of the Juggalos in August!
Launch Season 1 (52 episodes) of a podcast starring personal stories told live from FPA's archive plus new tales from our listeners
MSP is dedicated to giving you the finest entertainment informational podcast on the Internet
A metropolitan "Prairie Home Companion" A collection of songs, sketches, stories, musical guests based in a fictional Chicago 'hood.
Short stories, interviews, and radio documentaries shared by award-winning storyteller Shannon Cason.
Louisville's locally-focused podcast network designed to produce high-quality on demand talk to connect our community.
Heart & Hand - The Live Show! Listeners have been asking for a while for us to do a show in front of audience - now we will!
Community radio station constructs sound-booth, music shelving & computer lab to provide a forum for underrepresented music of the Pacific Northwest
The Longest running UK Gaming podcast, wants to keep going after a long 6 year history.
Ja, jaja. Podcast med Elinor & Felicia behöver köpa ny inspelningsutrustning för att få det perfekta ljudet till allt genialt som sägs.
Replacing stolen Podcasting equipment.
A pop culture and current events podcast brought to you by a rotating cast of hosts.
Three guys, three microphones, and an attempt to improve 1999's Wing Commander screen adaptation through comedy.
The classic tale of King Lear, re-imagined, recorded and performed by a group of young artists as a radio play.
Dumping the ads and letting the fans own Season 3 of the hit Fantasy (and SciFi) Sports podcast.
From the team that brought you Steven's Untitled Rock Show on Fuse comes GOING OFF TRACK. The greatest podcast in the universe. Truth.
We're a podcast and concert series that showcases classical music and readings in a new way. Donate $20 and get a CD of our first podcast!
The FIRST African-American superhero radio serial needs your help to make a soul sonic flight across the airwaves. Help make history!
RadioBoise will be live on 89.9FM this April. FINALLY! As we construct our new studio, your donation will ABSOLUTELY make a difference.
The KRTS Youth Media Project gives student producers the tools to tell the stories that matter to them.
We're headed back to the Faroes to record more episodes of the award-winning podcast, but we need your help to get there.
Don't touch that dial! This is radio like you've never heard it before. Original. Irreverent. One night only. LIVE AND IN PERSON.
We've been putting on the Massive Report Podcast for over 100 episodes for all of you.  Help us continue to give you a show next season
These nerdy popculture podcasters need your help in making a presence at the upcoming Indy Pop Con Convention!
Help two friends start the first season of a local podcast covering topics relating to the Lancaster Barnstormers baseball team.
Four, 1-hour radio documentaries on uncovering Egyptian music.  Will include recordings of live music, video, interviews and more!
A podcast about the uncertain path from professional actor to professional director.
Interview & Music Show ft Emerging Americana, Alt-Country, & Roots Musicians. Highlighting Their Influences, Favorite Foods, & Places
KUHS 97.9 FM will be the only community radio station in Hot Springs, and the only solar powered radio station in Arkansas.
Frank & Erik do a weekly comedy podcast called Frank & Erik Internet Famous. Now they’re ready to take their podcast to the next level: vinyl.
Radio conversations with the liveliest minds inside an ongoing revolution
A new ten-episode season of the celebrated roleplaying game design podcast.
Get your 500-word story narrated for just $10, $20 for 1000 words, and kickstart author George Sirois' voiceover career!
This project will create real content while using the new technology of Binaural Recording to further understand audio for the future.
A Podcast about everything Sci-Fi & Cosplay.  The things you want to see, the people you want to hear from. Your ideas, your universe.
KKFI will partner with the International Folk Alliance to broadcast and film the 2014 Folk Alliance Conference.
We want to build a community radio station for San Miguel Ixtahuacan, Guatemala, where the locals are resisting a Canadian Gold mine.
Folklore Podcast.                   
Folk Music Tour. 
Bicycle Pilgrimage.
Die Sprechwaisen wollen die Auphonic Desktop App kaufen.
WASDRadio.com is an online radio station featuring game developer interviews, geek chat, radio dramas, and music playing 24/7
Help Eddie and Doug attend the 2014 NHL Draft in Philadelphia to cover the event firsthand and record the show on media row.
Once again, we're letting the fans own Season 4 of the hit Fantasy (and SciFi) Sports podcast.
An etiquette podcast for the dork of today.
We've been dealing with substandard equipment for a while now and want to step up our game so we can produce a better podcast.
At Beard and Friends, we are trying to improve the quality of our podcast.  We are trying to raise $250 in order to do so. Thank you.
Crowd-sourced movie podcast Double Feature wants you to help design a brand new year of shows.
Telling the stories, pointing out the paths that make human steps historic.
Help keep independent, community broadcasting alive & provide a platform for local artists, musicians, & thinkers at Mutiny Radio!
Dave and Joanna desperately want to bring back their "Game Of Thrones" podcast for Season 3. Are you willing to pay the iron price?
Do your part in empowering the independent musician and artist by fueling the growth and increasing the quality of ruKusradio.com.
Considering the Source's sound quality needs to improve so we're in need of new mics, mixer, portable recorder and other equipment.
We are looking to fund our podcast AdventureFit Radio through 2016. A weekly podcast exploring all things fitness, adventure and life.
The TransWaves Podcast delivers stories of trans* teens, artists, filmmakers, lawyers and more to transgender youth and the world.
Our podcast has gone from a fun hobby, to a weekly staple - now, it's time to turn it up another notch! Let's do more!
Help the Watch Out for Fireballs! retro games podcast do a live show at the 2013 Portland Retro Gaming Expo.
Sasha and Zeke of the Double Meat want to make their fans happy. The fans want them to meet up to perform a live, in-person episode of the podcast.
A carefully curated collection of critical thinking. The Critical Path podcast, transcribed and arranged for reference and reflection.
The Conversation 3-Way is a Phase 2 podcast in which three artists/curators/dealers/collectors break down recent art world happenings.
KRMA radio talk show host brings current events, humor, and welcomes your calls regarding personal issues. Entertainment and insight!
Help vegan blogger Erin Red to launch Red Radio, an original, innovative, entertaining, genuine and accessible new indy vegan podcast.
A new weekly podcast (in the spirit of the old PrairieCast) highlighting the Iowa startup community.
Hate 'The Role-Playing Hour' all over again! Help Australia's least favourite low-brow, nerdy, lunatic audio comedy live on.
Soundography Season 1: Each episode, we go through a lesser-known band's history, their discography, their hits and misses.
Nerd podcast and blog for people with nerdy weird brains!
Help us put our 1st year of local Christian radio on the air in Cedar Rapids, Iowa. A Community of 150,000 (+or-) people.
Let's turn HUNTING THE FIVE, book one of the De la Roca Chronicles, into a free podcast on podiobooks.com!
The Filmdrunk Frotcast is coming to Chicago! We will do two live podcasts and screenings of The Running Man on 11/3 and 11/4.
SermonSlam is a poetry slam, but for sermons. And by "sermon," we also mean poetry, prose and other briefly delivered wisdom.
The hosts of the "Movie B.S. with Bayer & Snider" podcast want to do daily reports from the Cannes Film Festival.
Train Wreck in Progress, an arts podcast in Phx, AZ, is presenting a huge Halloween bash with stories & songs for adult ears only
A global multimedia broadcast online radio show promoting a commitment to a lifestyle of resourcefulness. Do-G.O.O.Ders are go-getters!
The Walker Stalker Convention is an outgrowth of The Walker Stalkers Podcast.  It is a fan-centric zombie and horror convention.
A year of media podcasts from the former producer of Media Talk: gossip, analysis and big names from the media industry.
The podcast dedicated to sharing and defending the Gospel of Jesus Christ amongst the world's religions.
Help fund SofaCON 2 a live online science fiction convention with special guests David Brin, Joe Haldeman and Kim Stanley Robinson
Nerd's Domain and the Omega Nerds Network are headed to Indy Pop Com to show off how awesome we are!
An online audio broadcast that showcases the best elements of talk radio, unfiltered information and the stories of our lives.
"Crazy About Mushrooms" is a radio documentary about mushrooms and the people who love them! Join me as I explore the world of fungi!
An online radio station providing the soundtrack to your glamourous, jet-set lifestyle. For playboys and playgirls worldwide.
A compelling online audio archive of love stories; gathered from the paths & villages, towns, cities, homes & communities of England.
What does it mean to be called crazy in a crazy world? Help us publish a book of interviews and produce new FM radio episodes!
Florida Gators sports - frank opinions, game recaps, and interviews.  After 40 podcasts, ready to take it to next level!
Help transcribe Another DAM podcast about Digital Asset Management,  including 80 interviews, from audio into searchable text
My fb Philosophy group has grown too large. Activity has reached multiple comments every minute. We need to expand the platform!
The Christian Rock 20 needs to replace equipment to continue producing the show. Help us continue to ROCK your radios each weekend!
Our Radio Monteverde Juvenil project is dedicated to organizing, educating, & supporting independent radio in our rainforest community.
We'll say 3 nice things about anything you hate. Traffic. Hairy soap. Menstruation. Anything! Help us create 30 episodes in 30 days.
For 2 years we've limped along with cheap Wal-Mart headsets. It's time to upgrade to pro level equipment. That's where you come in!
Weekly podcast Radio Brendoman has the world's greatest fan community.  The community wants shirts. With this project, we'll make some!
You can help us send Matt to Renaissance Festivals for more great interviews for the podcast.
Help fund a podcast for Joanna Robinson and the Chen Brothers to recap Season 2 of Better Call Saul
För att kunna spela in podden på distans behöver vi komplettera vår utrustning med en ny zoom. Halp please om ni vill och kan!
A radio documentary series on the continuing struggle for racial justice in the United States, during the era of mass incarceration.
A radio/web documentary looking at wilderness in Alaska. Why is wilderness important? What does it mean to be designated wilderness?
Podcast hosts Greg and Zach will bring The One Piece Podcast to Japan with video interviews, video tours, cultural insights and more!
A community radio station experiment.
SSRadio has been broadcasting deep & soulful House music online since 2005. Without your help, we won't be able to continue into 2015.
From the ashes of a fallen radio empire, three unemployed weirdos have come together for one common purpose.To do a podcast.
Drawn Out Storytelling is a storytelling show combined with comic artists. It is stories being told and drawn concurrently. With a band
Help LDS with trials have a resource that is easy to find, empathizes with their struggle, and encourages them to lead with faith.
KCPR Cal Poly Radio is a nonprofit student-and-community run station that needs equipment to broadcast live music from our studio.
From 2009 to 2011 I hosted a podcast called The Casting Game. For a number of reasons, it went away. I want to bring it back.
We Play is a british based podcast like Achievement Hunter, consisting of 3 avid gamers we plan to make entertaining videos for all.
Creating 4 weekly podcasts under one umbrella cast; 2 on Dr Who, 1 on general nerd talk, and 1 with a modern look at old home ec ideas
The Home Of Hip Hop
Hiding. Waiting. Feeding. The crew of the Demeter are vanishing one by one. In the bowels of the ship lies their hunter, Count Dracula.
AffirmingVoice Radio Project provides engaging, relevant audio content bringing personal and professional development to young adults.
We would like to produce and air 8 recorded 'clean energy' awareness segments on our weekly radio show the "Centsible Energy Hour".
The Christian Bible unpacked and understood from a secular, objective perspective that fails to ignore the unmentionable bits.
We need some money so that we can do more things. Will you please give us some money?
TOSPEC is an online continuing education school that offers to working adults instruction in politics, economics and communication
After watching musicians struggle, I wanted to give them a voice to put themselves out there, and help fans discover new music.
A harrowing story of Misery, Love and Betrayal. Funding is needed to get this radio short from the drawing board and into production.
S.A.M. Podcast is the first uncensored, no holds barred automotive comedy show online! Like Car Talk but with balls! Help us grow!
Help us bring you a better Trivial Trivia Podcast by upgrading our equipment.
A podcast to inspire the world! Chats with creators and entrepreneurs. Games, projects, pop culture and other nerd stuff!
InTheDig is organizing an Event For National 811 Day to Kickoff The Launch of Our Excavation Safety Podcast! Details @ www.InTheDig.com
Classical Music Internet Radio at its finest!
A podcast dedicated to the zombie genre. We will discuss its history and orgin, book and movie reviews. Lots of Z-knowledge to come.
My objective is to provide a communication medium for small business owners in Birmingham about business opportunities.
Weekly conversations featuring tasty recipes, the latest Entertainment gossip/news, current events and important life matters.
Stories of, by and for the city of Oberlin, Ohio. Searching for Oberlin's voice in the modern echo chamber
Your contribution will help fund a great new website for progrock.com.  Your ticket to the Best Progressive Rock #ProgRock
KHOI is community radio being built for Central Iowa.  $12,000 completes the broadcast studio for programming created by local talent.
We're raising money to create a 30-hour comedy marathon as well as developing our iPhone and Android app.
We are building a community radio station and we need equipment so we can start broadcasting.
Two Jaded Gamers who host one of the longest running miniature gaming podcasts in the world. Help us bring the party to AdeptiCon!
A live radio drama celebrating The Legend of Sleepy Hollow in Boston.
Var med och bidra till vår egen inspelningsutrustning! Med din hjälp kan vi bli ännu bättre, mer mobila och mer frekventa!
From 2007-12, The Jazz Session brought you in-depth interviews with jazz musicians. It's time to bring back the show.
Sponsor this episode and have your message heard by thousands of people who enjoy laughing at things and occasionally dancing.
Deemable Tech, a call-in radio show, needs to build a mobile app so they can reach a larger audience with their tech support.
a noir christmas carol, performed as a radio play
Keep audio drama showcase, Radio Drama Revival, from going dark - we're fundraising hosting fees and funds to bring on new hosts
I started a podcast and blog to support unsigned musicians around the world. But I need to raise funds to keep it online.
We are trying to raise money to post outtakes on iTunes, keep the feeds going, & improve the sites. Read the story for more info.
Kickstart Joanna and David's "A Cast of Kings" podcast for season 6!
Jim and A.Ron are in the empire business.  Will you be the Mike to our Walt and Jesse? Only we *won't* stab you in the back.  Probably.
Sponsor 40oz. Of Horror Podcast as we get ready to come party at Horrorhound Weekend in Indianapolis!
This is a kickass podcast that Intuition, Dumbfoundead, and DJ Zo use to introduce the world to music and art you need to know about.
The JCast Podcast featuring Within The Trenches is a show that will feature 9-1-1 stories from the dispatcher's who lived it.
News & current events are banned on radio in India. Dabba Radio seeks to open this medium and change the culture of journalism.
Broadcast Journalism and Community Radio education for youth in a rural community.
Often histories are empty of political meaning. This podcast is an attempt to put the (radical) politics back into doing history.
An Art project in New York, NY by Free Radio
Heavy Hands is an MMA Podcast that eschews the usual hype talk in favor of fight analysis, fighter breakdowns, and more. Plus, jokes!
100% volunteer non-profit commercial free radio focusing on information, cultural expression, and involvement from the community.
Tales of potty politics and hygiene history introduce you to London like never before. Help create an audio guide for Loo Tours!
Bitches be Crazy will be two girls who don't shut up interviewing and talking with funny people to make you laugh. Or think. Or not.
Do you love our coverage of AMC's The Walking Dead and want to help us make it better? Read on to find out how!
audio assault: a weekly podcast. a source of joy to dozens. a social experiment in dick jokes. save it.
We are producing an hour long tribute to the life and music of the late great Jim Miller, an amazing songwriter from Bemidji, MN.
"1, 2, Many" will be a podcast series  that will tell the stories veteran suicide.
We've heard your cries, you miss the ladies of SGPink and we miss you.  We are coming back, but we need a kick start!
St. Louis's best (and only) podcast devoted to food is looking to make the best bester. We need your help.
Jay-Jay and Fitzy host Chicago's only overnight morning FM radio show.
Help Dave and Joanna cook up another season of The Ones Who Knock podcast.
TrailManners needs your help to upgrade our equipment so we can bring you a top quality podcast about Trail life and Van life! Thanks!
Dr. Shellie Hipsky is interviewing 100 top women internationally for Empowering Women Radio & her 6th book "Common Threads".
Launching the DJ HALAL RADIO SHOW for Muslim Youth everywhere!  Bring back free halal Muslim entertainment!
We've gone as far as we can with what we've got, but with your help we can get even better!
Washington is broken. You are not. Help DecodeDC report stories that really matter.
A sub/pop/counter/underground culture podcast hosted by New York city based punk musicians Joey Steel and Filthy Phill.
Creating the first podcast for the Seeds of Music web show.
Drone-Based Christian Radio Brings Bible Reading, Teaching, and Gospel Music to a Small Nepal Village Where Many Don't Know How to Read
This podcast is about experiencing the world through the eyes of the people who live in it through real conversations.
I know... digital art is super pretentious. But I'm starting a podcast and I need equipment. Get ready for me to be all up in dem ears.
A podcast about cancer survivors and how they beat cancer, created and hosted by John Paul Younes.
Blunt Youth Radio is taking our Audio Slam Throwdown, a live performance competition for spoken word audio producers, to NYC in July.
A Science Podcast, hosted by Two Brothers, one an Engineer and Physicist, the other a Ph.D. Candidate and Chiropractor.Explore The Well
Commercial-free Radio for Ketchum, Hailey, Sun Valley and all the Wood River Valley
Our aim is to work with the existing network of Hip-Hoppers in Comuna 13 providing them with a mobile recording studio.
A new sci-fi comedy web series—
Star Trek meets News Radio!
Open Harvest Co-op Grocery is turning 40! To celebrate we want to collect community history through your stories. It'll be fun!
Hey-- need your help guys to launch my radio show on a couple of FM RADIO Stations. Your donations are greatly appreciated.
A new pod-cast channel and short-film house - free from any advertising. Doc-cast/Long-form interview/Soundscape & Journey.
Tecniche e strategie di marketing, innovazione e persuasione, applicabili nel tuo lavoro quotidiano e accessibili gratuitamente!
From Prison to Parliament, listen to the wildest stories from three years of homeless vagabonding through 36 countries. Buckle up.
This is a campaign to help me raise money to get my online radio off the ground properly.
Apropos of Nothing is committed to bringing you the very best in off the cuff humor combined with top notch guests every week.
Sharing Amazing Local Talent from around the world...around the world
This guide provides everything you need to know about producing great podcasts. Author Jim Metzendorf has edited well over 1,000 shows.
Every PAX, people ask "When are you doing more Podcasts?!?!" With your help, the answer will be "Really, Really Soon."
With your support 2 Hearts will produce 8 hours of original radio programming and a video series.
TDC is a daily talk show started by Mike Wolters...formerly of Detroit's #1 rated Drew & Mike Show.  No FCC!  No political correctness!
We are taking our station to the next level by launching our first ever website to further help spread the word about our artists.
Doos in Tamriel has echo issues in audio caused by close proximity of the two hosts.  A new mic and pc desk would solve this.
This Dallas based online radio show, attempts to remove the pollution placed in our minds by music, media & society one show at a time.
The first national show to focus only on the middle of the country - finding the diverse voices that are often ignored.
"Adventures in Odyssey" co-creator Phil Lollar presents a new show about a boy, a strange mansion, and a train traveling through time.
The Resurrection of Old School Radio Theatre for a New School Podcast Listening Audience, with Today's Most Cutting Edge Technology.
Making a radio station for hackers, by hackers to change the way that people think about hacking.
Speculate! The Podcast for Writers, Readers, and Fans needs your help to continue to bring you our unique blend of podcast goodness
With your help, we can get Better Radio on-air and online with groundbreaking, grassroots content ranging from sustainability to art.
It was called "The War to End All Wars." A century later, we know better. Join us on air and online as we unearth the legacy of WWI.
The ultimate commercial-free, request-driven Classic Rock Radio station: Help us build it and it is yours.
"Accidental Rhythm" is a top-rated radio show w/ host Jason Eldredge. The show was on KCRW & East Village Radio and is now independent.
For twelve years, I wrote The Ethicist for the New York Times.  Now I’d like to produce a weekly ten-minute podcast akin to the column.
A spaceship buried beneath Sherwood Forest for thousands of years  brings unexpected space adventure to three ordinary guys.
Do you remember KISN radio?  KISN comes back to Portland after 38 years.  Your Real Oldies Radio returns to 95.1 FM with your help.
The second season of the award-wanting science fiction audio anthology series.
Of all the tenured physics professors in the United States, only 1 in 30 is a woman. Why?
Code Red is an audio comic based around two social media entrepreneurs and their crime fighting alter egos, Code Red and Crucifix Amber
Independent media portal to 200+M Russian speakers with 100kW AM radio, Astra 4A SAT Euro beam and on the internet at WWW.REAKTSIYA.COM
Kakos Industries helps you to Do Evil Better. Get bizarre bimonthly announcements read by CEO Corin Deeth III.
Learn how to start a Business using Amazon's FBA program by purchasing goods directly from China and reselling them on Amazon.
Unterstützt mein Podcast-Projekt: hier fasse ich jeden Raketenstart zusammen und liefere Infos über die Nutzlast, Rakete & Startplatz!
Welcome to your Healthy Music revolution! 43.2 The Drop Radio streams the hottest songs & classics 24/7/365 in 432Hz healthy frequency!
Upgrade, and expand streaming Internet radio station playing hand curated free form rock music 24/7 and a web portal with more stations
Yes Radio is a New Style of internet radio.Offering Educational Programs, Neo~Soul, R&B, Gospel Music and Cooking and much more
We need your help creating a studio, so we can bring free quality podcast's about anime, conventions, games and more to you.
We are creating a top flight training program to enable students to chase their dream in sports broadcasting/media.
Sordelet Ink is launching audiobooks of David Blixt's award-winning Star-Cross'd novels! Help us fund the production costs!
Help Bill Orton buy low-cost recording equipment & mixing software, to create audiobooks from his "Hope for Change" trilogy.
Mike Lischio gives his take on the latest & greatest in the sports world featuring live guests to provide unique insight & perspective
Our show is for the show truck enthusiasts, who work hard to show off on the weekends and socialize with their club and friends!
Splash-fm needs to get back online. We need to purchase a new computer so that we can share the great variety of the 80s, 90s and Now.
Keith & Trav talk up both classic and current films, guest celebrities (played by the duo), and perform hilarious skits via podcast!
The Vampire Historian is a new podcast devoted the vampire in history, literature, folklore, and popular culture.
The podcast that combines CNN with Mad Magazine, while mixing utter nonsense with a bit of Howard Stern. Media to entertain the masses.
Green Light Radio offers live interviews, music from the main stage, and concert updates during the Arise Festival, Aug. 8th-10th
My having a weekly talk show on Voice America's Empowerment Network = people unleashing their true champion that resides within them!
Our Pixel History is a premium podcast, produced by enthusiast and gaming historian Joshua Mobley.
103.5 The Sun is a community FM radio station created by and programmed for people who live and work in Sun Prairie, Wisconsin.
Bridging the underground and mainstream.  Canada's #1 Bass Music Web Radio station.
A weekly 1-2 hour call-in style radio podcast about gender, and human rights issues from the perspective of gender egalitarians.
I am creating a vlog about the steps saving up for, preparing for, traveling to, attending, and returning from Star Wars Celebration.
In need of fund for a new audio recording setup for a fledgling audiobook Youtube channel.
The ultimate commercial-free, request-driven Metal radio station. Help us build it and it is yours.
I have already written Season One of Engines Under Ursus.
There are twenty eight episode which are free.
I want to write Season Two.
Help Orlando Fun and Food raise money to start a new weekly podcast, bringing you the best in and around Orlando!
Three Gamers Podcast is a team of three friends who review games and talk current gaming news all while playing a game live.
Help get the necessary equipment for us to start up, we will be creating podcasts on all news topics, movies, games and a lot more.
Your weekly podcast for all things action brought to you by three guys of varying degrees of inaction and waist size.
We aim to make high quality independent music accessible to everyone. Help support emerging artists by giving them a place to be heard
Multi Genre Network Radio Playing the Independent Artists and bands. All costs are so far out of pocket.
Dover Community Radio is rebooting this summer with an amazing music festival and a month long FM licence (RSL). Join in the fun!
New age geeks visioning to build a radio and news source to revitalize radio and news back to a time when radio was more community.
A live and downloadable left leaning political podcast that covers today's issues with humor and an original point of view.
Monday - Friday U of U athletic radio show on major SLC radio station hosted by Brian Swinney, Tom Karen, Mike Grant, & Robert Jackson
Listen, share and relax among friends! Join us as we extend the next wave of audio podcast entertainment in the social space!
Laser558 was a pirate station that broadcast from the North sea on the MV Communicator in the early 1980s. 30 years on we are looking..
TLM - an internet talk show & podcast cohosted by Georgene Dwyer,Licensed Professional Counselor & Dru Morgan - No topic off limits!
A podcast hosted by two idiots dedicated to talking about beer, sports, women, and generally idiocy. Expect guests, parodies & insanity
'Unlock Your Potential' FREE mp3 podcast helps at-risk teens learn valuable communication skills and build confidence!
From hardcore gamers to the intrigued parent who wants to be more involved with this hobby. Digital Overload is the Podcast for you!
Trying to enhance the overall quality of the show and make it more content rich and portable.
A weekly podcast about professional wrestling.  If it happens in the squared circle, from the ridiculous to the sublime, we are there.
a look at all things comedy, geeky, nerdy and alternative
Bibliophilia is a radio show and podcast about books, the people who write them, and the ideas they contain.
Based on the controversial book, Shock Therapy! will jolt listeners into new spiritual thought patterns with every internet broadcast.
Shrewd Perplexity is a biweekly podcast, where the greatest questions of our time are clouded in accurately cast confusion. Airs Jan 16
Life long friends telling stories, spouting lies, giving opinions, and general male BS wrapped up in a podcast.
The Never Daunted Radio Network is looking to fund a new, expanded  season of live podcasts (Up to 250 episodes).
Jake, Ted, JB, & JC telling you how the world woks through their eyes - with no real clue themselves it is riveting fun entertainment
American Fatass Podcast needs your help to purchase new audio equipment so that we can sound better. Currently using webcams, HELP!
The STFU Show is a totally free comedy/talk podcast available every M,W,&F on iTunes or at stfushow.com
Magical Bass - the best podcast in the universe - ill beats & big laughs w/ DJ 0.000001, Th' Mole, & DJ 1 Billionth (the DJ'ing cat).
Looking to create a Weekly Podcast covering the world of wrestling and it's future.Need help with equipment.
"He tells these wonderful little stories."  Julie from "Forgotten Classics."
History Podcasting like you've never heard it before!Exploring the 'what ifs' of history through discussions with historians every week
We do a weekly podcast about the TV show LOST.  We would love to get some new equipment to deliver amazing content!
An educational podcast on all things alcohol. Simplifying terminology and bringing several different outlooks to wine, liquor, and beer
This is a Kickstarter campaign to bring back The Solowargaming Show podcast!
We are trying to fund the launch of a new podcast to accompany our blog, SocialRaving.com. Nothing is off limits or out of bounds.
I would like to create mental health podcasts for people struggling with their mental or physical health like myself.
Tim Talks Movies With Seth is a podcast that believes every movie is worth the conversation.
The Eat Sleep Write Podcast is the way to give voice to the many authors that don't have anywhere else to talk about their work.
A compilation of "greatest hits" from our first season of The William Beran Show.
Tempus Tenebrarum is a Podcast discussing the roleplaying games of the World of Darkness, by White Wolf Publishing.
A free press is the cornerstone of democracy.  Radio One will broadcast Music, News & Public Affairs programming.
“Jolting our listeners into new
spiritual thought patterns!”
This is a podcast for and about the people in the wine, beer, spirits, and restaurant business and their stories.
A group of millennials who love radio want to build a network that brings new energy to the radio industry. Help them launch.
Dr.Dooe Little and Ms.Unique Head Trauma converse on different subjects including Love,Sex,Relationships & Music.
An innovative new approach to stories. High quality audio stories to enable imagination and growth for kids & goodness for parents.
A podcast for those who feel like they don't have a voice, also to entertain all demographics of people. Unbiased thoughts & feelings.
The Goal of the Daily Dose Meditation Club is to Help Our Members Meditate At Least 5 Minutes Each Day with Unique Daily Audio Clips.
BSB is a radio program featuring unadulterated fairy/folktales that bear little resemblance to the sanitized Disney versions of today.
Slamchop is a new podcast workshopping spoken word poetry and we want to pay our contributors.
Interviews and Tour video programs at the 2014 Orlando HamCation and Dayton Hamvention
BossFM is a digital radio network for millennials. In an industry dominated by 40-somethings, we have no voice. Help us change that.
To serve Lawrence County with news, sports, life styles, art, culture, and education ect; through pod casts and radio. view nctv45.com
Ever gone to the movies & were shocked at the content you saw?  Supporting us will help us give you a heads up on content & quality!
Scar Johnson: Space Marine is a comedic throwback to classic radio dramas like Flash Gordon and Dick Tracy.
Vets On Media is dedicated to informing & entertaining both Veterans & civilians through humor, music, news, sports, business programs.
We do an online radio show called cookie and the coffeeman, we want so much to get a studio and proper equipment to launch our show
The world is filled with interesting people. Come with me on a journey of discovery to a hundred voices in America.
Through our podcast we want to give individuals with big dreams and goals a better chance to find and create their future success.
Self Psychology at it's best! Fun, Fast and No B.S. 
Empowerment Channel. VoiceAmerica.com Over 40 shows produced. Funding Season 3.
JADZ Media  is Launching a new concept On The Constitutional Liberties of the American People.Liberty and  Justice for All!
Radio Victoire est une webradio francophone sur la thématique du développement personnel.
Information Overload is a Podcast dedicated to exploring the Scientific, Quirky, and Strange side of the world. Listen, Learn, Explore!
Hockeypodden vil ut på veien. Besøke klubber og lage sendinger der det skjer. Kan du støtte oss slik at vi kan kjøpe opptaksutstyr?
Avid sports fans who can provide viable opinions need a professional platform to discuss their favorite team. Equal representation too!
A show dedicated to bringing exposure to up and coming country artists to 90+ countries, sharing their music with humor and attitude
We need to raise funds to get an LPFM station on the air. Our town has less than 2000 people and no local radio to cover events.
Help the innovative and well loved internet radio station Hive Mind Radio Network relaunch and keep up with changing technology
Internet talk show empowers women with hope, courage, confidence and tools to live life to the fullest and realize all of their dreams.
AudioZeitgeist is creating three innovative podcasts on therapy, literature, and autism stories.

facebook.com/AudioZeitgeist
1001 Heroes, Legends, Histories & Mysteries Podcast Season II is a fast-paced, compelling show that educates, informs, and entertains.
THE FIRST CARIBBEAN COMMUNITY RADIO STATION IN CALIFORNIA NEEDS YOUR HELP TO EXPAND CULTURAL TOGETHERNESS IN CALIFORNIA.
We are going to begin to remaster, convert to mp3 and transcribe the “Lost Lectures” of Neville Goddard over the next 6-12 months.
Taihape Internet Radio Project !! We need your help! Be a part of our success and donate! It's the Music & You
A webseries that showcases live, independent artists in our studio and our behind-the-scenes fight against corporate radio.
An Audio Drama that continues the story of 4 friends and their Table-top RPG adventures.
Creating a dynamic radio ministry that urges people who are far from God to draw near to Him by faith.
Support the Soon to be Award Winning Shows from Creative Zombie Studios. Bringing new storytellers to the world.
Rebel Radio is the official podcast of trustmeimajedi.com!  We want it to be bigger & better for you all!  Every bit helps!
A non mainstream educational internet television station broadcasted to community members and neighbors in an outdoor theater setting.
One-Quest.com wants to fill your ears with all kinds of audio goodness. Podcasting is our dream and you're our only hope!
I am exited to to launch a 2 hour Radio Show starting Jan 2014 Fri. from 8PM to 10PM PST every week. called "Conspiracy Live" BBS Radio
An Internet radio station that will inspire you with music from the roots of humanity. Timeless sounds delivered digitally 24/7.
We talk about video games, music, fashion, & gadgets.
The world's first interactive social media show shouting-out followers across the web while reporting the latest news, gossip and more.
Help bring back the Jamie and Knox Bachelor / Bachelorette podcast recaps.
We need your help creating a website and to upgrade our video/audio equipment. So we can provide you with the best content.
A No Agenda CD double-disc set featuring the deconstruction of the Six Week Cycle theory. One audio CD and an Extended MP3 CD.
I would like to start an event of storytellers, and a free podcast from the best stories presented that month.
A lively,occasionally vulgar romp thru Sports, Ent, Politics,and Culture thru the eyes of 2 "jaded" but comical jocks! Strike A Pose!!!
4 of your best friends talking college football. Yes, we're your best friends.
We are a group of dedicated local team members keen to set up a local radio station to serve the Chesham Community.
A lighthearted and entertaining podcast featuring sports talk.
Better Call Saul podcast. Pre-premiere news and analysis, weekly show review, and show interim info - all by 3 guys you don't know of
Alternative internet cricket commentary service covering Test and one-day cricket from around the world, including the 2015 World Cup.
I'm creating a 7 day a week podcast sharing quotes from histories most inspirational people. We need to upgrade our equipment!
A weekly radio program featuring new authors and breakthrough novels distributed free to broadcast media and podcasts.
the website/podcast will be a place where new writers can get articles published along side my own insight & weekly on air advice.
Basement Nerd Network bringing you all things nerdy. We're not your normal nerds. We will cover sports, movies, gaming, and more.
Dopple Avenue Hurt is a spoof noir podcast that follows the adventures of P.I. James Keyes in Brentwood Heights, Illinois.
Wildfire Radio is an independent media outlet that offers an  unbiased platform for fans of all things to share thoughts and opinions.
Daily Podcast Show about How to Quit the 9-5 Grind and Make Money Doing What You Love ...
I'm a blind vision scientist and entrepreneur. I want my discussions with doctors & researchers to be heard by blind people everywhere.
Five strangers awake to find themselves trapped in a strange environment.  Soon they discover they're not safe...and they're not alone!
Spreading the good news of Jesus, through the vehicle of Soccer.  Support needed to buy radio airtime in new markets, for show to grow.
Ever wonder what it is like working for the "Happiest Place on Earth?" Get the inside scoop from those who have worked there!
Wanting to laugh at some of your favorite movies from time forgot? Well thats what we're here for! Help get us started so we may laugh!
A bi-weekly podcast of the coolest stories from history, the things you never learned in school.
A2 Community Radio is a grassroots initiative organized to secure a low power radio license serving local audiences in Ann Arbor, MI.
If you want to hear a source for suppressed or ridiculed facts on mainstream radio, this is your way to make it happen.
We'll produce THE audiodocumentary that makes you travel and dive into the Balkan folk dances with us. LETS WEAR THE HEADPHONES!
Online show that brings you the newest songs that are trending all over the world and the top 20 countdown!
The Real Brother Radio Show is a daily broadcast on the Empowerment Radio Network, Satilite & Internet radio stations.
Comedian Wiley Roberts and his celebrity guests riff on topical subjects, their lives/careers, WHATEVER! It's ALL fair game!
Zest Radio is here to provide our listeners with the music they love at times that are suitable to them. We want to change Online Radio
Porkchop Express Podcast featuring the opinions and comments of a group of liberally minded, self described geniuses.
We are a couple of guys who talk about geeky stuff - like, comic books, music, movies and T.V.
In 2007, Clear Channel Media & Entertainment stole our beloved WFMX-FM from us, and this project is going to try and help it come back
Welcome to Rideshare Diva's podcast, your source for all things related to Lyft, Uber, sharing economy, and Chicago.
We are a small business networking group who has launched an internet radio show spotlighting small business owners.
We're trying to raise money for new podcast equipment!
Ghosts Flaunted is the first in a series of humorous, macabre and mysterious radio plays in the style of the Golden Age of Radio.
Inked Geek Studios is a new Podcast company. Currently working on getting out first project off the ground
Drunken Literates, the podcast everyone loves to ignore, is soliciting funding for our fifth episode, Crowd Funding and Panhandling.
Bringing people together who look for products that are made with a level of pride and quality that means it "Must Be Made In The USA".
A group of 3 friends who host a podcast called 3FPC We however have lost access to our recording facility and need new microphones
Will this be the greatest podcast of all time??.....Look, i don't have all the answers all the time but what I will say is this....nope
Celebrate your love for Smallville and all things Superman with this one-of-a-kind Smallvilletalk Podcast T-shirt!
Have you ever seen something just ridiculous and thought to yourself, "that is the worst". Well we are turning that into a podcast.
Our mission is to help you build a passion for science, while teaching you new and cool stuff. We strive to make sure you understand.
Some nerds and comedians talking about gaming, comics, movies, pop culture, comedy, fantasy, sci-fi, and much more!
Help support a new season of Crew Call - the podcast about, by, and for those crew members who do all the work but get so little glory.
A Trusted Life Coach Inspires, Informs and Energizes Men with free weekly podcasts and website.
Turning a passion into my purpose! The RS Podcast for Entrepreneur's with an Athlete's mindset.
This is a podcast that covers the news in the wrestling world from two passionate guys about the entire world of wrestling!
Nowhere California is a nerdy and, often, off color love letter to pop culture. Now, we stand at an evolution of our revolution.
This is the world's first online radio station devoted completely to people with Parkinson's disease, and those who love them.
Nice To Know You is a new podcast series focused on sharing stories from some of my closest friends.
We are attempting to generate funds to have a show 5 days a week instead of one.  We focus on helping both personally and in business.
Weekly Wedding Podcast to feature brides, grooms and other wedding pros to help couples out there relax. Launching our shop Fall 2016.
TheBocX.com a 24/7 streaming web-radio station, spins an eclectic mix of jazz, blues and R&B seeks support to spread the Groove!
Incorporate tactics of modern day communication to create a platform for small businesses & entrepreneurs to share their message.
Chronic illness heavily affects quality of life, especially self-love and relationships. Support us as we shed light on this topic!
Help Planet Arbitrary become an entertainment ecosystem & producer that can help starting-up Podcasts and bloggers share their ideas!
Since approved by FCC for our lpfm radio station it is time to build Manchester's community radio.
En relations podcast om att leva med depression och panikångest.
The best of New Sports Radio all in one place!  This is the Sports Radio you've been waiting for!  www.SportsJAMNetwork.com
Keep this lively, spontaneous hour of interviews on the air!
A podcast talking about sports, gaming, music, and more!
3 High School Friends Come Together to Fill the Cup...of Knowledge; Comedy podcast covering all aspects of geek culture and news
A collection of outrageous sketches and songs written and performed by Bryant Karnes and his posse of comedic virtuosos.
Inspired by a podcast about why public education "sucks," a teacher discusses educational reform with peers, students, and parents.
Six Sigma equals variance corrections and Success Factors equals interpersonal connections.  Measure your success then improve results.
beeRadio, het leukste internet radiostation van Nederland en België is op zoek naar hulp! Kun jij ons helpen?
Waveform Radio will be the new cutting edge internet station based in Orange County with content like you've never heard before!
RodeoCountryRadio.com is features great country music blended with rodeo stories & interviews.
We want to upgrade all of our podcasts to the highest level possible for our listeners.  This gives us 4 mics and full studio quality.
13 week series: new show on existing blog radio network. Weekly show to include authors writing for Children, Middle Grades and Teens.
Three friends with different talents come together to produce live entertainment in a unique way.
The Read Me Rant Podcast Show is the brain child of friends Luke and Anton for them to share their closed minded comedic opinion!
A West Michigan comedy podcast aiming to take our small business to the next level. Let's spread the lake shore across the globe!
A dating sim visual novel audio book that will be released as a podcast with a flavorful cast of characters and stories to choose from.
The Land Of Confusion Show is a multi media program that will focus on topics from ancient aliens to the zombie apocalypse.
Preserving the Blues Legends - (A modern day Alan Lomax Project)
We are a rag tag group of Movie/TV/Gaming Geeks with a podcast and a small audience and we just want it to sound professional.
Enriched Media is about to get a GIANT face lift, surging with never-before-seen effects.
A new generation of information media outlet a unbiased perspective on current political and social issues from around the world
This is a comedy sketch show that aims to tickle your laughter bones.
A book that was born from a question people ask me all the time...
After the murder of his grandfather Daryl embarks on an epic adventure in this original science fiction audio drama production.
ClubZone.FM is looking to rebuild its studios to bring live music & entertainment to you, we need your help!
The pest control industry needs a podcast promoting professionals in a fun and entertaining way. We need The Pest Assassin Podcast.
Help us to build a history webbsite and poddcast
I am writing a journalistic piece on my three years at UNLV.  Hoping to get funds for publishing/book tour/etc
Beach Life Radio's goal is to provide a national online radio station for local musicians to showcase their music and support the arts.
We are an internet Southern Gospel Radio Station.  Contributions are needed to keep the station running for the next 12 months.
Join us in our podcast as we follow our investigators as they unravel devilish plots, using the Call of Cthulhu 6th Edition rules.
Hot Wire Radio! "Your 24hr Urban Music Station" Playing Live DJ's Across the World!
This daily interview podcast of religious powerhouses is your lifeline, community and guide to personal & professional development.
Raising funds for much needed upgrades to our station. We've had a great start, now we need help to take it to the next level.
I am in the process of starting a beer blog as well as podcast.  I've got a great team of people and a lot of exciting ideas!
In The Chair is a weekly podcast about Freemasonry and is suitable for Freemasons, as well anyone looking to find out more about it.
Project to train young presenters and journalists from Gaza to produce a radio programme about their home - “7 minutes from Palestine”
Dead Oaks is a horror anthology podcast by Bonzecast Productions created for horror-lovers and written by YOU!
A variety radio show and podcast - saving Planet Earth one character at a time, among other entertainment endeavors.
One on one with Veterans, Veterans advocates, Veterans benefits providers & lawmakers. With intel & history on current Veterans issues.
We want to build a radio station studio for Baylor University, run by students for students.
Why? Ever had a brief conversation with a teacher or another parent that left you laughing, relieved, and inspired? That's why.
Daniel Kaufman's 20-part series about life on earth and how to live it. This is your chance to be part of it and feel all warm inside.
We want to do a podcast that offers commentary on all things nerd. Television, movies, video games, comics. You like it, we love it.
There are no nerdy things. There are only nerdy people.
Crafted  Metal seeks to increase it's ability  to give back to the independent  artist . Through  the purchase  of  updated  equipment.
Please donate generously to help us get 3 microphones and mixing deck to give you a better sounding podcast.
Feeling stuck and sick of the struggle in life?  Find answers to your problems! Nineteen experts sharing hope with the world!
You know us, you love us; now help us turn Two Artsy Gals into a podcast that pays for itself.
A comedy podcast involving rants, skits, social commentary and whatever random crap we come up with.
Embrace the Spoilers continues with Jocelyn Moffett and Garrett Weinzierl spoiling multiple movies this Winter season!
Your help will take this show to the next level with theme reviews, developer interviews, training videos, support forums and more.
The Better Parent Minute is the daily, national, radio show that delivers powerful wisdom from the world's greatest parenting experts.
In this satirical podcast we discus current events and relate them to Peter Gabriel's music (with a touch of comedy).
We would like to send Ste 'Beard' Lea to Japan to create an episode of his radio show 'Beard's Asian Tour'.
A Podcast discussing literature with guests.  The idea is like your normal book club, with new members each week (my students too)
Earn an Executive Producer credit on Season 6 of CBS Radio's 5 Season hit show, Zodiac Divas with Butch Patrick. www.zodiacdivas.com
A local podcast bringing together the diverse voices of Durham. Featuring spoken word, candid interviews, and critical issues.
Audio books meet radio plays and bring literature alive for everyone.
This project is a podcast about all types of movies and video games.  We cover all areas from reviews, upcoming titles and news.
If you've ever been conflicted about your orientation and your religion, let's fix that. You are who you are and what you are is OK.
Neue Audiohardware für die Fortführung von "A Storm of Brains" Game of Thrones Diskussionsformates und weiteren Podcastformaten.
We will be launching an internet radio station focused on Christian music and promoting Christian events in Wisconsin.
A project to interview different types of leaders to show leadership is nuanced. Leadership is diverse and innovative.
Journey with Benji and Sasha in a fledgling world as they adjust from living wild to being members of a family.
Honest, irreverent and anonymous! The South's favorite podcast featuring 3 dudes and a chick who open up their lives every week.
To convert from cassette format to digital format "The Last Stagecoach To Tombstone" 12 Volume fully dramatized audiobook series
We have an existing podcast, Youtube channel, and growing fanbase (we're looking at you, Pakistan) We'd like to improve our equipment.
Radio Global is a multicultural station with the main objective of spreading the music of independent artists.
Generous Life Radio started roughly 18 months ago as a fun Blogtalk Radio show. Now we have an opportunity to reach MILLIONS!
Whether you're a musician, long time concert-goer or just curious about classical music, this show is for you!
The Nonprofit Journal to Launch World's First Nonprofit Radio Channel 'Nonprofit Talk Worldwide'
Real. Rap. Raw. Community News Fashion Music Interviews Discover Discuss Deliver- real life info that you can connect and inspire with.
A podcast exploring the country for things uniting these great states and making each one stand out.
The Baptist War is the story of the 1831 slave rebellion in Jamaica that forced the 1834 emancipation
A weekly, hour long podcast about whole living, yoga, and being a parent in the real world.
Help me record an audiobook version of Alice's Adventures in Wonderland for its 150th anniversary.
Shackle Cast is a podcast that aims to open the eyes of its Korean audiences.
Help Make The Best Internet Radio Station Online, Playing the hits from the 80s, 90s and Today
A business self-education website tailored toward the next generation. Giving individuals the tools necessary to become successful.
Help us raise money to buy professional recording gear to improve the quality of our podcasts!
Publishing a book about the UnDrafted athletes that have overcome life's challenges and difficulties for the love of their sport.
In order to get my podcast "Spinning The Black Circle With Pablon" going, I need certain tools to fulfill my vision.
Horace Kentucky has had quite a large number of cases throughout spacetime, but its time to spread the word of his adventures.
The collision of Entrepreneurship & Entertainment. Empowering your mindset. so you can TAKE ACTION and CHANGE YOUR WORLD!
We are getting a home-based internet radio station to the next level in order to become a full time broadcasting station
People want to hear entertainment that is edgy, sensible and interesting and this is exactly what “The Shade” has to offer.
We want to make you uncomfortable. Help us sound better, reach farther and continue thriving in an environment filled with bad taste.
Upgrade a local broadcast station for high school sports and local activities in an area ignored by large broadcast stations
Free-form podcast that discusses any and every topic in simple easy to digest lists of 3.
Something's wrong. Friends, family, everyone. They've become extremely violent. Experience the horror in 5.1 Surround Sound.
Would you like to hear the most-practical points in your favorite non-fiction books? Let me read, analyze, and explain in a podcast!
ZEN commuter is a weekday self-help podcast aimed at making your a.m. commute calmer and inspirational. A better you is the goal!
This is to get a .com website for the show. Because I can never remember the current one when I have to say it at the end of the show.
Soulful Vagina Adventure podcast for women who need their bras blown off!
Praise The Lord Is a Christian Gospel Music Podcast That airs all over the United States and all over the world.
I decided to create a podcast to get peoples perspectives on inspiration. things that inspire them and everyday life and current events
In order to pursue the full time creation of new videos, podcasts, and written content for www.MCMDaily.com.
Wiki whack podcast fun Indiana new Albany help bored spend more time with friends and family love iMac Wikipedia
Bringing fascinating stories of ancient Persian kings to the masses by recording them as an audio book in both English and Persian
British radio station dedicated to playing the latest & greatest artists. Aiming to launch live studio programming from Liverpool.
No Ink Necessary is a Internet based radio station that has a desire to be the platform for Independent artists to spread their music.
Ever joined a book club? This is like that! Join us as we play video games in chunks, then get together to discuss our experiences!
Dungeon Matrix is a DnD podcast that is growing into a high production podcast.
We aren't about being the best, but being better than yesterday. A good laugh and great information promised in every episode. Support?
With this student-run radio station, we will create a legacy for Lynchburg College and a creative space for its students.
Help the Liberal Dan Radio Program expand through the end of the 2013 year.
Sports-meets-comedy-meets-marriage podcast asks for your support, allowing Gary to run 26 fantasy football teams in the 2015 season.
We want to bring you closer to the world of sports and the athletes that are competing at the highest level.
Analyzing humanities reasoning/motivations/inspirations behind our most microscopic decisions & the complex understanding of existence.
Fudge Times is a comedy podcast about living in Asheville NC and all the unique things that transpire on the daily.
No talking points or agendas allowed. Only experienced guests and the most topical issues in the political world of Washington, DC.
Wanderlust is an independent internet radio station showcasing rare and beautiful music from around the globe.
At FFR Media, we're looking to broadcast the upcoming 2013 football season for Bedford High School in Temperance, MI. We need your help
Help Liberal Dan Radio expand listeners and reach through the end of 2014.
Broadcast shows & amplify hosts overlooked by big networks. Promote diverse talent and unique storytelling between the coasts.
Since '05 The Geekcast podcast has produced 260+ episodes. We're looking to upgrade our servers, purchase equipment and hold giveaways.
Our podcast is picking up a growing audience, and we want to bring more features to the site such as live web broadcast and remote recording.
A few die hard nfl fans on the wrong side of the pond will bring you debate news and American football related banter!
Everything sounds better when its read by 'Morgan Freeman' right?
An epic tale read by the voice that sounds like: Morgan Freeman.
Pull the Tights Podcast is an audio internet show that discusses pro wrestling, sex, drugs, rock n' roll and everything in between!
Two new horror and suspense podcasts, one fiction one non-fiction, with tales of horror and beauty with dramatic readings.
Student capstones are often fascinating but sadly overlooked. We’re helping students spread their work by bringing it straight to you.
The Tibet Connection is the only English language public radio program about the people, culture, politics and religion of Tibet.
Anything Ghost is a popular podcast that I created in 2006. I seek to publish a book of some of the stories along with illustrations.
I have almost completed a set of free audio lessons for the General Education Development  test now I need to  get it to the libraries
Story Talk is a new website/app platform where users will be listen to professionally produced stories for their enjoyment.
Keep "Our Kind Of Music" - an online radio program of Americana music, interviews, and more - alive and on the air through 2014!
Faith Radio Wisconsin will bring the Christian community together with a large variety of music, talk and events. Locally focused
Rotterdam zit zonder lokale radio zender en wij willen die lokale radio zender voor Rotterdam zijn op commerciële basis.
Revolutionizing radio & bringing back old-fashioned personal interaction with wit & sarcasm in a comfortable & relaxing pub atmosphere.
An x cons extraordinary journey to inner peace, a truly remarkable read that will change your life for ever


-Return to Happiness
Breaking through the surface of traditional thinking
We want to help church leaders & their spouses globally become resilient & healthy thru ebooks, podcast, courses, tools & members site.
Help bring Albert's voice to life!  Support the audiobook production of the Albert Pabek Thriller series, beginning with THE OWNER.
It's the show your mother warned you about! Dedicated to the strange, bizarre and odd.
The Tyger - Enoree River Alliance is launching WHMR - LP 96.5 FM Radio in Whitmire, SC.
Disaster Area is a podcast about disasters throughout history -- the causes, the events, and the people they impact.
Death Valley Radio's goal is to provide Death Valley National Park and the surrounding area with a community radio station.
Somos un proyecto independiente el cuál carece de recursos para realizar bien nuestro trabajo como medio de comunicación.
Meet talented songwriters as they perform their works and discuss the craft of songwriting, as well as their life as an artist.
We are making a podcast about people who have faced incredible challenges and found the willpower to overcome them. All true stories.
The Shamash is the light that lights all others. This is the place for your Jewish stories. Tell them, pass them on. Share the light.
Behold 3D Podcast: Year One
Served weekly for the creative and innovative.
Southern Stories is a show that explores the South from individual perspectives via interviews with people from various walks of life.
A cast of voice actors bring a series of audio stories to the world in a serial podcast.
Can YOU ARTFULLY pick music in a way that everyone who hears it says WOW? SHOW the WORLD on OUR ISLAND RADIO STATION. And help us GROW!
The Waterproof Sponge is a podcast that lets you listen to my nonsense in an audio format vice real life. That's easy, am I right?!?
A very unique radio/TV station already up and running but has growing pains....help
A web-based interactive radio station providing a showcase for local community groups, local talent,unsigned bands and music production
Hi we are WretchedTech and we want to be able to do Podcasts about Technology and Gaming as well as lets plays and reveiws
We are WretchedTech a weekly podcast to talk about tech news reviews and more...
Our goal is to bring the world of gaming, past, present and future to you in a weekly podcast. We will also bring weekly videos.
Söt & Smart är en non-profit podcast och en plattform där kvinnor, queers och transpersoner villkorslöst får ta plats.
Hunnicoutcast is an Podcast partnered with The G.C.R.N.   I've recorded a few "list Casts".  This will be a top list book.
Please help support our weekly podcast! We want to travel and bring our show to live events and do paranormal investigations in 2017!!
Better gear is needed for my one-man outdoor-related podcast to improve  the production quality of the radio show, blogs and videos.
Create step by step how to start a business with little to no money. An evolution of the modern day working man. Books, guides,video
Help Me attain Co-writer status! I create inspired poetic phrase & want the opportunity to make a melody with Anuhea so Life can jam!
A place where millions of people who suffer from depression can discreetly go and hopefully find some hope.
Podcast where musician's that's just starting up can connect!
National sports talk carries the same stories, same guests, same material. StatsNation wants to change all that for the better.
Sharing my random thoughts and useless information that I come across on a weekly basis. Information that can be useful to you one day!
Interviewing the politicians and people in Hawai`i's political universe.
A events page like no other that has daily updates, supports small business and events as well as offering recording for musical artist
Producing websites and podcasts that help the millions of  Amputees learn how to deal with daily life and have fun with each other.
ATLANTA's #1 HIP HOP RADIO SHOW! A mix of Howard Stern "LIVE" from a RAP CONCERT "STRIP CLUB" after party. www.StreetWatchRadio.com
Sugarstride Podcast is helping runners be on top of their game by posting weekly episodes with great interviews and tips an training.
A Podcast exploring & reintroducing the rich tradition of The Church to post-modern Christianity one dead guy at a time!
Radio Talk Show for Teens, Parents, and Educators.  Weekly topic driven show with experts and authors in the field of teen issues.
A simple, inclusive, entertaining Chicago website. Content to include: Bulls coverage - Creative arts - Music - Meetups - Startups
A podcast about people who either love or hate their nine to five job. Those who love it will inspire, hate will make us laugh.
The Noisy Cavern Podcast, where rising musicians come to perform live intimate sessions followed by Q&A's.
Bubble Shake Magazine | Home of urban entertainment http://www.bubbleshake.com/
Out of this World Radio is the fastest growing psychic, metaphysical, and UFO program in the world, with listeners in over 60 countries
From 2006-2008, BWR was a huge project with thousands of downloads. It's not over... Find out how to help reboot it!
The Sativa Experience Podcast a merge between pot culture and pop culture
Build a mobile music / film studio for people in remote areas an opportunity to share their visions. Help me help dreams come true.
I want to start a podcast talking about depression and suicide to help teens and adolescents with depression and thoughts of suicide
Podcast about history, now called herstory, and all the lies we learned in school. Truth seeking and speaking.
Independent Radio 559 is bringing together some of the most talented independent musician's out there. Talent is what we have!
C.D. Format and On-Line Course on

 "A Student Reading of the Ageless Wisdom"

Psycho-Spirituality of Be-ness/Psychology 2025 A.D.
New media website focused on the DMV
We are two guys who are trying to become the new radio stars of Norway with our podcast. All we need now is exposure and some new gear.
Hustle or Go Broke Radio/TV will be a platform for up and coming indie artists to reach the masses with their music. INDIES GET HEARD
We love the show and we want to bring it to you our content at a higher quality.  Every coin helps and we appreciate you!
we are 25 volunteers who runs a local radio station and transmits 30 hours of radio per week. We want to move to new locations.
Laughs and more laughs!
We are a podcast where three guys will talk about sort of topical things for a bit and pepper in a lot of jokes.
TELC is about a simple mission statement: leadership isn't about changing the world - although it has the potential to.
Season 2 of TFS will take us on a 6 month tour of the SW and West coast to interview and host events with entrepreneurs & artists
Sex, Drugs, and Biotech: Welcome to the future, where the only escape is at the tip of a dream needle.
Long live independent media! Social web/mobile platform that unites world-wide non-commercial college & community radio.
A new podcast by, for, and about the crew.
It's time for a professional quality show! Help us make that happen!
Jordan Maxwell -- Preeminent Author, Lecturer, Radio Host, & Researcher in the Field of the Occult and Conspiracies
Our team of copywriters, editors, and artists are going from providing on-demand content for clients to launching a series of podcasts.
We are a ministry with the goal of equipping and encouraging those in Christ while also ministering to those on the outside.
Launch of a commercial-free online station to reconnect radio with the community via a unique blend of music and public service.
Through F(our) Eyes is a comedic, cultural podcast adventure that includes fun bits like Mom Talk and Slim Pickins: Hipster Detective.
DJ’s Grandpa’s Crib is gearing up for an exciting Season 2 with new projects and  fresh expanded services, but first we need your help.
Clearview Community Radio serves the residents of Clearview Township with music and local information that matter to the community.
I create TONS of podcasts, but my desktop is from 2008! Help me upgrade and create more awesome content for your listening pleasure!
The podcast that combines CNN with Mad Magazine, while mixing utter nonsense with a bit of Howard Stern. Media to entertain the masses.
A new public radio show covering news, politics & culture in between California & the eastern seaboard. No more "flyover country".
Ever wanted to listen to a podcast on the way to or from work and relax?  Well look no further, CheddarGames podcasts can do just that.
The fans have requested them and we want to meet their demands.  We want to have a run of shirts for the fans.
Need a little more Skipper Ben and Princess Lisa in your life? Then pull up a seat to the Disney Debate Podcast!
Today's student-athletes need positive role models. This book and these Podcasts will help them secure a roster spot in Heaven.
Multi-episode romantic suspense Audible drama
“Closing the Loop" is a radio show about how people deal with change, told in their own voices. Gripping, funny, and inspirational.
"Pled" is a true crime podcast that is unafraid to investigate and report on the mess that people can make their lives and others.
Bring back Radio Rich! Help Rich make a transition from commercial radio to broadcasting on the net!
We're making a podcast talking about and having a laugh at sport - AFL, MMA, motorsport, cricket and whatever else is in the news.
was a test one
It's been 35 years! Strangers reconnect on social media. After a  midlife crisis, they reluctantly agree to recreate the past!
They can be as different as Night and Day, but there are two things that they have in common.  Music and Cold Beer
The Blend will be the first radio station that will truly represent the diverse people of London.
To bring the joy of Santa Clause to as many children as possible with free one on one live web chats.
A free podcast service about global food culture and culinary travel
WE JUST LAUNCHED THE "RAPID FIRE RADIO" INTERNET RADIO STATION FOR ALL TO ENJOY! NOW WE NEED SOME HELP TO KEEP US GOING........
Podcasts that make sense of the evolving green economy: 
smart, researched, important, entertaining.
Hockey centric podcast that doesn't leave out the ladies!
A new Podcast series for discussing Magic the Gathering formats, premier events, upcoming releases and more!
Medication Time is the cure to all that is wrong in the world.
A retro gaming hobbyist podcast where we discuss our favorite past and present arcades, games and memories.
Rotterdam zit nu zonder lokale radio zender. Via kickstarter willen wij de lokale omroep professionaliseren.
WASDRadio.com is an online radio station featuring game developer interviews, geek chat, radio dramas, and music playing 24/7
A second season for the best podcast by, for, and about the crew.
Relationship Podcast based on our funny and interesting edventures and lives #Help #Ican'tWecan
We want to bring Chelmsford a new local radio service called City Sound online via podcasts / streaming and on FM.
The Nonprofit Journal to Launch World's First Nonprofit Radio Channel
'Nonprofit Talk Worldwide'
En relations podcast om att leva med depression och panikångest
I want to create a podcast about real creativity and how to optimize it in children and adults through modeling and extensive research.
You vote, we broadcast. Help create an international open space for the first-ever radio that is entirely defined by you the listener.
A podcast radio drama about an intergalactic sex advice show on a day that things go terribly awry.
Do you like video games, art & content creation, or anything else at all? Then you'll love our podcast series!
Funding provides budget to automate & perfect the template for  National branding w/ licensing opportunities; sponsors notified first!
Help our podcast get back on the air! We need funds to buy equipment, web storage and fruit!
A group of ordinary Canadians, given extraordinary powers, must protect the gods from themselves, while policing their inner demons.
A blend of science, adventure stories, and interviews with unconventional thinkers who believe the riskiest choice is playing it safe!
The U-Rock Network™ is looking for a modest amount to cover our start up cost while we build accounts. We got gear. We need gas money!
The little voice in your head that still pronounces the g in "bologna" wants to make a podcast.
The show exposes Support Scams, de-mystifies technical concepts and explains them in plain English in order to empower consumers.
Podcast to educate and discuss philosophical issues of our time. The podcast focuses on relevant topics and stirs original thought.
I've been working on building a podcast to educate folks on Homesteading, Permaculture, and Survivalism to develop a better society.
We are a Elder Scrolls lore and role play related podcast, that releases an episode every week for free on Itunes/Android.
Revealed for the first time is a hidden history of Earth and our solar system influenced by extraterrestrials then and today.
The biggest most expensive podcast in the world where the kickstarter community sets the limit of experiences.
Seeking $$ for professional Marketing to help Hispanics' English pronunciation skills, through our Internet Radio (MTI)
Reflektor is a channel and website that introduce to you the latest tech, hardware, feed out there in the world.
Small Business Pod Cast Business Targeted to Independent Music artist who can have the chance to get there music heard and advertised o
