MTS ASL Curriculum Workbook is a reproducible study book to build Early Literacy and Academic skills for primary school age children.
This kit teaches how to print, correct an ugly grasp, and how to make sure your child's fine motor skills are kindergarten ready!
Establishing a free, world-class, public library which will be a center  for curating and disseminating knowledge in Nigeria.
Goal: Introducing a new word into the English language/dictionary.
Reason: The beauty of the English language is the freedom to create.
Zu den Artikeln der DSGVO sind die korrespondierenden Erwägungsgründe und die vergleichbaren Regelungen aus dem BDSG gegenüber gestellt
Shadow School Board will provide parents & taxpayers a "how-to manual" to restore accountability to your school district's real board.
I want to create an organization that is composed of selfless people who are dedicated to prevent HIV related deaths and transmission.
Group of passionate and eager students gaining experience in the Stock market through research, collaboration and hard work.
V.I.P.-Architecture shows the most iconic, the most famous and most important buildings of our planet in one book.
A collection of plays, screenplays, and photographs from the productions written by Ross Wells, Texas playwright, director, and actor.
a book that talks about and demonstrates a hackintosh build, the pros/cons and legal status and an analysis compared to the mac pro
This magazine is purposed to allow high school students the opportunity to explore their future and determine "What's Next".
E-Learning Plattform Fachbereich Mathematik. Bildung für jeden soll keine Idee sein. Mathe, das Haterfach Nr.1, das muss nicht sein.
IWTLE is a textbook designed to teach English to adult learners new to the language starting with the fundamentals rooted in phonics.
I am building video classes in Economics that are intuitive, visually pleasing and theoretically sound.
The Law of True Life, Greatness, Power and Happiness
TRU'NATION is a venture design to support adolescent students (in middle school and high school) from urban communities achieve success
To add advanced measurements of significant swords to my website Sword-Site.Com by travelling to the world's important collections.
40 Hadith. 40 Months. Ended: 40th B-day. I reflected on, researched, and implemented ~40 Hadith By Imam Nawawi
A serious, readable commentary, the first chapter is free at mmcdonald77.wordpress.com. The book publisher requires this amount, + fee.
First volume of rigorous yet open-access research on anarchism and religion - seeking funding to cover production costs.
This book is about independent restaurants that feature organic food on their menus in metropolitan cities in the United States.
Redefining Normal is the journey of a mother and son breaking down barriers for physically challenged kids in the school system.
A handwriting workbook based on the science of neuroplasticity that achieves dramatic results in only 40 days.
A self improvement guide for the Hispanic readers to help in personal life goals, development and achievement.  For life and business.
Durch eine umweltpädagogische Ausbildung, möchte ich allen Altersgruppen unsere heimische Natur näher bringen.
This fundraiser is the first step in fulfilling a lifelong dream. Funds raised to be used for production and publishing of my book.
You're going to learn portugues easy and quick without those boring schoolar books and bad grammar!
Navigate Bitcoin and invest in your future. This 6 book series demystifies the basics, trade, exchange and integration of Bitcoin.
With direct knowledge of the Mind, a person uses this unlimited internal asset in significantly healthier, productive ways.
One of the biggest hurdle to PSLE success is confidence. Mock tests give your chlid the opportunity to practice under timed condition.
Reason X is a subscription based accountability tool for motivated, driven humans who are looking to stay on track towards their goals.
Proyecto de excavación arqueológica,para identificar mediante los restos, la variedad de plantas y alimentos usados en la subsistencia.
Stylish booklet to celebrate decentralized learning through community building. Funds will go towards our grants program!
For my masters thesis, I want to go to Rwanda to research state mandated equal representation and its effects on perceptions of women.
A textbook on logic, critical thinking, and philosophy, for high school and college students. Updated, expanded, and free for everyone.
A book to defend the freedom & liberty of our values in the West. UK focused but covers events & policies in other countries as well.
This will become a developing in-class/online course for community colleges under the Psychology/Sociology track.
Breakthrough New Chronology places people, artefacts and events on more probable positions on the time axis and locations .
Further research to publish a book. Building upon my existing articles on "www.theworkingatom.com" which includes the God Particle.
In 25 years I've learned a lot about life and work. Writing down my insights about applied philosophy is a dream I want to fulfill.
I need your help to bring to life a massive, 13-volume series on the world's most endangered vertebrates.
An advanced jazz education book for musicians of all ages who are struggling in their quest to play meaningful solos.
Let's ensure anyone can join the conversions that effect you, me, and the ones we love.
A free online learning centre for all ages of student to cover the various topics of science.  Periodic Table, teaching articles.
A comparative etymological dictionary of core vocabulary across nine of the most prominent Germanic languages.
The Good Credit Series is a guide to understanding credit, student loans, mortgages, credit cards, and repairing damaged credit.
Black American History Biographies and Workbook is a compilation about some of the greatest black achievers in American history.
We create high quality, interactive training to help you improve your skills in project management, business analysis, and more!
Music Tragedy - This book ends untraceable music. Fund this book and never ask again who wrote that song?
With the launch of the Africa Study Bible, Africans will have a vital resource that relates Scripture to the African heart.
I need your help to create data analysts, statisticians, econometricians and economists.
The Cartoon Crossover Encyclopedia is a reference guide to crossovers within animation that demonstrate a shared reality.
The Numberland Virtual Library is a place to read and find new writers from all around the world. The Library is also a starship.
I have an opportunity to study in Paris, France's University Sorbonne. It would help my future professional and academic development.
I sat one day and thought, "What would make my community better?" My answer? What better way to build a community than with knowledge?
What do people think? Is the law relevant? Is the legal system clear transparent fair?  Or only as deep as your pockets? Have your say!
The great 1965 paper of the architectural theorist Christopher Alexander, published as a student resource with new commentaries.
A new motivational and inspirational approach to addiction and mental health
Too many people let love slip by and many others never identify the right partner.
Saggio sulla frattura nei legami delle famiglie transnazionali, risultato di una ricerca psicosociale di carattere internazionale.
An original fully interactive digital mathematics textbook for first-year college students.
Learn French through swearing, a diverse and engaging online course where you actually learn french, using the words you want to learn
Imagine you had a different head of your organization every 2 years.  This book will tackle why leaders stay in the urban ed setting.
You're partnering in a book that will show the practical steps of how to reach your goals. A simple but effective book for everyone.
Patrons immortalized with naming of new earthworm species.
Curriculum and resource tools for fun games that allow children to experience life-transforming biblical truths!
A simple, daily program that helps students be at their best through focused, intentional thought, funded by family subscriptions.
I believe SUCCESS is a mindset, and after five years of research I believe I have masterfully WRITEN THE BOOK OF CHANGE AND SUCCESS....
Concorde is arguably one of the greatest aircraft of all time and we're remastering her flying manuals perfectly, from scratch!
More than just a revision guide - a study aide. Two eBooks for GCSE and A level Chemistry, covering the 3 main exam boards' courses.
Con tan solo un clic le damos la oportunidad a todos de aprender y/ o mejorar su francés de forma sencilla y divertida.
Finding Faith in Science
Purpose of this project is to introduce the Three Dimensions Fengshui (三元地理) of Han Wu Sect (漢五派) theories to non-Chinese communities
On a June night in 1985, a 26 year old man, walking home through Montrose, was gunned down in a 4 day crime spree. He was my friend.
Advance science and the wellbeing of deaf and bilingual children and their families through research at the University of Edinburgh.
Finally! Manuals For Mastering The Righteous Christian Life; With Specific Directions To Literally Become A Living Example Of Christ!
If you are not dull, not self-centered, not narrow-minded, you can never remain untouched by Zaiba’s book, for its every chapter,
Help to build a photographic report to show the beauty and cruelty about Mother Africa. It will open your eyes to think differently.
This book investigates the ethical landscape of computing and discussions the problems, risks and opportunities for children to learn.
A 20,000-word eBook regarding the theories of Sigmund Freud and Carl Jung as applied to 'The Hunger Games' film. 
Let's publish this!
While in Berlin, Germany I will study various terminals to see how the communities respond to the different types of mass transit.
This revolutionary workbook will teach you how to grow a robust garden of healing foods - foods high in the nutrients the body needs.
Reflections on how creative works shape lives and the way we view the world. A six-volume series by six accomplished authors.
Language Plan-it was created to give students in America the opportunity to compete linguistically with students around the world.
A fully illustrated guide to the beautiful Xylaria fungi of the cloud forests of Ecuador, one of the most biodiverse places on Earth.
The  Viking grave, Oseberg, from 834 AD has the only story told by vikings. I want to re-construct that treasure and publish the craft.
An openly-accessible report of our findings from an exploratory study of six Neighborhood Book Exchanges
Roxy’s Revelations is a web-based math tutorial program designed to support K-8th grade students' confidence and competence in math.
Scientific publication that explores the latest discoveries in history, archaeology, travel, culture and the exploration of the world.
In Your Own Backyard is an educational and artistic look at wildlife and nature that can be found all around us in Central Florida.
500 page book chronicling KISS' first 10 years day by day in exhaustive detail. Hundreds of rare unpublished photos and new information
An educational resource to inspire and inform the next generation of creatives and help them make better career decisions
Clases de Primaria en vídeo ¡y gratis!
Que todos los niños, sin importar sus circunstancias, puedan recibir clases de un profesor real.
To go on to university, Liberians must pass the WAEC exam. It's kind of like the SAT. WAEC in Review is the 1st ever WAEC study guide.
WHR Rivers pioneered humane treatment of traumatized WW1 soldiers. After the war, he became almost forgotten. This book tells his story
A war on hemp was started by businesses running forest and cotton industry. A war on marijuana was started out of fear and hysteria.
Learn to speak German like a native. We teach you a completely new system. Learning in phrases by using questions and answers. It´s fun
Back the Presentation of my Paper, "The Cost of Storing Renewable Energy" at the IEEE EEEIC 2015 10-13 June, Rome
This book details 5 research-based ways to empower young girls to help them overcome self-esteem issues.
Learn characters more efficiently with this revolutionary, easy-to-use dictionary. Discover how Chinese characters actually work!
A must have yoga anatomy/injury prevention book chock full of enlightening information, practical techniques & amazing illustrations.
Sunny discovered a rare, extinct Eastern Elk, guided by scientific  advisors, supported by her community, she seeks the elk's past.
After 100 years it is time to complete a great work on the beautiful Partula snails and to make them icons of evolution, not extinction
STEM/Humanities PBL curriculum where students take on the role of time travelers and build the major discoveries of history.
The sequel to "Korean Made Simple," a book for learning the Korean language that's easy to use, in-depth, and fun!
A translation of a unique 17th-century compendium of samurai heraldry, annotated with the symbolism and stories behind the banners.
Meticulously researched and compiled, this poster functions as a thought-provoking guide to the astonishingly complex Mandelbrot set.
I'm traveling the United States interviewing people born before 1940 about how technology has changed us.
This book trains you to be a pattern maker. You will learn the most common drafts for men and women from the years 1580-1640.
A citizen science project aiming to contribute to Arctic Ocean knowledge by collecting valuable sea ice data at the North Pole.
BubbleSort Zines returns with 6 more zines about computers, this time featuring topics like machine learning & operating systems.
Educational media literacy site that evaluates the cultural content (race/gender/LGBTQ/body/disability) of films for parents/teachers
"An intelligent new way to teach cursive handwriting." - neuroscientist, Dr. William Klemm endorsing CursiveLogic in Psychology Today
An english translation of the Bishnu Ghosh lineage publication: 84 Yoga Asanas by Gouri Shankar Mukerji, with photos and instructions.
Help White Rabbit Press create a Kana Poster for Japanese language fans. Our design is attractive, minimalist and highly-functional.
The 1938 collection from Buddha Bose includes 84 yoga postures & 10 mudras, with instructions from a "star pupil" of Bishnu Ghosh.
This Open-Access book contains a dozen chapters about video games, archaeology, history and heritage by scholars and developers
Funding the purchase of 1 of 2 known copies of a possible 'lost' Oscar Wilde novel. I will produce the second ever edition.
Learn how to build a business. Take control of your time and make an impact in your community. Entrepreneurship, simplified.
Funding to conserve a Victorian ledger recording orders of military embroidery made to M. Hand & Co. from 1880s - 1930s.
Resource book that inspires student ownership and empowers teachers to build playgrounds with Shakespeare's text.
The journal where archaeology meets the people, starting from scratch.
For a year, we've held over 100 pop-up classes with top NYC professors. Now we're sharing their writing in a pocket-sized notebook.
THE BOOK for students in high school leadership classes, student body, and humanitarian clubs. It's based upon our successful book.
An innovative toolkit for modern wine students, showcasing field-tested service, tasting, and research techniques used by the pros.
A satirical comic book about a cute turtle getting into trouble while tackling modern Public Health issues, starting with vaccinations
Ce guide de départ vous introduira aux micromaisons et vous fournira astuces, idées et ressources pour planifier votre mini maison.
The 1st in a public and home school permaculture textbook & workbook series for 6-12th graders, families & adult learners.
An alliterative, illustrated universe that entertains while teaching conceptual thinking, drawing, and vocabulary skills.
I am publishing my doctoral dissertation on Christian/Muslim comparative religion to distribute to college libraries as a resource.
An interactive learning experience with your ocarina & the power of the internet.
The ultimate reference for stargazers!  Identify stars and constellations in the night sky.  Easily locate all 110 Messier objects.
A beautiful, high quality deck of flashcards that enables you to easily learn and teach the most cutting-edge biblical theology.
This comprehensive bilingual lexicon will fill a gap not yet covered by other published Q’eqchi’ Mayan language learning materials.
Support the first high school permaculture textbook ever! 
A regenerative tomorrow starts in schools today!!
The Journal of Lovecraftian Science, Volume Two focuses on discussions of our solar system in the Lovecraftian / Cthulhu universe.
This book presents groundbreaking research that isolates the language of the world’s oldest alphabet as Hebrew, dating back to 1842 BC.
Seven Pillars is based on debatably the oldest written text on the structure of existence and human consciousness. Here is an excerpt:
Many people want to learn web design, animation and development - we aim to make it fun and interactive, with unlimited support.
Film music is a cryptic language of signs that take the shape of notes, figures, motives and phrases. This book is an immersion course.
A Book on Climbing-Focused Injury Prevention and Care.
Collected essays on anime, from Akira to Erased, revolutionary girls and EVA pilots to Puella Magi and alchemists, and beyond!
An online course that teaches a solid foundation in inshore angling, promoting recreational fishing and conservation in Louisiana.
Karten mit Schritt für Schritt Erklärung, Bildern und Text zum erlernen vieler verschiedener Tricks am Vertikaltuch für alle Niveaus.
The researched book on the last surviving military academy on the West Coast and the history of the military academies of San Diego.
A study investigating whether pine marten have a role in conserving the red squirrel in Britain and Ireland.
Il primo libro sul crowdfunding, fatto in crowdfunding. First book about crowdfunding, crowdfunding proof.
Anyone can learn Korean with "Korean Made Simple 3," the third book in the series that's easy to use, in-depth, and fun!
Help a theoretical economist to raise money for a submission fee and to gain 1st-hand experience in crowdfunding for his paper.
Intro course for EH&S professionals just entering the field. Learn to analyze real exposure data with live interactive online lectures.
The book I wish I'd had when I started my teaching career.
From getting a job, to engaging students and making a difference.
Learn advanced techniques for Microsoft Excel, including keyboard shortcuts, functions, data analysis, VBA, and other advanced tips.
The stagecraft handbook that answers 1001 questions, provides theories & strategies for taking your belly dance to the next level.
International surgical missions achieve a lot of good, but the potential for improvement is astounding.
Publishing my unique reference text book, that helps managers be effective, happy and successful!
Twelve recent matchers discuss everything from 1st year to the match - success, failure, strategy, and funny stories along the way.
Help fund the culmination of my research, a spatial network analysis on Mafia, to travel to the NetSci-X conference on Network Science.
The first book-length study on Blitzen Trapper's celebrated 2008 album FURR, fully endorsed and supported by the band itself.
Transcribing YouTube videos into searchable transcripts. What's spoken is now written. Better knowledge enrichment globally.
A series of 4 learning workbooks for kids to focus on life-skils like how to write a check, save, invest, budget + more! YMBAgroup.com
Children can be passive when viewing movies. However, with small interventions, film can be a rich, meaningful literary experience.
A formal scientific theory of cultural evolution using the multiple perspectives of the Integral framework.
An innovative curriculum combining garden science, traditional teaching techniques, common core standards, and hands-on exercises.
Make Those Vocabulary Words Stick With Easy To Follow Italian Audio Vocabulary Lessons For All Levels.  Find Your Native Voice!
Research into the depths of the world's most hated symbol BEFORE it was hated!
Contemporary Research on Right-Wing Extremism presented in Swedish, in a peer-reviewed volume published as a special issue of Arkiv.
Dedicated to providing self-contained, independent, reusable activities designed to support skills taught in the classroom.
I have written a book explaining how the mind works according to current scientific understanding. This will help many people.
Academic study that explores how the imagination can be used to decrease texting and driving behavior.
PercussionArchive.com

The worlds most accurate and up-to-date archive of percussion instruments.
Book Bros. is an online social network that allows you to learn, connect and innovate, goods, services and idealism's.
Edit and publish an open access, digital Psychology textbook to be made available freely to university students.
im making a book on the history of colonial- civil war era homes, property, and ancient native american settlements in east Tennessee.
Mathematics animations and quizzes. Amazing for class demonstrations or home study. Endless learning from one fun little platform! :-)
I am about to start writing the 9th edition of a "best-selling" book on the air transportation industry.
A book uniting graphic design, illustrations, HD photographs and superb writing to explain evolutionary biology.
Produce a good-quality recording of myself reading "History of the Church" for those who are unable to read or don't have time.
Overcome barriers to learning mathematics. As a language mathematics can be illustrated and much easier and faster to learn.
Help me develop a Philosophy program to introduce to kids of all ages and instill a love of wisdom to our future generations!
We want to translate into Russian and publish the key work of the world's greatest left-wing political theorists
The ultimate minimalist guide to getting better grades, in less time
Hola Amigos! This is the fun guide that will get you speakin' Espanol without the textbook mumbo-jumbo.
link per i ritardatari.
Help me finish my graduate thesis research by traveling to Yosemite for archival research and site documentation! 
Our book is about remarkable women who survived the LRA war and are rebuilding their community, though they have almost no resources.
The Reception of John Paul II’s Theology of the Body in the Catholic Church 
in the United States of America (1984-2012)
400 pagine 5 parti 28 capitoli 3000 esempi. Schematica, dettagliata,  pratica. In questo 1° volume tutto sulla frase semplice in cinese
Little is known about Hawaii's main pollutant, Vog. This study will clarify how it forms, changes, and what chemicals it contains.
Help fund a scientific publication about the discovery of a new species of land snail, the only animal endemic to the Wood River Valley
Die Broschüre bietet eine Zusammenfassung wichtiger Adressen und Angebote zur Orientierung für geflüchtete Menschen in Frankfurt.
An easy-to-understand, fully-illustrated textbook teaching foundations of chemistry education & made specifically for visual learners.
Quest begins: 18/07/2016
Mission: Establish Sustainability Science Criteria for projects in the archipelago of Indonesia [MSc Thesis]
A definitive guide to Tolkien's Elvish writing systems including the Tengwar, Sarati & the Cirth, covering Quenya, Sindarin languages
Evangelical seminary professor, James I. Fazio reveals the significance of the two commissions of Matthew’s Gospel for readers today.
Big Data revolutionizes the power of prediction, but can also perpetuate discrimination far beyond the constraints of human ability.
Help us create and trademark curriculum for our pipeline program, which invests in the academic success of women of color law students.
Finally a Fun and Easy Way to Learn Hebrew!
Bring poet and visual scholar Austin Straus to MLA 2015 in Vancouver to speak on a panel about his late wife, poet Wanda Coleman.
Sociological field research for my master's thesis about shared social fantasy and identity performance at renfaires.
An interactive workbook for student filmmakers of all ages offering a hands-on, platform-neutral approach to making narrative shorts.
Hey everyone!  I'm want to attend my 1st nat. conference!  But it gets better, i've been selected to present. Help me become Dr. Potts
Medical expressions and acronyms are a source of confusion and healthcare errors, MedLingo explains them quickly and reliably
"Destination CEO - Beyond the Traditional Way of Job Search in the GTA is the most comprehensive guide to hacking the local job market"
Historic courthouses of Texas are keystones of rural communities. Studying the restoration of these structures is my Masters thesis. 
A Child's Physics is an early childhood science resource at PrimaryCoil.com.
Remember not knowing.
Entwicklung entwickeln? Und kann man das eigentlich noch bilden?
A collection that examines the stadium's history, architecture, & significance to fans, workers, and players.  Photo: Lowell Boileau
Myths and fairy tales are more connected than we think. Help me research the relationship between a Trojan myth and Sleeping Beauty.
The molecular biology of citrus juices: for revenge and fortune.
A peer led journal showcasing practical research methodologies, interventions and learner outcomes.
The only donation required is 15 minutes of your time to complete the survey. The link is in the description.
Vårt examensarbete om polisens ojämställda organisationskultur behöver spridas. Hjälp oss trycka - så sprider vi!
Help me save the endangered Kuay language: the heart of a culture and key to future anthropological discovery. This MATTERS!
There is more than one way to get the story. With Code Club the story's in the cards. Join the club. For girls and boys; Ages 3-12.
This book guides men to care about ourselves, each other, our communities and Earth. It's a book whose time has come.
A community archaeology project with a goal to connect the public with the archaeological landscape surrounding them.
Thesis on Phosphorus Fixation Capacity in Volcanic Soils and Water Bodies of Southwest Cameroon
Unleash the power of the Art Canvas in BERNINA's V7 Digitizing Software. This workbook will come in both printed and digital versions.
Normal - das können andere besser. Um unserer Kultur Zukunft zu geben, crowdfunden wir ein partizipatives Format zur Kulturentwicklung.
An ambitious Master's thesis that addresses the photography and film genius of the phenomenal living legend artist William Klein.
Discover your cyber security oracle guide to learn how to stay safe, private, and secure online.
European cities have been building highly innovative green suburbs - why not North America? What is blocking the progress here?
We love health and fitness and want to help others reach there physique goals. We plan to create a series of e-books to help do so.
Fixing Relativistic Physics, creating a Unified Field Theory & a Theory of Everything...
The book that I am trying publish and distribute demystifies the process of psychotherapy in many ways & aids psychologists in therapy
Youth Center for LGBT homeless kids needs law library with open access to the kids, quick reference for pro bono attorney.
Tips and tricks on achieving top grades in college combined into one book: Secrets to Getting a 4.0 GPA
PAGINA WEB PARA EDUCACION PRIMARIA CON ACTIVIDADES LUDICAS DIGITALES EN APOYO A LOS DOCENTES; INCLUIRA PLATAFORMAS Y DIDACTICAS.
Zeitsparend - effizient und für jeden machbar.
Nur 3x10 Minuten pro Woche üben und garantiert Gitarre lernen.
This short occult work has to do with the basic misconception found in the creation story of genesis and how we gained consciousness
Teaches how to drive in the most efficient and fun way for new drivers to learn easily what they would learn only by trial & error.
I have to get to the University of Edinburgh to work on my Doctoral Degree in Social Psychology and create social change.
A study of how generational memory has influenced conflict in a small selection of Tipperary County residents.
An reliable academic book about the present and future of business
Part 1 includes over 2,000 step by step problems with answers.  The problems are worked out in thorough detail.
I am seeking $1,500 to publish my first book about transition from ignorance to fulfillment of dreams of Love by first loving self.
I'm a grad student looking to write about the profound gender-based allegories found throughout the TV series, Buffy the Vampire Slayer
I am traveling to Lake Tahoe to harvest cones from sugar pines to help ensure the future survival of this species.
This book attempts to marry Science and Creation. It attacks both atheists and religious zealots. A huge NYC publisher said "yes"
"Think Outside the Box..."
This book will cover every aspect of conducting a criminal bail investigation, from case assignment to arrest.
A skeptical breakdown of the Bible and Jewish / Christian theology that is three years in the making and need money to self-publish.
COACH VIP est un site de développement personnel basé sur le travail de son estime de soi autour d'exercices physiques et mentaux.
PolitiGuide 2016 empowers Americans who are new to politics about the political issues in 2016 in a simple a neutral format.
A small university wanting to expand it's college experience to the student body by bringing in a new fraternity.!
47% of patients want docs to ask about their faith, but only 9% of them do. Cultural competency is the answer. I train med profs.
We are bringing the latest and best agrobiotech has to offer in fibre and related research for feeds, food production and bioenergy.
From Odin to Tlazolteotl Myth Adventures offers a unique take on the gods and goddesses of myth through stories, profiles and essays.
List all Cameroun post offices, illustrate each postmark, tabulate observed dates of use, maps, photos, documents, fully referenced
I want to show how easy it is to build a modern, efficient, economical, ecologically friendly house yourself. Sounds daunting?
This DVD and book will explain how the tetrahedron creates the Platonic Solids which in turn creates the structure our 3D universe.
Our e-book is a guide to reducing energy consumption in your workplace or home to help reduce the harmful effects climate change.
I study fish parasites that have the potential to infect humans. I'd like to present my interesting findings at overseas conferences
Tackle Reading is an reading resource with stories from NFL athletes, celebrities, and literacy experts to donate to schools in need.
Worldwide, global, distribution of historical, sociological, psychological, educational message in this publication.
A user friendly, on-line educational program designed to encourage the start-up and operation of small business ventures
Created a book that when used will enhance everyone's living experience! #NoSpoilers
My dissertation is about how young men talk about sex, and I need money to pay participants! Help me fund some sex research.
Kreativität à la Karte.36 Bilder, 36 Zitate, unendliche Assoziationen: Entdecke geniale Lösungen und pure Inspiration!
UnMediated is a new student-led research journal in the field of media and communications
Translating the great Austrian Economists for the next generation. Simple to understand for the grade-school student.
container is Parsons SCE's first student-edited academic design journal covering architecture, lighting, interiors, and product design.
Please help me succeed in graduating from my Degree course.  I need to raise funds for tuition fees for my final year.
God's Babies challenges Fundamentalist interpreters of "be fruitful and multiply" and finds a different message among early Christians.
A comprehensive, self-paced, self-graded, college ready, rigorous AND fun home science curriculum delivered on any device or platform.
A little book of interviews, created by students for students,  that lays out the basics of constitutional law.
Join us for our next Drinks Among Friends event on July 30, and help share the power with women in the legal industry.
Come along to get a great headstart for Methods in 2016 and learn some brand new content that will put you weeks ahead of the pack.
This volume will expand on www.lovecraftianscience.wordpress.com articles about Lovecraft and Cthulhu mythos and include new artwork.
This book will serve as a platform to help this generation learn the new rules for career exploration & paths to employment happiness.
A research report on the nature and geography of U.S. Arctic identity and public consciousness.
You can always win if you know how to win. Mavericks Success will guide you to a constant victory. Live your life to the fullest.
Partner with us to build an innovative center dedicated to community wellness, classes, workshops, and collaboration with hospitals.
Nyutgåva av Sveriges genom tiderna mest populära bokverk över svensk historia.
Make W.H.D. Rouse's Exercises in the syntax and idioms of Attic Greek available on archive.org + lulu.com together with the Key.
A free sustainability leadership course for passionate young people unable to afford higher education and unpaid internships.
Using geolocator technology, we'll discover where California's Hermit Thrushes spend the winter after their long flight south.
Have you ever wanted to be an archaeologist? We hope to share the story of the Ancient Peruvian, Ychsma civilization with the public!
The Ultimate Guide to Being the Kind of Person that Finishes a Doctoral Dissertation or Thesis
Blacklist Book Club takes on the ambitious mission to support and spread black literature to the masses.
FM is an independent journal curated by students at the School of Architecture at the University of Illinois at Chicago.
Latin Grammy Nominee and Steinway Artist, writes a second Music Theory Book, based on his new and revolutionary harmonic approach.
Community archaeological excavation of the former Maroon Town Barracks, located in Flagstaff, Jamaica.
Help us "let the dogs out" by making the world's largest online Great Dane community even better!
Race and Class Relations and Spatiality: black middle class neighborhood, Hamlin Park in an inner city of Buffalo, New York
A lecture about discovering autism and living with it in the family life.
A modern age financial reference eBook made for millennials by millennials including everything from filling out tax forms to budgeting
A new bird study investigating the breeding biology & dispersal of this British seabird from their breeding colonies in Galloway.
This exists to enable people to understand themselves and those around them in a more effective way through personality exploration.
Begeistere deine Schüler mit hochwertiger englischer Lektüre. Und das Ganze als Datei, die du unbegrenzt anpassen und kopieren kannst!
How to explain a disease as complex as cancer to a child? The answers of teachers, doctors and cancer patients resulted into this book.
TSQ is a new interdisciplinary academic journal that will change the way the world thinks about transgender issues.
An annual Hawaii writing residency honoring writer Barry Lopez, and emphasizing a spirit of social responsibility.
Need Peer Review, Open Source style
We publish quality hybrid work that redefines genre, work that might otherwise be deemed unpublishable or overlooked by larger presses.
College students will offer their thoughts on writing. I'll study & report what they say. How we teach writing may change as a result.
A guidebook, designed for any language, that learners can use to learn language in their community.
We are creating an academic conference that will allow us to voice our research to a public audience.
Bar plots fail to accurately represent the spread of data. Help us get the word out to journal editors to #barbarplots with t-shirts!
Publishing a textbook to prepare kiwi students for the Scholarship English exam but copyright fees for the texts included = expensive!
An online course for those interested in creating multiple and passive streams of income with the internet. Work from home or anywhere!
"How to Become an Exceptional Performer" will give you valuable tips and strategies on how to increase your work performance
Building and stocking a small library for children in remote northern Philippines to help them get onto a good path through education
VestU.com is creating high quality investment education for self-paced online learning. Our mission is making investors successful.
I'm writing up data that looks at what women do when they are in a risky situation (for rape) and what factors influence that behavior.
We'll publish a book of short stories written by an 8th grade English class to help develop and celebrate literacy skills.
Can a MTB racing team for delinquent teenagers cause social change and create hope for a more positive future?  Let's see!
Ack's View is a platform seeking to engage people from all perspectives into intellectual discourse, and this is our chance to grow!
The biggest lie you tell yourself everyday is, "I don't need to write that down, I'll remember it." Stay organized with a BSS Agenda.
An international forum of practitioners, professionals, and academics dedicated towards further discussing maritime security issues.
You are in transition. You have goals. Let us help you develop the L.I.F.E. Skills needed to survive and succeed.
We are undergraduate college students trying to raise money to travel 12 hrs & present our research at the 30th annual SIOP conference.
Through my spiritual journey I have found my passion in exploring the Science behind Spiritual, Religious, and Psychic Phenomenon.
We've had multiple requests on social media, and now it's happening: EMSPOCUS T-shirts!
Project aiming to learn more about Black-headed Gulls, a red-listed bird of conservation concern in Ireland, through colour-ringing.
Through the means of my book, my desire is for people's lives to be changed as they develop into effective leaders
A fun, engaging & interactive eCourse designed 4 students to be inspired towards confidence, happiness, emotional health & well-being.
For girls considering STEM careers; to help them upgrade crucially-important spatial reasoning skills in a very short period of time.
Brain research that helps create effective and inspiring leaders, by
balancing two opposing ways of thinking: empathy and task focus.
This project provides foundations for minority students' access to academic support, research experience, and education funding.
We are recording an audiobook for Haunted East Los Angeles at the behest of teachers using the book to promote literacy in their class.
Put down the phone and talk to your kids. Sharing family engagement ideas that promote brain building & thinking. All you need is time!
HELP US BECOME THE BEST ONLINE ENGLISH INSTITUTE AND WE´LL HELP PEOPLE IN NON-ENGLISH SPEAKING COUNTRIES BECOME THE BEST ESL LEARNERS.
Hey guys, my name's Tommy Armitano, and I am writing a personal development book called "The Short Guide To Personal Development".
Ankommen und ohne Angst ein neues Leben beginnen. Der erste Schritt in diese Richtung ist immer die Sprache. Integration durch Sprache!
Looking to continue my research into stereotypes and prejudices that negatively affect the hiring of Deaf/Hard of Hearing individuals.
Learn MATLAB in 7 days: a guide to become a programmer.
This is my MA thesis at Southern Illinois University Edwardsville.  I will be spending a portion of the summer in Germany in archives.
Please help me to provide videos for my next series of Horse Movement talks: How to improve movement - guides for owners & riders.
As a proud Mancunian i want to shout to the world all about Manchester! In a short space of time Manchester has thrived!
I have collected WWII stories from Polish Ex-Servicemen settling in Rotherham after the war. I need funds to publish this in a book
Fundamentally change Education → Fundamentally change the World:  Help future generations realize their full potential
I am a paleontologist, who studies coprolites which enables me to understand what these animals ate and to present research at meetings
We want to start a studio where we can build digital books for non-native English speakers who are trying to learn the language.
Wikipedia erschuf eine neue Form für Nachschlagewerke. Wir wollen das jetzt mit Bildungsmaterialien versuchen und suchen Unterstützer.
Spanish Inquiry teaches Spanish, lays a foundation for learning other languages, and  explores the effect of language on experience.
This project is a guide in working with and understanding your own grief or to help others on the journey.
I need funding to complete my research at the NCAA for my Masters thesis on sports during the Progressive Era.  Sports and History!
An academic reflection into the political and philosophical themes from Star Trek, the original series. Later series in future volumes.
Casa Machín and Las Mercedes Parochial Church: History and Architecture
Real stories, expert advice and tips for high school students, to raise awareness of the negative effects of accruing debt.
Help fund the printing of 5,000 fact sheets about race and the legal system.
The Linxus software helps students get organized, manage their time, study properly, and develop their character, so they can succeed!
Overcomes inherent societal risks between two critical trends, dominating youth, effective education, and our country's future.
This will be the first event on it's kind to held in Southern Somalia since the system collapse down. Back in 1990.
This book about the terrific history of the English Crown throughout the Middle Ages, is about
- ENKINDLING ENTHUSIASM FOR HISTORY
- AW
The numbered stones represent seven first principals for the real number system: 1-5 field, 6 order, 7 least upper bound.
A guide to help the average person avoid or if necessary, increase their chances of surviving a violent incident.
School often gloss over the ugly aspects of American history. When we take a closer look we see that American history is full of dicks!
Funding scholarships, based on essay contests judged by an interfaith panel, to promote good citizenship among Muslim-American students
This is a five text book mail-in correspondence course. Start up, day to day, marketing, accounting, future projections, a plan.
A publishing company botched a college textbook I wrote and abruptly terminated it. I seek funds to self-publish the book myself
Help me continue my PhD research on Brazilian cities!
This research is designed to investigate what dangers there are for adolescents in the unregulated marketing of sports supplements.
A school district project designed to make great teaching a habit.
My name is Manuel Alfaro. I was recruited by the College Board to help redesign the SAT.
Mr. Mormon has helped hundreds of LDS missionaries become well prepared to answer deep doctrinal questions that investigators may have.
The major Antilles Aboriginals since discovery by Columbus suffered forced assimilation yet evidence confirms survival not extinction.
Lucem Ferre - The Book of Finding Truth is the first introduction to The Greater Church of Lucifer.
Raising funds for study at Uni of Hawaii's Masters LAMPE Program; for Language Assessment, Administration, and Research.
Do you care about criticism?  Want to promote critical dialogue outside of institutional hierarchy?  Then give us your money!
‘Unleash a child’s mind’ highlights the way to improve self-esteem, motivate and inspire children through effective
communication.
A knowledge database to educate aquarium hobbyists on how to identify, handle and keep Apistogramma Dwarf Cichlids.
This pilot study will use a number different assessments to determine the cognitive effects of music on adults with Down syndrome.
The first beginner's Lightsaber teaching manual. You know the movies, but do you know the moves? This is the book that shows you how!
Unlocking the doors that prevent acquiring and keeping customers.
A research based book essential to anyone working with at-risk teens.  From an ex pro athlete, educator and outreach activist.
The aim of this project is to cover all expenses associated with a new online journal that would be free to publish and free to read.
Kleer English will allow Johnny to read AND spell
We create fun, dynamic English materials and donate them to underfunded schools and organizations in El Salvador.
Una academia presencial y en linea con enseñanzas del idioma oriental en español de forma dinámica y divertida.
Research and writing is on Uganda in the late 19th Century that involved raids, missions, colonialists, tradition, war, and martyrdom.
A book from homeschool parents (and a national bestselling author)  featuring a program proven to change childrens' lives.
Enabling academic opportunities by changing SAT Prep
Transcribing journals of John Weems b 1741descendant of Henry Sinclair that include excerpts of Henrys journal abt voyage to Oak Island
We want to make crowdfunding more popular!
Do you remember the little Yellow School Bus for the special education kids?  Let's try Classroom Management  Techniques instead.
We are creating a series of videos to be used by teachers and schools that wish to switch to the "flipped classroom" model.
This 75 page manual explains everything a Small Business Owner needs to know to make their Facebook business page EXPLODE!
This area could be used as a future geo-thermal plant for the many small towns that reside in the Owen's Valley, and L.A.
This research paper looks at the connection between the values of the God of the Bible and the eventual freedom of the African American
Trigonometry has many applications from happiness level, to world conflict. My book would help reader in various levels.
Let's publish the international edition of Digital Marketing Strategy, my award-winning academic textbook. A real curriculum changer!
I'm writing a new book on Propaganda; I've been invited to an international colloquium on Jacques Ellul in France. Help me get there.
An innovative analysis on local traditions and encounters in Southern Italy in the age of Lombards, Byzantines, Arabs and Franks
We want to encourage schools to join LM1's UK Chapter Pilot Education Scheme in th UK
Learn how to use Open Source Softwares to carry out Finite Element Analysis in a fun and interesting way.
The purpose of this study is to examine the permission system of Android applications and use it as predictor of malicious activities.
Postulates a mechanism by which mind/consciousness/realities can be constructed by elucidating the fundamental evolutionary steps.
Documenting Energy Loss and Health Effects of Home Comfort Systems with emphasis on repair procedures to resolve deficiencies.
Develop a socionics quadra assessment. All money is used to pay people from mechanical turk to make 30min videos and take the test.
Our Frontier Markets Compendium website is the world's only site wholly dedicated to the Frontier Markets. We now track 64 FM countries
www.BetterBudget.Biz wants to expand their 12-month workbooks to help students manage their finances better! See more on our website!
The institute aims to sketch a realistic picture of Turkey, Turks and other related topics, based on scientific and academic research.
African Calendar Book Series is an illustration of African Igbo dating system prior to the introduction of the Gregorian Calendar
Lanzamiento de la primera edición en formato impreso del libro de programación en Swift "Aprendiendo Swift 2"
I am writing a book based on life in its entirety, to provide a clear understanding of a better future for the next generation of love.
Support E-IR's effort to produce the world's first open access textbook for students of International Relations in free ebook, & print.
Posigrow is a social networking site that promotes knowledge, positivism, sharing, focuses on world solutions and personal growth.
Support publication of a guide for inquiry-based student tours.  50% of proceeds will provide scholarship funds for student travel.
El primer libro que te muestra como implementar una libreria de expresiones regulares completamente fucional, en C
5-time Author, Teacher, Doctoral student shares his Writing system with millions of middle, high, and college students who struggle!
An MSt thesis at Brasenose College, Oxford University, aimed at explaining how consciousness works.
I know this whole projects sounds weird, but I love mathematics, space, aliens, and overly outlandish and weird statistics!
This book of Rock Commentaries is on the meaning of the lyrics of our music, and the spiritual quest of our age.
A conference that aims at two main objectives: bring education in Social Media and Digital Marketing and fight malnutrition in Mexico
Satoshi's original Bitcoin source code is a piece of art. This book dissects it so you can learn from a genius and master Bitcoin.
Dedicated to handmade reproductions of revolutionary scientific source documents.
Need to go back to school to continue getting an education for my degree so I can help other people learn about their dreams and goals.
MCAT Physics questions are hard for many Med School applicants, and they get harder every year. We help make it easier, so score high!
Making life easier for students!
The goal of this research is to decrease texting and driving by drawing upon the moral imagination.
Want a better memory? Want to remember names, dates, facts, phone numbers, any information you like? My Memory Works can show you how!
Behaviors are the main struggle when raising a child with a disability. This book will give essential information to avoid the pitfalls
Conducting study on which initial triage tags improve patient survival outcomes after any mass casualty incident, in all weather, 24/7
Historic book proves (in detail) how emotions cause all behavior & thought, how they evolved, how they are organized, and much more.
Empowering children with skills and confidence.
Photography has been used from the very outset to document  space, record new phenomena and much that cannot be seen by the human eye
TEFL Professor is an English language materials startup that creates high quality materials relevant to your language needs.
Supporting Veterans: An examination of the effects of group identity loss on veterans, & analysis of detriment to health and wellbeing.
A quality education should be affordable and available to all. Help fund printing of high quality textbook of small company.
My book will chronicle the history of public education in Los Angeles by highlighting immigration, cultural diversity & inequality.
I am creating what I believe to be a different way of Learning Language.  Join me on my journey to change the way we learn language!
Eduflix delivers fast-track learning through short, sharp & smart animated videos. Learning will never be more accessible or gettable.
The Catamans is a series of educational children’s books geared towards children ages 7-12 years of age.
Vault Resources is a web based personal development centre containing over 160 downloadable & adaptable resources aimed at young people
An educational/interactive coloring book for kids based on the martial arts but made custom for different martial arts schools
A custom elearning portal designed to meet the complex learning needs of any and all!  Hosting interesting, one of a kind lessons.
Guía para aprender chino fácilmente a través de asociar imágenes a conceptos, además, aprenderás a construir frases intuitivamente.
For the new generation of young academics to take their place in the world they need to know their place in it.
Join us for our next Drinks Among Friends event on July 30, and help share the power with women in the legal industry.
I´m writing the second part of the classic "Meditations on the Tarot", explaining the 56 Arcana Minor set as a way to Perfection.
Vikings in Great Britain in the middel age ruled Isle of Man and linked with Sicily and Norway. New theories is ready to be launched.
Designed to master the most essential verbs of the Japanese language and equip learners with the knowledge to live and work in Japan.
I am going to be running a classroom at an after school program and need help to get supplies for the classroom and students.
I want to mail a survey to 4,130 boys to study resilience, scouting, adolescent males to find support for scouting and add to knowledge
Zygotic genome activation is a disease-related process in developmental biology, but major drivers are unknown. Help me find one.
Flashcards have creative design with high quality images - no illustrations.  Adaptable for mutitple languages.  500+ images per set.
Help teachers become dynamic educators students LOVE
The best teachers are the ones students like, this book teaches teachers THE HOOK
There is amenity in numbers, let the numbers create solutions, let these solutions create results. Online, together, now, with Hilder
1 Insight, 1 Mentor, 1 Teacher, 1 "Ah Ha!, 1 Map, 1 Parent, can transform a HS student's success pathway. This 1 Book can and will.
Leadership = Transformation. A three part series designed to develop you as a leader, and find the success in life you've always wanted
This project aims at publishing a comprehensive study on the influence of Islamic and Jewish philosophy on Gundissalinus's metaphysics
Which language bilinguals´ use the most for mathematics?Exploring the brain markers of a preferred language for math.
The how-to handbook for job seekers is finally here! Easy to access influential interviews and inspiring case studies included.
Help publish the first How-To-Book on Bartering and Trading. Learn to Barter & Trade for fun and profit. Attend a training for free.
The Verus Finis System (VFS) is an anti-economic system built on the true infinite ability of humanity and each individuals well being.
Help us to develop the theoretical basics of new kind of government named “meritocracy,”  For each U$200 we will produce one page.
My MA thesis is on religious resistance to the Nazi regime in the German region of North Rhine-Westphalia.
#PivotTheModel in public education to help students discover their own creative genius and reach their highest potential.
Need some funding to publish a research project on the biomechanical effects of weightlifting shoes on the barbell deadlift exercise.
Contribute by providing thoughts, comments, and text to a book suggesting a new constitution.
A powerful tool for Hispanic people that shakes yourself, motivates you and increases your consciousness in an entertaining way...
Creating an extensive guide to educate parents and aspiring athletes on what it takes to fulfill athletic goals and dreams
Aiutare gli studenti liceali: il nostro obiettivo è agevolare lo studio e promuovere la collaborazione!
A one day conference exploring the representation of vision, sight, sound, smell and touch at the beginning of the 20th century.
We are creating a new program to push forward true sustainability via executive education, textbooks and radio and podcast programming.
Exploring urban ruins and dystopian thought in American popular culture.... attempting to change pervasive negative thought patterns.
This volume will expand on www.lovecraftianscience.wordpress.com articles about Lovecraft and Cthulhu mythos and include new artwork.
A yoga anatomy book that lights the path to health and well being.
Packed with beautiful art.
A must have for all yogis.
Finally there is a new magazine that combines geography with science, art and culture. Help us reach all the way to print!
publish 3 tutorials on my life experiences on how to make money with no formal education. Designed for people who need a break.
Applied Psychology Technology Infrastructure Topographical Utilization of Demonstrative Education..
Advanced psychology for the layman
Educational tools for the autism community & educators, in the form of simplistic images to assist with the recognition of facial cues.
Providing consumers with educational materials on EMV cards, what does the card mean to me, how does it works, where does it work, etc.
Writing Therapy for incarcerated women & foster care youth who are transitioning out of the system. Culminates with a published  book.
The long awaited book by Truthiracy House Of Wisdom as seen on YouTube.  Countless people have been waiting for this mind blowing book!
Classic East African epic poem. Rome, Islam & the 7th century Syrian war. The complete work--in Swahili & English--for the first time!
Miss Smac's Planner. It's a business planner combining a 2017 daily and social media calendar&planner together w/other amazing pages.
The purpose of our unik visit is to document the industrial changes and enegry renewal plans currently going on in Cuba.
Author and Doctoral Student planning a qualitative study on how schools are collaborating with parents and meeting primary needs
For uni students who are new or nearly finished, for the party goers or the hardcore studiers. SurviveUni.com will get you though !
Skill Builder Workbooks provide best practice tools that help professionals around the world deliver improved results.
Un manuale semplice e diretto per chi vuole capirne di più sul mondo di internet partendo da zero, con tanto di vocabolario!
"Pork" spending is wasteful spending and it is rampant in Congress. This Book will list each pork project and name those responsible.
BECOME A SMART COURSE MENTOR AND EXPERIENCE LEARNING IN A DIFFERENT WAY
Project to illustrate the history of an Euro Gangnam woman on her search of transform herself in a Korean doll like.
Exploring the link between the British Army family & the retention of Officers. Implications for public policy, families & UK defence.
A revolutionary book exposing the biggest research ever done about the LGBT community and its unique role in the human family.
"From Android Zero to Superhero" leads the reader through creating an Android app that makes extensive use of the Marvel Comics API
Counselling & Training for companies & individuals. We also offer
well-being  online experts and services and literature.
Full color educational book teaching 12 common core subjects by 12 characters
This is a book all Americans should read immediately. We are witnessing the fall of greatness to the hands of modern day communism!
NASAR is the only national level non-profit that develops inexpensive training and certifications for Search and Rescue (SAR).
A journey created for the development of the young Mogul, Entrepreneurial mindset through a patterned approach to learning and teaching
My goal is to travel to high schools in inner cities along the East Coast and speak about the importance of continuing education.
By simplifying the language, not the content, ThinkSpeakSpanish helps parents teach, so students learn Spanish, and learn how to learn.
Want a better memory? Want to remember names, dates, facts, phone numbers, any information you like? Let My Memory Works show you how!
Short notice research paper, trying to stay up to date? 
TL;DR Scicence give you everything you need to know in three sentences!
The Cartoon Crossover Encyclopedia is in progress. It is a reference guide to crossovers within animation that a shared reality.
Want to make YouTube videos about art, philosophy, and anthropology; equipment got damaged at inopportune time, need money for repairs.
Please help fund the pilot study of a new parent survey to assist in identifying levels of autism in school-aged children.
Look life's full of a bunch of shit let's make a promise never to fall down ever again! I'll teach you how to HAM!
Habibi Library provides digital access to quality, translated education, training and tutoring to children in need in northern Nigeria
The project aims to create and publish a workbook that fosters innovation capabilities for those who can't afford an expert program.
Browehs before Yahwehs: A Secular Argument for Forgiveness. A comedic scientific exploration of forgiveness lacking from religion.
I want to write a book to help people get over issues they will come across in their every day lives.
Interactive brain games for parents to give their children every week from ages 3-17, enabling them to become better critical thinkers.
The journey to end Depression.
#changetheface of education. Prepare the next generation by sponsoring 1000 Middle School STEM Classrooms. Let's move forward together.
Here at B.A.E i am assisting mompreneurs and aspiring business women start their own businesses, and become financialy independent
This book is for all musicians who are interested in learning some basic techniques that will have your music and/or band sound better!
A peer resource which concentrates on important factors that aid undergraduate students reach their goals and find success.
Republishing Ifa" The Keys to It's Understanding. Material on the religious beliefs of the Yoruba of western Nigeria. 
 Role of Awos.
Finally Kickstarter has arrived in The Netherlands. I would like to take this opportunity to present to you my book-project: SCIENTISM
Change the way we learn. Create your profile, upload your videos from your GoPro or other device & get paid to share what you do best!
Teen Wise Buy a Set, Give a Kit Campaign discounts books for backers, and provides kits for non-profits serving at-risk teenagers.
I've created a method to find anti-Ebola compounds, and need funds to publish a paper and present these drugs to a Pharma company.
I teach English at my own school in Hiroshima. Materials used/made on my site/school hiroshimaeigo.com will be used for textbooks.
les maisons d'éditions n'osent pas de publier mon livre
-Idéologie islamiste (et pas l'individu musulman) fabrique les terroriste
Sort, filter, and search visual data instantly. This is my quest to build the world's greatest NFL draft kit and cheat sheet.
Bilder und kurze Texte aus verschiedensten Bereichen rund um das Leben mit Kindern – für jede Woche neu – Gedanken zum Wachsen lassen!
The 30 Day Pitch Bible is a planner/sketchbook that allows you to quickly organize and sort your ideas for a new art project.
TSLU is a series of e-learning courses designed to help aspiring writers around the world successfully complete their first screenplay.
This project consist of publishing a book that proves that the Metatron's Cube and the Star of David is at the basis of all science.
Finding the differences in the health of different ethnic groups in the search for equality.
Why has it taken so long for video games to enter art museums? I'm looking from artist to technology asking why now.
A Self Employed Community teaches people how to create, publish and monetize from creating quality content with quality context online.
Give me the chance to fulfill my dream: to tell mankind's most exciting story trough a book on ancient civilizations mysteries
Learn how to successfully trade 13 Forex patterns with precision - Lets make some money.
Middle School Teachers need help! There are so few useful resources for them and their job is so difficult. Let's help them!
Learn the most common ways people fail out of college so you don't have to! Designed to help new college students avoid failure.
I have written a book defining a more usable identity to imaginary numbers. I describe how they are "real" and how they behave in math.
Environment may affect more than social conditions. Can we reverse epigenetics to improve educational outcome? Help us find out!
I will study the deleterious effects of hemorrhoids on career people and show a correlation of lost productivity.
A guide to manage your stress and to get a better life with inner harmony. If you have a difficult time right now, this may help
An exciting and new look into college football in Louisiana. We promote all college football teams in Louisiana, big and small.
Need to take the time to sit down and write, YOU can help. Topic is HOT, already have BESTSELLERS this will be another with your help
I need time off to write a history of Bordeaux in the 1700s, focusing on how people's ideas changed as the city & its economy changed.
E-book with a publisher.  Book published.  I was not  charged for hard copies but, need to pay for the e-book.
Puntié son punteras de ballet interactivas que ayudan a las bailarinas principiantes a lograr una postura correcta sobre las puntas.
A Tax Learning Center For All Entrepreneurs...including Freelancers, Consultants, Solopreneurs - and Small Business Owners
I am seeking funding for my new book.
All religions contain universal truths, it is my dream to collect those truths into one book, The Universal Scriptures
Educate the world around you. Mechanical things don't need to intimidate you if you recognize what things are and how they work.
An ebook and video course for entrepreneurs to successfully grow their business through digital marketing, with a step-by-step plan.
The new way of learning English made simple, interesting and practical!
Exciting, Reliable and Fun Resource for the Medical Professional.
To write an online book of researching, testing, and showing results for different ways to market your Real Estate business online.
I am looking to publish an article on China's navy and military modernization.
Everything you need to know from A to Z about this new billion dollar industry called digital signage.
An anthropological study on the great flood which calls into question many current mainstream religious and scientific views.
This project works to prevent lethal school violence by training, scholarship, & giving skills to educators where tragedy has occurred.
A recent study showed fasting can trigger a new immune system. I want to experience an extreme fast of 25 days with a supervised staff
I made a really fast algorithm that find prime numbers.  I want to optimise and distribute it freely.
Publish Academic Book guiding middle income Americans with Retirement Income Planning. 50% of book sales donated to 12 step program USA
A magazine for the rogue scholar. Math, science, history, language and more all in one easy to read magazine.
This book will provide practical advice to help college students (and aspiring students) write well and efficiently.
The Five Minute Finance series of apps covers topics in Corporate Finance through crisp video modules, with formulas and quizzes.
I need your help to help me publish my guide to help students apply to law school.
This is an ebook targeting the rational skeptic and agnostic atheist community, to better prepare one for debates with theists.
A Security Officers guide for anyone that's just curious and or thinking of security as a career.
This project will provide 100 inner city young people with a copy of the book Middle School Money Management & 2 schools a workshop.
Need help to publish my medical book. Which helps medical students pass the Medical Board Exams and will donate 5% of all net profits.
Domestic violence (DV) produces many victims.  I want to educate others about male victims of DV through presentations and workshops.
Have the safest online transaction online. Shop anywhere in the world on. When You Tell Them To Safe Ship It!
This is a writing that is designed to motivate teachers that are struggling to retool and redesign both themselves and their program.
An idiots cookbook for freezer food.
The Alpha IQ program will enable men to reach their highest potential and connect with like-minded individuals to achieve similar goals
I am creating a spiral notebook to benefit left handers. Making writing more comfortable by having the spirals on the right side.
My goal is to teach English in Thailand and start a travel blog to share my experiences.
Most people will be surprised to learn it cost money to publish in a peer reviewed journal. It will cost me about $2500.
I am looking to raise money to build platform helping people getting access to books where public libraries doesn't exist.
600+ downloads of Cell & Molecular Biology 1e, & some course adoptions since 05-2015.  Get acknowledgement; help fund the 2nd free ed.
Do you hate Car Shopping? The majority of our society does. My book teaches Salespeople to make the process more enjoyable. Win-Win.
Un tutoriel vidéo haut de gamme et interactif pour vous apprendre l'ensemble des fonctionnalités de ce fantastique framework.
It has been my dream to break into the publishing industry. This program is run by industry pros for anyone with a BA in English.
Interactive notebooks help students create meaning in their work; imagine how much could be learned if the kids create the notebooks.
Need help writing or illustrating for yourself or someone else, where do you go? Don't have money to pay high $$$? Go to "Create Mine"!
La guía definitiva para aprender paso a paso cómo lanzar tu proyecto con Scrum desde la idea al primer Sprint Planning Meeting.
slacker savant. procrastinating perfectionist. deft debunker. thought provocateur.  i can prove it's all bullshit.
YouTube channel to review reloading equipment and properly educating the general public. There's a lot of bad info out there.
Fingers and Toes teaches kids as young as toddlers to become interested in Mathematics. STEM focused for early childhood! Shalom!
Building a website that improves mathematical attainment by inspiring and supporting parents to help their children to love maths
There is simply too much mis-information out there about tick safety & Lyme disease. We've set out to change that in a big way.
This book is a story and a guidebook of how we managed to build a successful business in this difficult environment.
I want to write a book about the origins, rise, fall and resurrection of Norse paganism and the impact it has had on modern culture.
A book and workshops on the college admissions and financial aid processes designed to help students pursue higher education.
Teaching social skills through a custom Role-Playing game!
"Blob Wars" is a game and unit based on the Common Core and Agar.io (Miniclip SA, 2016). A physical game to accompany video/worksheets.
This seminar - How to manage and reduce GHG's here is DC. Target audience are Foreign Embassies in DC
Items collected together from a dozen people make a time capsule. Items collected together from a global population create a library.
Based upon my doctoral dissertation, proven teaching techniques to help raise the performance level of students and athletes
Cards that will help pupils and students perfectly and easily master the information contained in the Periodic Table of Elements.
Arizona organization dedicated to educating people on a sustainable society via hemp! Fourth of July Weekend! Venice Beach,Ca. EduEvent
It's simple-my friends like me book for elementary schools proves to be the most fun and memorable way for kids to "like" each other.
This book explains the American crisis known as "white privilege" and how to conquer it completely. Lets get it published!
Recently became inspired to create a book about the different shades of poop.  Help me help you discover the different shades of poop.
A guide to enter in the best colleges and universities in the US and get scholarships and financial aid and provide seminars to student
''Sex, Relationships, Dating, Nutrition & Grooming'' 
             What Men Really Need to Know!
Free Educational Resources and delivery materials for Schools, all the delivery materials needed for lessons so teachers can teach.
visit a foreign culture as inspiration for my book on language, art, math, science, etc. and their connections to human well-being
I am putting together a Risk Management study guide that will highlight the PMI's standards through examples to help pass the PMI-RMP.
This will be printed book and website for ebooks,  that will be available for coaches or people interested in becoming an coach.
If you can't get lighter, at least lighten up. 

A parody of diet, diet science, diet recipe and addiction autobiography books
Deftly constructed with 61 pages A Business Plan Book 2nd edition will be published by Outskirts Press.
The life stories of people with learning disabilities put into powerful poems. Aim is to be an educational resource.
"The uprising of white power in Sweden" is a book that supposedly will bring some light on the hidden anger of the white power youth in
Help rehabilitation counselors, John and Jessica Freeborn, develop and publish curriculum for girls rescued from the sex trade.
A Website that will help answer one of society's greatest problems; the disengagement of our young people; from family, school, life.
Help medical students become exceptional physicians by providing the best educational products to succeed in their USMLE board exams!
An age appropriate journey incorporating normal day to day financial information with a special reward for each month completed.
Require financial assistance regarding a more sophisticated digital catalog as well as travel & marketing logistics.
Secrets to credit repair, protection and mastery for financial freedom. It's time for a change!
What happens if you write 100 Letters to companies, what do you think you would get?
A book exploring the real world of BDSM (Bondage, Discipline, sadism and masochism*) and how that compares to 50 Shades of Grey
Revolutionary language materials: Let's master fluent Mandarin… in one month. (By Master of Memory.)
Doing something extraordinary, is the best way to inspire others. TOC reveals the methods of high performers. It will CHANGE your life.
This is a project to explore the sociological implications of crowd funding. What's money worth? What would you pay for?
Looking to write a PMI-ACP Exam Prep Guide; need funds to get professional editing/design/layout
 
https://www.amazon.com/author/rizvi
Free ESL textbooks, lessons, and tutoring online. Self-taught English. Help families in poverty and rural areas find better jobs.
Build a full social network application programmatically in objective-C without interface builder and without ARC.
Global banks scoring. Revolutionary algorithm improving bank efficiency, results may be submitted to the bank board online in real time
Hello, my name is Aaron Ivy and I am starting this campaign to bring calculus to all the visual learners.
Chikungunya virus is spreading fast through Puerto Rican population and it is affecting negatively the economy, but how deep?
1. Save on your energy bills.  
2. All types of property owners profit with new renewable, electric and gas deregulation policies.
Help me get an e-learning course ready to teach to my charity's clients. I need quality reviewers to provide learners' feedback on it.
Investment seminars are the way of the past. We bring Real Estate Investment into the 21st Century with the Better Tomorrow Group!
A Book to explain what every single part of a car does and how it works for dummies/newbies. The book will come online for FREE!
More transparency+Less corporate influence=Stronger Government. This web based platform will allow every American's voice to be heard.
I want to buy Bran Castle (Dracula's Castle) to throw the world's biggest and best Halloween party in history.
A Great book of recorded life lessons spoken by Kole
Kids need a cognitive break during school. Help teachers to learn how to teach their students' yoga throughout the school day!!
I want to write a book called "How to financially survive your 20’s" This book will help young Canadians with their finances and money
A planner to track your goals, affirmations, personal development, water intake, and exercise, while keeping you in a positive mindset
Ever wonder what really happens when you go to buy a new car? Well this book will show you the pitfalls and traps dealers use!
Website that helps you prepare FOR FREE for PMP, Six Sigma Green/Black Belt, Certified Analytics Professional (CAP) and other exams.
I'm creating an online program that will teach Spanish using the same methods used by Rosetta Stone for a much lower price.
Looking to build a better blog for those interested in Atheism and Philosophy!
Help us continue to be one of the best free resources open to the public online for prospecting or gem hunting through the next year.
The guide to Self-Representation in the Canadian Family law System, How to do it yourself and win.
An honest, detailed account of some of the problems plaguing our educational system. A wake up call to parents, teachers, and students.
A repository of esoteric and occult knowledge, as well as a school to teach the theory, practice,and proper use of the arcane arts.
selfhelp
The book describes a new design for a the solar cell / panel which uses sacred geometry as a triangle-pyramid-octahedron connection.
Dating homework. Learning the natural way to approach from learning through past mistakes and daily maintenance.
Geomatic is in constant innovation in the global context, after theory is the art of practice. Second Edition.
Research to support the Monteverde Butt Forest by learning, and discovering rare species of mammals, birds, reptiles and amphibians!
Calling all salespersonel! A pair of experienced salesmen with a burning desire to make sales and charitycollection efficient!
A book for students that want to start their own business's whilst studying.
Gedankengänge über die Erleuchtung, Idiotie und Humanität.
Bei Fertigstellung frei zugänglich im Internet.
Website folgt!
I am wanting my chapter in Tony Robbins mentors novel series "The Change Series" which is all about personal development.
Learn the 11 It-Ain't-Magic Tricks for Goals. A proven Self-Study Course & DVD Series so powerful it seems like magic, but it Ain't
My projects aim is to bring uplifting and relevant media to disadvantaged K-12 urban students.
Everyone deserves to be healthy! A book on how you can by using a little biochemistry, a lot of good nutrition, and common sense.
Selecting a school is complicated.Take a personality, values, and needs assessment to match your child to the best school in your area.
Canceled funding
TIBET.I will research-write-resolve on historical/current disputes on rule/regime over Tibet, China's sovereignty,her reason or lack of
A scientific article on an ongoing research assessing the role of genetic and cognition under stress within the military and the police
A book to explain the truth about the laws of the universe and of our being and the purpose of the mind, to help humanity wake up.
Hi I developed this book in college. It has been a dream to get it published but never had the money this book can change lives.
We make great music for students to learn from. We create excellent curriculum for teachers to teach with. We make learning fun.
A video course to train agents and investors to predict and profit off city-building secrets used by powerful politicians and planners.
Twelve recent matchers discuss everything from 1st year to the match - success, failure, strategy, and funny stories along the way.
Basic, intermediate, and advanced graphics programming in .NET. Everything from drawing lines to image processing and 3D graphics.
Flash Cards with words and phrases are a great way to practice your Spanish and expand your vocabulary.
Help children understand and love math, find the gift of music and release their inner genius in fun and amazing ways.
STOP caring for your curls like they are straight!! Take a walk on the curly side; we got Bounce!!!
An illustrated analysis of black hole phenomena, field unification, holography, and cosmic origins from a visionary painter's-eye view.
Mass Opus is a high-quality video journal for doctors to publish their work in place of traditional text sources.
Who makes stock prices go up and down- Goldman Sachs or Joe the Plumber? Help me get some data to figure this out!
Flüchtlinge mit der Chance auf Asyl brauchen Hilfe um anzukommen, Menschen ohne Bleibeperspektive sollen sich nicht auf den Weg machen!
New Marcelo Bielsa Book by Jed C. Davies (International Football Analyst), Foreword by Michael Beale (Premier League U21 Manager).
100 of the most common problems found in a differential equations course with overly detailed solutions tips and tricks!
First ever "LIVE" writing, of a book to success.  join the journey in realtime. Witness how 12 steps can be applied to achieve anything
Coagulation is a sophisticated area in mathematics and physics. I will be working on coagulation for diffusing particles.
Translating the great Austrian Economists for the next generation. Simple to understand for the grade-school student.
A fun interactive way for kids to learn about nutrition and its health benefits. Getting much needed info to future generations!
Help me help future college STEM majors have an easier and more beneficial education experience by supporting my campaign.
A website / Digital Port folio to help those with Dyspraxia and those who care for the Dyspraxic.  A massive recourse for help.
A new creative way of learning art and music! Courses are designed to teach clearly and easily at the students own pace.
I served as a missionary in Madagascar for 18 years.  I want to write a comprehensive history of the work there dating back to 1887.
Explore the arrival and history of Jews in the United States!
I am developing two sub-domains of twelvemonth.com to promote an innovative song charting methodology for learning to play songs.
Why spending tax dollars on evolution is illegal.
Want your name published? Please read the bio and as always...PLEASE DONATE, IT MAKES IT ALL POSSIBLE!!
This project aims to reveal the workings of the psychological phenomenon known as the illusion of superiority (above-average effect).
I want to publish the App on the AppStore. I would be very grateful if you could donate me a used Macbook and an iPhone
An informal and sometimes humorous question-and-answer approach to Shakespeare's play Hamlet.
I am trying to make multiplying more fun with an unconventional book that teaches time tables beyond the standard math curriculum.
Experts in research psychology will interview former militants to better understand and offer solutions to, civil-unrest and insurgency
This is the most innovative book series available!  I use what I created called the "Layered Method" using shapes, 3D graphics and more
Ever wish you knew what to know from a previous math course and what to expect in the next course? JJ's Prep-Courses will help for all!
New book campaign looks to help bridge the entrepreneurial divide and allows individuals tap their inner Steve Jobs and Oprah Winfrey.
Every Student Can Excel - This is a message every African youth needs to hear.  A self-confident African youth is the hope of tomorrow.
An easy to use guide to reducing and losing your accent in 7 lessons. A modern Hollywood experience, from basic sounds to dialogues.
¿Frustrado con el inglés? Apréndelo de una vez con el único método que aprovecha tu lengua materna: spiiknao.
¡Habla inglés en 2016!
John Milton's religious convictions are often debated in many circles. My project will attempt to unpack his theological beliefs.
A Rare Behind the Scenes Look on the Development of a  NEW Theory.
My book will chronicle the history of public education in Los Angeles by highlighting immigration, cultural diversity & inequality.
In a marketing course but would rather be doing philosophy. Become a benefactor, help fund the first steps of my thesis work.
An exam prep course via LIVE online lectures for the Construction Health and Safety Technician (CHST) certification exam.
Help students connect to scientists around the world and understand the importance of science to our society.
Have you ever visited a scenic attraction, say, the Grand Canyon, wanting to know what was behind its engaging panorama?
Write (and defend) a Ph.D. thesis on emergence someday somehow
Organizing a symposium & publishing the proceedings regarding  preservation of endangered Iranian languages and cultures
coming back soon!
Are your children ready for life? 
Give them the Life Skills they need today, so they can build the future they want.
...
There is a rare wildflower that only lives in one place, near the summit of a mountain. Let's study the plant, and help it to survive.
Bibliographia Iranica is a collective bibliographic blog distributing information on recent publications and events in Iranian Studies.
I need someone to help me translate my book from german to english, it is scientific research
A straight forward step-by-step series of courses designed to fully prepare and assist a student through their first year of calculus.
The Skeleton Key to unlock your potential in dating, business and friendships
Many vets struggle finding purpose after military life. This program helps them reevaluate, refuel and rediscover hope and meaning.
The cave and cavern diving community is in desperate need of a properly developed curriculum to support quality instruction.
A project at the University of Oxford investigating the construction of gender in the human and divine worlds in New Kingdom Egypt.
This journal publication is a series of academic opinion collections from Professors, PhDs on public companies, focusing on high Tech.
I love teaching and recording instructional videos. I require a recording booth to improve sound quality and make it a career.
TRU'NATION is a venture design to support adolescent students (in middle school and high school) from urban communities achieve success
This non-fiction novel is a thorough discussion of the newest wave of changing American opinion on civil rights.
The project aims to create and publish a workbook that fosters innovation capabilities for those who can't afford an expert program.
20 years ago I squeaked by high school with zero hope of a career. Now a corp executive I pull my school records to understand my path.
We make great music for students to learn from. We create excellent curriculum for teachers to teach with. We make learning fun.
Studying bullying from a social group process rather than just victim and bully relationship in order to create an intervention
Our main goal here at PI KAPPA BS is to make everyone feel welcome, loved, and to be part of something great.
Noni is a free, bilingual digital and experiential learning platform designed for children ages 5 to 10, their parents and teachers.
This project will provide open source instruction to students and mycologists to perform intermediate & advanced microscopy on fungi.
Teaching in home sales tactics through experience!
VOCAL COACHING PROJECT™ IN THE WORLD. THE FIRST. THE ONLY.Vocal Coaching Project™ by Stefano Volpe.
Our ambition is to assist you in researching factual information on a subject, and deliver it in a summarized manner for absorption.
A study on anthropology, revelations, and mythology concerning the great flood, the reasons it occurred, Noah and other survivors.
A resource to store records from the trials resulting in the liberation of 175,000 African slaves. Funding is for website programming.
Acting career blueprint. Program provides resources on everything from a successful move to LA to booking your first lead role.
A continuation of my great-grandfather's study regarding what parents think their children should learn in school.
Help us create a career platform that supports ongoing learning
It's time to add value to our youth by breaking bad decision making & provide solutions to affect positive change!
Developing mental health system. Merging fields of Transpersonal psychology with mainstream treatment. Concept Art/Music/Storytelling.
Back to Haiti for MSc and Humanitarian Volunteering at www.tikayhaiti.org. Help me to help others and contribute to my crowdfunding!!
Law school is expensive. So why pay more for your books?

We plan to put all your required first year reading online, for free.
TutorHub.ca is a non-profit web platform to connect tutors with students and their parents. Think of it as Craigslist for education.
Leading an inspired work culture which allows for the personal growth and pathways of employee advancement...
Immigrants need to learn new language, to have a better integration!
An Extraordinary vision to Revolutionize Education. A PIONEERING Endeavor to bring Education and learning to LIFE! Its never been done!
An online course for B2B entrepreneurs and start-ups to learn how to create and win big deals
Developing publications to highlight Georgia state in the American Revolution to support preservation projects
Let's get rid of the cost/weight of textbooks and create a digital vehicle for all students along with giving back to the publishers.
Do any of these supplements actually work?

I will test the recommended favourites for at least a month and publish all the raw data.
Hi! I am currently a Student Teacher in the state of Tennessee. In 2010 I quit my full time job to become a teacher. I graduate in May.
Mit Bounties die Erstellung von tollen Duolingo Deutschkursen beschleunigen, die für die Integration von Flüchtlingen relevant sind!
The point of this APP is to offer free education of natural/alternative medicine in the most simplistic way possible!
Betty Dodson’s life work, Bodysex, must be evaluated and appraised for its potential usefulness in understanding female sexuality.
Reaching out for support for my journey through college. To major in psychology and later make a difference in peoples lives.
I need this chair to cultivate my creative genius. As I finish my PhD coursework and pound away at my dissertation, I will need it.
what I am creating is a series of books on advanced weapons and design tutorials covering the history,politics.science of gun culture
You couldn't pay me to read anything by Jonathan Franzen. Just kidding, if someone wants to pay me $5000 or more, I will.
Let's give it a shot. I pass all the basic qualifications. I have experience in multiple classes of American life.
I have to move to Netherlands in July and I want to study and become a doctor. I am working like waiter, so I am saving every cent.
Learn to build iPhone, iPad, & Apple Watch apps using our easy to follow video lessons with sample code. No experience necessary.
Watching my mother taper out in those years,I was left with a  sense of insufficiency.There is yet so much that we can do to equip them
Help fund my grad school at Durham University so I can research cultural memory in Medieval England! It's expensive. Seriously. Please.
