An anthology of unique and inspiring college essays from first-generation college-bound youth in the city of New Orleans.
Science Fiction for a Middle Grade Audience. An anthology to bring the stars to a new generation!
Tales of giant mechs by Kevin J. Anderson, Jody Lynn Nye, Graham McNeill, Gini Koch, Peter Clines, Jason Hough & Ramez Naam and more!
Zombies Need Brains presents TWO new anthology themes--left behind ALIEN ARTIFACTS and WERE-creatures gone wild!
An anthology tribute to the relationship between Will Graham & Hannibal Lecter, featuring over 200 pages of art, comics, and fiction.
Fresh Romance forges a new future for romance comics with diverse stories for passionate readers.
An anthology of short stories based on Shakespeare's works, and world, but with a dark Lovecraftian twist.
Characters defying the stereotypes of the fantasy genre, defining the indomitable female protagonist!
I've spent years compiling reflections about 'race', ethnicity & colorism! Help me FINALLY get this book published & in people's hands!
An anthology of short superhero fiction from authors like Aaron Allston, Gail Z. Martin, Michael A. Stackpole, and Timothy Zahn
Northwest Press is bringing you an awesome collection of 13 tales of queer female super-villainy from a roster of visionary writers.
A Memorial anthology based on the late, great CJ Henderson and his works, compiled by his friends and fellow authors.
Six collections of six stories each, brought to you in a one-time offering by six of today's most exciting speculative fiction authors
Famous Monsters is making a star-studded comic book anthology of weird & terrifying tales in honor of Forry Ackerman's 100th Birthday!
An anthology of transformative artwork, comics, and stories.
An anthology of science flash fiction with work from Jonathan Lethem, J. Robert Lennon, Lynne Tillman, J. G. Ballard, and many more!
A collection of illustrated, locally-inspired ghostly stories by top horror writers from around the world. Cold blood guaranteed.
Join us in creating a science fiction anthology from 6 incredible science fiction authors.
Tales of the undead... on two wheels, featuring badass heroines.
Latino/a Rising is the first collection of U.S. Latino/a science fiction, fantasy, and other speculative genres.
Short stories (and one comic) set in extreme futures. Dystopian or utopian? It's not always clear.
Creating a rare opportunity for college writers to be showcased in a printed book featuring previously unpublished stories and essays.
American Harmony—the ultimate shape-note tunebook, with 176 pieces, 100 illustrations, and a leading scholar's commentary.
Celebrating and sharing values we hold dear in the District of Wonders by highlighting new and diverse voices from around the world.
A dark and irreverent anthology of Lovecraftian fiction set in Texas and the Southwest.
We're making an anthology of short fiction about haunted houses, non-Euclidean buildings, and other weird places.
We are seeking funds to publish a limited run of Valentines-themed horror stories set at the same fictional Cape Breton hotel.
Celebrating this award-winning series with an anthology highlighting the best in faerie fiction #make100 @BadAssFaeries
Featuring brand new SF, F and WTF? stories by master genre authors James Lovegrove, Gavin Smith, Gav Thorpe, Guy Haley, and many more.
The horror anthology  ZIPPERED FLESH 3: Yet More Tales of Body Enhancements Gone Bad! explores body modifications at their worst!
Women In Tech: The Book alternates teaching career skills with inspiring autobiographies from amazing women in tech!
Modern day gadgets such as your cell phone, laptop, iPod, microwave, or refrigerator . . . all TEMPORALLY OUT OF ORDER!
An anthology of unclassifiables – lyrical, surreal, magical, experimental pieces that straddle the border between poetry and prose
An anthology of stories, photos and art by those who helped shape the first decade of Alaska's Iditarod Trail Sled Dog Race.
Tales of guardian spirits and divine powers by Seanan McGuire, Ken Liu, Alethea Kontis, Laura Anne Gilman, Scott Edelman and more.
The Great Unknown and the Wild Frontier collide in The Weird Wild West with stories by @JonathanMaberry, @GailZMartin, and many more.
From Hollywood to Santa Cruz to Tahoe, Strange California brings to life tales inspired by the complex mythologies of California.
A new volume in our celebrated anthology series devoted to offbeat cross-genre fiction.
See the world through the eyes of your favourite antagonists in the EVIL IS A MATTER OF PERSPECTIVE anthology.
UNDERCITIES is a short story anthology that focuses on queer narratives in an urban fantasy setting, featuring queer and POC creators.
An anthology of heroic fantasy adventures featuring all new stories from some of the best authors in the business.
Crows on Heartstrings is a collection of doomed love stories, beautifully written and illustrated by creators from around the world.
16 tales of cosmic horror set in the fall and around Halloween! Stories by Laird Barron, John Langan, Gemma Files, and others.
Unbelievable, but no sh!t, there I was, seeing a Kickstarter for 24 improbable tales from science fiction, fantasy, and horror authors.
We’re making a cookbook and we’ve asked the stars of some of our favourite docs to send us the recipe that means the most to them.
The Florida Absolutely Needs Girl wRitten Literature Society is publishing their first teen anthology and it's all about secret worlds!
How can we protect a sacred landscape without knowing its stories? When one tribe loses their history we all lose a tie to the land.
An anthology of fables, tales, ballads, legends and myths collected from the communities in and around 6 of America’s National Parks.
FRESH ROMANCE is a critically-acclaimed romance anthology from Rosy Press. Join the fun with a Kickstarter Special Print Edition!
Celebrate Halloween in our 8th annual call for horror poems & tales!
Apotheosis – Stories of human survival and defiance in a world subjugated by the Elder Gods.
An anthology about vampires, zombies, and other horrors from some of the best writers in the business.
A collection of election reflections.  Fiction, nonfiction, poetry, artwork, and interviews in response to the POTUS election results.
The Side of Good...The Side of Evil - A Superhero/Supervillain Flipbook Anthology. Which side is your allegiance to?
Eclectica Magazine is publishing four "best of" volumes (fiction, poetry, nonfiction, and speculative) celebrating 20 years online.
SPECULATIONS K.C. is an anthology of speculative fiction written by authors with association to Kansas City and/or set in the region.
Athena's Daughters, volume 2 is a collection of short speculative fiction by some of the industry's up-and-coming women authors.
ZNB is at it again with 3 new anthologies with the themes of Robots, Water, and Death! Join us for another great adventure!
The Wind is Spirit: The life, love and legacy of Audre Lorde The Book is written and edited by Dr. Gloria Joseph
Trick out your Once Upon A Time... with Gaslight and Grimm: Steampunk Faerie Tales
An anthology from the vegan magazine T.O.F.U. that focuses on such things as sexism, fat shaming, feminism, and more.
A 182-page illustrated anthology of the Shitty Horoscopes zine series! Hilarious, horrifying, and always absurd.
When going somewhere dangerous, take a human.
The fourth annual anthology of humorous science fiction & fantasy, featuring dark humor by G.R.R. Martin, Neil Gaiman, & others.
Upside Down is a collection of short fiction. Each story examines a tired trope or common cliche and twists it into something new!
A collection of urban fantasy stories about supernatural entities in a world not made for them.
A diverse steampunk anthology from your favorite award-winning authors featuring disabled and aneurotypical characters.
Science Fiction anthology for middle grade readers. Bring the stars to a new generation with diversity, representation & great stories!
The Unchaste Readers Series is a Best of Portland, Oregon Reading Series Featuring Women and Gender Non-conforming Writers.
'Catalysts, Explorers & Secret Keepers: Women of Science Fiction' is a take-home exhibit & anthology by the Museum of Science Fiction.
An anthology of original, funny science fiction and fantasy short stories.
The year is 2165. We’ve engineered our own apocalypse, now what? From the Ashes, Rise. Sixteen stories of humanity in the wasteland.
Three women pull off what was thought to be a man's job in 17th Century France in a new anthology from Battlefield Press.
A genre-defying diverse collection of  fantasy and sci-fi stories of cultures, their problems, and seeing life from a new point of view
A collection of 12 Young Adult short stories, featuring warriors who identify somewhere within the LGBTQIA spectrum!
A TravelBook showing PostCards and Letters an artist-father has written to his family from the most unthinkable corners of this planet.
an anthology of 35 articles by 15 humanists
WiPA brings some of the top names in fantasy together in a bold new anthology featuring stories of already empowered female warriors.
Pseudopod the weekly short horror fiction podcast is celebrating its 10th Halloween and is raising funds to pay their narrators.
Thirty stories about sex, sexuality, and relationships, by authors connected to transgender community.
Digital entrepreneurs review their demoscene past. A narrative art book full of 80s pixel-creativity.
From the award-winning author, thought-provoking literary stories, poetry, aphorisms, philosophy, essays, artwork and more
This anthology will not only define solarpunk but examine moments when change can be made by the right people with the right tools.
Err is publishing a book featuring the words, art, and lyrics of over one hundred up-and-coming Twin Cities artists.
A book of bold, gritty, thought-provoking literature & photography from 15 unique contributors. The universe of the body revealed.
FINAL HOURS! Man & Machine from @eSpecbooks - 16 Bonus Rewards Unlocked & Counting! $1 Pledge Level! Chance to Win Physical Prize Pack!
Seven stories and art set in The Wrecked Earth, where daily threats include mutants, monsters, and deadly meteor storms.
We are a group of smart, funny, stressed, talented and self-conscious teenagers in Tampa, Florida.  Welcome to our world!
A limited Lana Del Rey lyric book that you can pray to every night before you go to sleep.
Fantastic Worlds: a collection of fantasy short stories ft. 8x NYT Bestseller Christie Golden (Star Wars, Star Trek, World of Warcraft)
Nine international artists and writers, one book, and an age-old idea – MONSTERS.
A collection of tales from the apocalypse and post-apocalypse.
Women write very good science fiction in Spanish! So good we want to give you a superb translation into English. Will you help us?
Twenty-six mothers in twenty-five different countries describe motherhood abroad in this heartwarming and charming anthology.
The first science fiction anthology to focus exclusively on the immigrant experience. Ken Liu, Lewis Shiner, Nisi Shawl & more.
A collection of rare and out-of-print interviews with Gregory Corso, one of the founders of the Beat movement in American literature
A fantastic science fiction anthology full of brilliant, new authors. A treasure trove of stories for genre fans!
The Open Pen Anthology is a collection of the very best short stories from Open Pen Magazine alongside a new story from each author.
Protesting gold mines in Paradise Valley and bordering Yellowstone National Park 30 Montana writers unite in poetry, essay and fiction.
The Book of Three Gates: An Esoterica of H.P. Lovecraft's Cthulhu Mythos
Critical Hits is a collection of original essays from the finest independent video game journalists and developers
An extreme horror anthology inspired by the splatterpunk sub-genre, which is themed around the idea of "home".
This project seeks to publish an anthology of feminist speculative fiction edited by Ann and Jeff VanderMeer
Cappelens Forslags konversasjonsleksikon er tilbake: CFKL bind II !
The return of the Conversational Lexicon: CFCL Volume II !
The Awakened II brings together seventeen amazing authors to tell their stories of triumph, failure, fear, and acceptance.
An anthology of short fiction about modern fatherhood. Brand new stories from 16 writer-dads.
The sixth volume in an award-winning and record breaking annual 150,000 word showcase of Australian speculative fiction.
Ten unique visions of the underworld by ten authors of horror and dark fantasy color illustrated by Les Edwards.
Help Freehand Arts publish our 2016 anthology, compiling the works of individuals incarcerated at Travis County Correctional Complex.
Colección de relatos inéditos en honor de Sir Terry Pratchett. Con la colaboración de la Fundación Cita-Alzheimer.
Celebrating the 100th Anniversary (about 40 years early) of the classic FIRST Three Stooges trading card series ... RETRO STYLE!
An incredible two-volume collection of new traditional Holmes adventures which take place during the Great Hiatus (1891-1894)
One volunteer leads 23 children in a 10 week course to become writers. Their stories, will help buy new books for school library.
Revamped campaign with drastically reduced goal, to launch Kill For A Copy, the new horror anthology from Dark Chapter Press
The story of a viral apocalypse told through the eyes of twenty authors and their unforgettable characters.
Placer Gold Writers' book "Through Button Eyes" is a multi-genre short story collection that will thrill, intrigue & entertain readers.
Paperback anthology of short stories about wicked plants. Munglewort. Kikuyu. Shoe strangling stew. Cactus. Bugloss stems. Mome raths.
A non-fiction book that shares a collection of stories written by brain injury survivors and caregivers from across the globe
Wrath and Ruin is a debut, multi-genre collection of speculative fiction stories (fantasy, sci-fi, supernatural horror) by C.W. Briar.
Lawless Lands: Tales from the Weird Frontier embodies the frontier spirit of the American West with a wild left turn into the weird.
A science fiction and fantasy anthology. In addition to the stories by the featured authors there will be an open call.
The Long List Anthology will celebrate short fiction from the Hugo Award's longer list of nominated works, chosen by Hugo voters.
New and Emerging authors explore a world where 25% of the United States population change into werewolves one summer's night.
Aiutateci a sostenere VaporosaMente e a farla diventare la più grande festival letterario del vapore italiano
We are publishing a mixed media anthology of reimagined myths from different cultures. All from a diverse selection of contributors!
Think GG Allin was extreme? You don't know the half of it. Fictional stories of GG Allin's weirdest adventures by today's top authors.
Athena's Daughters is a collection of short speculative fiction by some of the industry's best female authors.
14 top science fiction and fantasy authors explore a world in which mankind lives--and always has lived--on a single super-continent!
"I'm Still Here" is an anthology documenting the stories of people with eating disorders. It's purpose is to educate and help others.
The Freehand Arts Project wants to publish the poetry of 15 incarcerated women at the Travis County Jail in a rare anthology.
An anthology of humorous fantasy stories.
We are looking for funds to help with publishing costs for our next two art and fiction anthologies.
All backers become part of the creative process in this eclectic, multi-genre short story collection. Rewards start at $10. Join us!
An alternate history, dystopian shared world project about a brutal gang war between yakuza clans around the 2020 Tokyo Olympics.
Re:Telling, an anthology of recycled material: purloined plots, stolen settings, appropriated characters, and borrowed premises.
This new colour edition of The Art of Deduction features dozens of examples of stunning BBC Sherlock fan art and stories.
A collection of new Sherlock Holmes written by some of today's best authors and told by voices other than that of Dr. John H. Watson.
Haunting tales by bestselling authors based on the antique tintypes discovered by Chyna Dale. Learn about her Peculiar Family...
Bringing together stories of romance, adventure & connection from the game of geocaching! To be released May 2015 at Geowoodstock XIII.
The writings of H.P. Lovecraft have had a profound impact on the lives of thousands. Now is your chance to share how it's affected you.
Author of a collection of short horror stories needs funding to get the book published widespread.
LitCast aims to create a community where authors can share their serial novel work podcast style, gain followers, and make money.
The Long Now Trilogy is an emergent story of time seen through the lens of the founders of faircompanies, who seek its English version.
A terrifying anthology of new takes on legendary monster tales featuring some of today's hottest authors!
Cancelled
A book of real life comedic sayings in the common language of everyday people with key definitions and explanations.
Is the picture true?  So many elderly are locked up without a way to tell their stories.  Help us help them be heard!
TBD
THE ATTIC is a student-run collection of short stories and poems, in Gothic style with atmosphere, adventure and general creepiness.
Step up, as close as you dare, and take a peek at the dark, dystopic, and dangerous stories of At the Edge…
An anthology of today's hottest indie authors to benefit the National Breast Cancer Foundation
An anthology (book) of personal accounts from Afghans around the world. All proceeds to support girls' education in Afghanistan.
An edgy collection of 70+ English short stories from Vietnamese people across the world about our struggles with cultural identity.
Federal revealed. The land, the people, the stop signs. All in one book. 
Profits go to the Federal Park.
A collection of short fiction from many of your favorite SF/Fantasy authors, including Allston, Drake, Stackpole, and Zahn.
Thanks for your interest in the continued success of Cellar Door Books! With your generous backing this will be our fifth anthology.
Neverland’s Library is a fantasy anthology featuring original stories from prominent fantasy authors, and themed around "Rediscovery."
One volunteer leads 23 children in a 12 week course to become writers. Their stories will help buy new books for school library.
An anthology of flash fiction featuring clowns, mimes, and other unlikely clown-type creatures.
An anthology that collects outstanding verse and prose by readers from the long-running reading series, Helicon West.
A dark horror anthology of spooky and unsettling ghost stories from magician William Pack, Jean Rabe, Sarah Hans, and many others.
Motpol firar tioårsjubileum med en jubileumsbok innehållandes de bästa artiklarna från 2006-2016 och en stor jubileumsfest.
A new two-volume anthology of the finest works from this master American playwright and teacher.
The Memory Eater is an anthology consisting of 27 illustrated stories based on a device which can locate and destroy memories.
The good people behind the celebrated "Pigeons of Boston" Facebook page finally bring you an e-book anthology with brand new content.
A collection of texts and images about the human body
A sequence is a series of multiple posts on Less Wrong on the same topic, to coherently and fully explore a particular thesis.
A group of English students trying to publish an anthology of short stories.
Anthology of Bible animals in three volumes, written in the manner of the medieval bestiary.
My book Healdsburg's Immigrants is an anthology of 24 compelling immigrant stories as told by citizens of Healdsburg, California.
An opportunity for kiwi kids to get their work published in a short story & poetry anthology.
Tomato Slices is an anthology of short stories, essays, poems, recipes, and artwork from nearly 50 creative minds.
This beautiful book is a study of the cemetery with art, history, an illustrated map, poetry by local voices and photographs.
Twenty-four London writers explore a city not found in any guide book, except this one.
As you shuffle off this mortal coil, many things will go through your mind. Will you be remembered well? Did you live the best life you
There are stories located everywhere. Odds & Socks is just a handful of them. Want a peek inside my mind? Then, please support me!
25 original poo themed poems configured in a comic deadpan anthology written by two students, and created to pass the time on the loo.
A collection of short stories about away days in American soccer. Told by the people who were there.
10 years of elections, corrections, distractions, journalism, candidates, ponies, press gaggles, pets, crack vans and general mayhem.
We will collect the stories told by Hmong elders in an anthology. The book's goal is to record these memories for future generations.
An anthology of 60 This I Believe essays written by current or former Massachusetts residents from all walks of life.
2014 Young Explorer’s Adventure Guide: Tales of Science Fiction for a Middle Grade Audience. Foster the love of SF in a new generation.
Where did the Rroma come from and how would they act if not  scorned, avoided, chased away, persecuted, spoken ill of or even killed?
This book will be like Robin, full of surprises. He gave the world so much. Let’s give a little back in honor of Our Captain.
A cumulative work of fiction expressing the voice of the individual person from the members of the Murfreesboro Writers Group.
We are building a community where female writers will spend two weeks in nature alongside peers and mentors.
Science and Madness Walk Hand in Hand. 
Skipping, Singing and Laughing Maniacally!
Muahahahahahaha!
An anthology to be written by a group of aspiring writers based in Cairns it'll be a mix of partly true and partly fictional writing
The Necromancer is a true based story.
Project will bring 4 books in PDF,  hard cover format & opening pilot movie.
Xtoriez (stories) is an anthology containing five novels. From sci-fi to teen romance. Help me publish volume 2.
An online and printed literary magazine of science fiction, fantasy, horror and noir.
A collection of short fiction exploring the intersection of magic and technology in our smartphones.
24 women travelers prevail over tribulation when they go it alone. Stories of the wily, intuitive, resourceful, persistent, and lucky.
The Tin Can Bay Writers Group have collected their very best efforts in short stories, plays and poems, and want to publish them.
A book featuring some powerful articles and write-ups written by thinkers, influencers and eminent speakers of the society.
An unpublished book by a famous visionary & naturalist  turn of the century Architect W.S.Wicks waits to see the light of this century.
We Go On is a veteran's anthology of stories and poems written about life after war by veterans, as well as their families & friends.
2015 sees two years of Bunbury. Two years of amazing writing and art. We are putting together the best bits & having a book launch!
An anthology where each tale is as sharp and fascinating as the crows they revolve around.
Your life stories - A chronicle of true stories about real people and real events.  Making your story part of future history.
This is a publishing project. "My Light" is a book written to share the  inspirational teachings and writings of Twain J. Robinson.
Compilation of spells, potions, prayers and rituals by Grandmother Magdalena a 107 years old born and raised in South American Jango.
This is a book of tragedies--how people got through them, and what insights they gained through each experience.
A bite-sized cooking homage to the sophisticated dirtbag for the tastelessly minimalist.
The Scythe Prize features wonderful, previously unpublished short fiction and creative nonfiction from new collegiate voices
Letters to the World is a gathering of testimonies from YOU.
I am an adventurer/ poet who loves to explore life's mysteries and share what I've learned through whatever art form possible.
Hi! I'm Carolyn Denise Owens and I have written Timeless Wisdom: Lessons From Our Ancestors to facilitate dialogue between generations.
An episode guide for MST3K but more, a guide to each reference made in the experiments with some interesting tidbits for all. Tidbits.
Share the joy of the internet with luddites by helping to create a meatspace tome of ironical awesomeness.
See the world through the eyes of an elementary student. Kids share their hilarious and profound thoughts on school, love, and life.
A charmingly apt concept of metaphysical and sarcastic commentaries on popular and (un)popular culture, society, and politics.
Commemorate this historic moment with President-Elect Trump's best tweets of all time, in a hardcover linen coffee table book.
Non leggiamo più , eppure tutti vorremmo farlo .
Cosa manca allora? Tempo, modo, voglia....il libro lo leggiamo noi. State comodi!
Voices of women, some forgotten, provided the impetus and engine for New Thought in America.  Their inspiration is revealed again here.
Presenting personal and community stories in a legacy book celebrating Orillia's 150th anniversary in 2017.
Creating an anthology of narratives about art and the urban environment in Southampton. Written by young authors living in this city.
The Creative Writing Hipsters of Anglia Ruskin are putting together an anthology of work from students past and present.
Help us to publish the latest collection of "A Letter from Ireland" - Irish surnames, places, culture, genealogy and travel.
Art and writing exploring the dichotomy of the human experience and the duality that keeps the world turning
A long awaited source book of creative writing: poetry, short story, drama, non-fiction, for all those who love to write. Or read well.
Stories from within the Kink and Queer communities. eBooks, The Pleasure Den and Lip Service! Our vision for a new wave in publishing.
A collection of stories about one of the most awkward encounters we all have - our first time. How did you lose your virginity?
A new series for a modern generation of readers. Come check out all the heroes, monsters and exciting dimensions!
Flooded will showcase brilliant writing and spread awareness about the realities of concussions and brain injuries.
This print publication would be an anthology of my own literary works.  I seek to enthrall, entertain and inspire others.
A series of books about character education for children. The series follows Evan Osborne and highlights his exemplary character.
Una antología de vivencias, fotos y arte de aquellos que ayudaron a formar las colonias de la ciudad de México en 1950 ‣ ᴱᴺᴳ ᴮᴱᴸᴼᵂ
Project to transcribe Maharishi Mahesh Yogi's pre 1973 tapes.  These will be made into books and a searchable database.
The endless imagination of children's fantasy written in their own stories collectively brought together and published in a book.
Short stories, poetry, artwork and photography from creative and passionate professionals all bound together in a fantastical anthology
Anthology of 12 Dark Fantasy short stories
A collection of short stories from one of the darkest corners of our video store shelves.
At the HWG Press our goal is to produce our own books to promote the Guild and its author members.
Seeing Beyond the Surface an anthology of stories and poems about people with disabilities.
Find a way to memorialize how important someone is in your life while both of you are still hear to appreciate it.
As a professor of holism I support the dynamics of the Soil by creating superficial dialogues during my visits to geopolitical areas.
An anthology for all the women who have been told that they are crazy, when in reality they are in pain.
This book/screenplay addresses the most important issues of the day, in conversational form, with fresh insight and concrete solutions.
100 prompts, 100 stories. Backers provide the prompts in a collaborative writing project. You decide on the genre and topic.
Horror fiction: Six spooky, Halloween-style short stories, each of which are chapters to upcoming novels.
An illustrated collection of short stories about two Chihuahuas as told by Boo, the one with an attitude. Ages: Tween and up.
GirlSpire is Project R.E.A.D.’s 1st global social change initiative, where women and girls inspire one another via literature and art.
After her parents death, Chyna Dale inherited their home. In it, she found a box of tintypes. Discover the story of each haunting image
The Horror Zine's Jeani Rector brings us another stellar line up of 33 famous and soon-to-be-famous masters of dark fiction.
A stunning collection of images from professional photographers and proud cat owners around the world. Available in Hard or Soft Cover.
Compilation of anecdotes, modern folktales, myths and epics based on strange, otherworldly and hyperdimensional life experiences.
Fairy tales from the dark side of Wonderland.
17 spectacular stories to scare, thrill, amuse and disgust in one chilling volume. A collection so good you might just kill for a copy.
Our mission is to get more people to read AND write....now!
A book spreading messages of luv for free to those who are in special need of it. Part of the #sharetheluvproject.
Port Ellen Distillery - the iconic lost distillery in Islay awakened through pictures, the people who worked there and the whisky.
An anthology of science fiction and fantasy stories by writers from Bristol and the Caribbean. With pirates, obviously. Arrr!
A group of Kingston University students passionate about poetry came together to write their first Poetry Book.
This massive anthology transforms well-known fables into darker, more fantastical tales.
The co-creation of an anthology of traditional music, trilingual mythology book, and authentic artwork of the Secoya people in Ecuador
The 2016 U.S. Presidential election is unprecendented. This book highlights the craziness of the campaign as seen through Twitter.
Collection of life stories of some young and old Haitians.
The Love Story Journal is designed to transform loss into creative expression through artist-inspired journaling.
Take a detailed journey through WWE and WCW's journey onto PPV. Every match, every occurrence, every storyline and feud covered.
East Coast Literary Review showcases talented writers from across the globe.
"... tomando las riendas y sacudiéndonos la apatía, hemos decidido crear Apuntes Sudacas, una primera antología..."
A killer anthology from Uninvited Books!
A compilation of eerie and creepy short stories designed to bring back the days of campfire tales with a few new twists.
A multi-genre book exploring other worlds, characters and stories that will have you wanting more. From sci fi to fantasy and horror.
A quarterly literary journal out of South Florida showcasing the vulnerable and dangerous voices of Florida poets and fiction writers.
En  esta edición especial se compendian en un sólo volumen el tomo I, publicado en 2009 y el tomo II, que  permanecía inédito hasta hoy
A douchebag is thrown into a world of fantasy and horror as he is destined to save all existence. (He doesn't want to)
I want to put together and get published an anthology filled with Doctor Who fanfiction from across the USA and the UK.
As a author, I know the thrill of holding a book with my words in published form.  I want you to know that thrill in my next book!
Well, I'm off to the Army. As an only child, my parents are distressed that I am going to be off the grid, so help me keep in touch.
We are developing a where are they now blog on ex Premier League players and what they are up to now called Premier League Heroes
Online anthology that uses Pokemon Go in every tale. Once we receive money, will hold Call for Submissions. $$$ GOES TO THE WRITERS.
LAUGHTER IS.. the BEST MEDICINE..It's your Relationship, Friendship..Your LIFE! Who Wants Typical? Be Extraordinarily AMAZING!  IT'S U
I'm looking to curate a collection of short stories by kids, though not necessarily for them, serving as a humorous guide to life.
A project focusing on the true cost of sexual assault straight from survivors: the people truly paying too steep a price for injustice.
Life got you down? Life giving you problems? We can tell you what to do to make it worse!
Tabetha Jones' lead project is now entrusted with author behind Legend Keeper and Suburbanite's Confessional to give it some muscle.
Help me create a book compiled of creative works for and by survivors of sexual abuse. Reduce the shame culture and facilitate healing!
Artificially Intelligent Automatic Book Writer Publishes Celebrated Literary Product #HedGUI
Chronicles of the destruction of the small country of Sweden, held up as a "humanitarian superpower".
There's a town where idiots are heroes, mules fly & Sumo wrestlers do origami. The locals live, love & die; their stories, AINTRIGHT.
An anthology that's all that's left is the introduction;  right now the anthology will be spoken as it's code name.
WHAM! POW! CREAK! Ever wonder what happens to superheroes when their crime-fighting prime has past? Find out in 10 tales and one comic!
Meet Cute: A Collection of First Encounters is a collaborative anthology of flash fiction stories.
story of visitors from the planet 'devBiyaNetti' (ungodly) of the 'koldKatode' solar system and their quest find easy 'converts'...
A collection of spooky, scary & funny true ghost stories written by everyday people. Backers, submit your story & be in the book!
This project will raise awareness of climate change adaptation, by supporting authors contributing essays to Life Plus 2 Meters (Vol 2)
