The Land of Elpoep by Elizabeth Areson. $1 for an #ebook plus 2 other rewards and you challenge a teen girl to chase her dream. A Deal!
When things get hard, it’s difficult to know what to do or how to cope. This journal aims to be there to help in those moments.
Help me on the journey to bring my vision to life. South Philly Castles is a novel about the bond between brothers, and mummers.
In this Urban Fantasy Trilogy full of fire a young girl discovers a world full of magic and unlocks a deadly secret. Film-worthy action
Improving the way of "living" a book.
You can be drawn in the story and you can interact with others characters through social media!
This fitness program is specifically designed for the yearly 85,000  LDS missionaries that currently serve everywhere in the world.
Today our youth need more leadership training than ever. We developed 5 books (sessions) on various Youth Leadership topics.
Relation ship advice for girls .Great book. There will be ready recipes backed out with hundreds of great examples, and stories.
Follow a young adult who got bit by a zombie and what he does on his last days left on earth as a human before he joins the undead.
A young-adult novel (my first!) about a young man who stumbles onto a secret world of magic located in and around Baltimore.
THE RECOLLECTION OF TREES is a mystical, emotional tale of secrets & self-discovery blending witches, family dysfunction, & first love.
In Emily June Street's exciting feminist steampunk novel, an 18 year old is forbidden from bicycle racing. Guess what happens next.
This Interactive Title Suite - StoryApp Tour & Book - Brings to Life 16th Century Florence & Renaissance Giants: Michelangelo & David
Greg Weisman (Star Wars Rebels, Young Justice, Gargoyles) adapts his YA paranormal novel RAIN OF THE GHOSTS into a full-cast AudioPlay.
Interface is a young adult trilogy set in 2048. 

Big Brother is binge watching.
Can Kiva and DeeDee learn the secret skills of DreamKeepers before it's too late? Find out with this middle-grade adventure ebook & app
Juniper Bray, kinky-haired queer nerd, embarks on a magical adventure in Scotland after losing her grandmother in this YA fantasy.
YA Urban Fantasy Novel of demon-hunting warriors, losing their abilities, and a mysterious girl's dreams change everything.
Fun, easy-to-use curriculum shows girls how to become confident leaders for life through hands-on group activities!
The Adventures of Seamus Tripp are exciting, fun stories for readers of all ages. This campaign brings the books to print!
Four friends embark on the adventure of a lifetime as they must travel to the sites of the Seven Ancient Wonders to solve a mystery.
I'm writing my first book, The Bad Seed. It is the first in my Battle for the Heavens series. Help me and lets make magic! .
A boy genius with an appetite for pranks discovers his destiny when a savage Wendigo slays the residents of Shire Hollow.
The book we wish we could have read, when we were young.
An educational guide to the penis written in a quirky, entertaining style.
Dare to hope. Dare to dream. Dare to be a legend. Be part of a new kind of YA Fantasy novel.
A child has to make adults believe in magic and fight to save the world. Sounds easy right? Read young hero, Jason live the legend.
I would like to get my Senior Project published in print and be able to pay everybody involved in the process.
NexGenReady is a science learning tool that already changes languages. What if we can make it talk too? Help us!
Social Internet community exclusively for Family and Friends, just different, innovative, surprising, Integral, funny.
Publishing this book myself has been my dream since I was 13 years old! This book is the first of five and I cannot wait to share them!
Secrets in the Shack, is the first book in a series of intriguing short-story mysteries that projects the reader on a riveting tale.
We are divided.
Magic is lost to a world beyond.
Scarlet Hopewell is just a normal, imaginative teenager...
All that is about to change
A humorous look at corruption in Connecticut. Tax dollars, the best monopoly money,ever,invented for politicians to enjoy without rules
I am a self-representing author in need of funds to pay for book signing table expenses, promotion, and artist fees.
Please help me turn my Young Adult SciFi Romance into an amazing audio book teen girls (and their mothers) will fall in love with.
A guide to be your own coach for kids/young people.
How to be a great grown up with a strong health and mind.
The exciting new imprint Juventud Press seeks to bring diverse books to young readers often marginalized by traditional publishing.
This is the tale of two extraordinary best friends, who discover a great secret and become adventurers.
At the center of a vast civilization lies Drith, a city of steam & magic, where a young girl struggles to restore her family's name.
Part one of a series of light vs dark; good vs evil and a struggle of power that the world has never seen.
Growing up is challenging.  It becomes much more so when a young girl's family is mistakenly murdered by drug dealers.
A local gang confronts fifteen year old Jared and forces him to make a decision that will split the universe.
A young adult sci-fi fantasy that will surely satisfy. Not like many out there.
Autobiographical novel; an existential Texas honor student's journey from hell to harmony

#suicide #healingisREAL #God
Super Hero / Comic Book themed young adult novel. Funding for artwork and cover art.
An exciting retro future space novella with a 1950s setting. The heroine of this story is a junior space detective named Cosmo.
Help campaign this sexy novel! We need funds for our advertising campaign!
Funds needed to bring an amazing YA Fantasy book to life. Indie author seeking monetary help & readers! Come join the Emaji magic!!
Proven miracles. The paranormal links of this fictional story & the characters that have materialized 15 yrs later will amaze you
This a book about battling demons in the light, discovering who you truly are in the dark, and making a difference either way.
Learn your fretboard notes. There is nothing more elegant or faster than the spin method for learning the notes on the fretboard.
The Oblivion Walker is an original, sci-fi /fantasy novel that I think alot of people would love, but lack the funds to do so.
Risbel is a fashion, beauty and lifestyle magazine for the male youth who cares about the fashion industry.
An online magazine, blog and project. Trying to teach some body positivity, creativity and confidence to girls aged 13 to 20. Help us!
14 year old Arthur S. Holmes believes he is the descendent of Sherlock Holmes. Join him in this new, young adult, mystery novel series.
5 books total in this series. 3 have been published so far. Publisher contributes 0 to marketing. Out of pocket expenses are too much.
New Canadian author that recently self-published two books in the genres of fantasy, young adult and romance.
Retelling, through illustrations, of the Newtown nightmare that occurred in December 2012 at the Sandy Hook School.
Lille Marie had always had a normal life but when weird things start happening, suddenly all she knew is turned paranormal.
Kyle Gray was an average kid in an average world, until a tragic accident during his quest for adventure, changed his life forever.
A YA book by a YA author. Ophelia Ingalls is brilliant, but a series of increasingly strange events forces her to question her sanity.
Creating books that are easy to read but hard to put down for the millions of teenagers and young adults who are learning to read.
Beyond is a novel that gives teenagers permission to be themselves through the powerful medium of storytelling.
The Legion of Nothing is one of the more successful web serials online. I'm working to turn it into a series of ebooks.
Katy arrived at college in L.A. expecting sunshine, all-nighters, and bad dining hall food. Playing lead guitar? Not on the list.
Barbara and Dave are finally ready to print their book! Monies raised will provide pen-to-shelf publishing & marketing services!
Olivia Black, the girl with the ghost hand, is back in the third installment of this innovative young adult paranormal thriller series.
Raising funds to pay for the first print run of my new book "The Patchwork Boy"
Two Sisters, Many Stories, One Dream. Our first book release is Augment, a YA science fiction novella.
An award winning YA Science Fiction novel filled with twists and turns that have captured the imagination of thousands of readers.
Book 2 in the epic SciF/Fantasy Scargen series. Can Thomas find the next Gauntlet stone before he is consumed by The Dragon Within?
Help us restore a mysterious journal from two brothers who stumbled upon a doorway to an alien world. (It's a nintendo parody novel.)
A book ministering to young men of all ages and races. Exposing the illusion of the allure of the streets and calling men back to God,
Before retiring, Destiny McMillion promises to transform the world's four ugliest girls into goddesses using a mysterious procedure.
Help us leave the drama behind - and help us bring this novel written by 9 year old, Mia, to every elementary school in Iowa!
YA novel about a schizophrenic girl and the even crazier people around her.
a novella of courage, loyalty, love, & the heroic journey of a teenage girl to rescue her parents from a terrible curse; illustrated.
Generation Son Novels is a YA Novel series with each of the three books taking you to different lands.
A fast, funny and memorable course in personal finance. Today's young-adults are drowning in debt without savings, we are the lifeline!
An LGBT-themed young adult novel, about a teen girl from Kansas who sets out on a journey to find her true love.
I'm trying to work up the funds to self publish my book Shards: The Bloody Tragedy
Twelve-year-old Shapeshifter, Frances Grubb, is the heroine of an upcoming YA fantasy series. YOU can help bring her world to life!
One day Gareth receives an egg box and out of it hatches a Firecutter, a dragon to burn a hole into another world - Magical Blistag!
The Last of his kind living in a world that hates him. he must choose to become the light for the helpless or watch the world burn
Discover how the power in our names affects our lives, dreams, traits, destiny or future success. An App based on years of top research
Looking to create a magazine series for budding university students. Content will be centred around business, finance and management
An illustrated fantasy novel featuring a brother and sister who must overcome their own emotions to survive amidst a world of cruelty.
Furthering a blog that is dedicated to inspiring youths through personal experiences and opinions.
Evasion continues the story of James, a young sorcerer exiled to The Never after being convicted of murdering his mentor.
Follow a young, disabled girl in her search for her best friend. Nothing, not even a disability, will stop her from finding the truth.
The Beautifully Illustrated World's First Young Adult Fantasy Novel tackling Prejudice and Depression.
LOTUS Life Skills is a comprehensive program including a textbook and workbook to promote personal empowerment for at-risk youth.
Création d'un livre jeunesse mariant voyage, bonne bouffe, amour, New York et Paris!
The Treachery of a Weasel is the sequel to the young adult book The Roar of a Dragon, published by Rowanvale Books.
Six teens await their introduction and ending in this superhero trilogy honoring three special people.
The I Am An Inspiration brand represents self worth and motivation
All it takes is a road trip across the US to find adventure, closure, love, and what it means to live a fulfilling life.
DNA Ahead Game & More™: 3-in-1 Board Game/Pictures Show & Tell/Creativity Kindler Kit covers DNA science and its uses in biotechnology.
A Young Adult novel about a young, attractive college student who uses her good looks to her advantage but not always for good.
Ashamed, the elves have buried everything. But their darkness lives.  One rare boy is now their only chance for survival.
Follow Zora and Nathan Sparks, and the enigmatic Ms. Daisy Kidd as they uncover the magic mysteries of The Laurel Society.
Waves are ubiquitous, science is amazing, good friends are indispensable and it's the mind that matters.
3rd annual YA book festival at the Cambridge Public Library! Free to the public! 24 fantabulous authors!
1 DAY + 25 AUTHORS + YOU = Endless Stories. 
Help us celebrate teen lit with a free teen book festival on March 7, 2015.
Ever been glued to a crocodile? The most embarrassing stories of fieldwork scientists illustrated in a book!
Help us get to 1,000,000% funded! A black comedy mystery novel about loss and grief and junk.
THE DRAGON KNIGHT is the newest addition to James A. Owen's bestselling Chronicles of the Imaginarium Geographica series of YA novels.
A YA, sword & sorcery fantasy novel!
SONG OF LOCKE is a novel about a boy on a quest. It's inspired by Legend of Zelda, and it's written by a student of Brandon Sanderson.
A British Historian in the American South Writes Quirky, Smart, and Funny Multicultural Transatlantic Time Travel
A careless Cupid gets dethroned and joins misfit fallen angels to battle hell's army, save Olympus, and hopefully regain his crown.
Plan A teaches how to reclaim an adventurous dream-chasing life by rejecting the behaviours that made us settle for Plan B.
To keep you safe, 15 year-old Taylor Rivers, fights the demons lurking in our world, but he needs your help to complete his mission.
New Young Adult Releases from Silence in the Library: Urban fantasy, apocalyptic science fiction, paranormal romance, and epic fantasy.
"Rinnaeh Vart" è una saga urban-fantasy a sfondo boys love, dalle sfumature horror e con un pizzico di fantascienza.
Help launch the long anticipated sequel to Evertaster! Get a copy of Evertaster: The Delicious City before everyone else.
Sky Child is a YA Dystopian book in the spirit of The Hunger Games, Divergent and The Maze Runner.
When we are free to be ourselves, we are powerful. When we work together, we can alter the course of humanity.
Book 3 in the Renegade X series, about a supervillain teen who discovers he's half superhero.
Illustratus presents 13 originally illustrated ghost stories that are sure to excite and terrify a new generation of readers.
We send tween girls monthly Treasure Boxes with inspiring female role models & positive messaging to help empower girls to be great!
An alternative magazine for teens. We are a collective. We aim to inspire young females to collaborate and encourage creatively.
A young adult novel of superheroes and family expectations.
Think Harry Potter meets Avatar in the center of the ocean with a young girl who is called to by the whales and now we're talking.
Book 3 in the Ava of the Gaia series, about Ava, one of the last remaining guardians of Earth's magic, struggling against a mortal foe.
An epic high fantasy novel filled with magic, mystery, and political intrigue… while challenging what it means to be truly free.
Daniel Blackaby writes his final book and gives readers what they have been waiting for in Lost City Chronicles, Earthly Trinity.
Can one girl win a war?  Magical but historical, Risuko follows one young woman along the first steps to discovering who she truly is.
Meet Phillip Stratus and his family, and travel with him on his interplanetary adventures in the future... and the past.
What would you do if you lost your voice? - Young Adult Urban Sci-Fi Fiction from New Zealand author E.G. Wilson
1999 is a bi-annual magazine that celebrates and encourages creativity in all forms.
To hide a terrible secret, the cadets of Mars Colony One have their memories altered every week—until one girl remembers everything.
With the right tools anyone can #CureYourWorld.
Shifters.Inter-dimensional travel.A prophecy. A girl who can save her world...and others.
I Love God: A Devotional for Tweens and Teens written by Jaden aims to help his peers grow closer to God one verse at a time.
We are independantly publishing our first book, and we're trying to get it off the ground!
A new YA urban fantasy novel about AT, daughter of a monstrous father, and her attempt to save the soul of her mother.
Dice and Bones: improving math skills with a couple of dice and a set of dominos, one student at a time.
"Hook" meets "Final Fantasy" in this young adult novel sequel to Peter Pan!
The Queen’s Heir is a teen fantasy novel about a teenage girl
& her adventures in a mystical world of fantastic creatures & conflict.
Get your mermaid fix with this great YA urban fantasy. Diving, car crashes, swimming pools, accidents, kissing, this book has it all!
The search for the third Symbol takes the Alliance to an island in the South Indian Ocean in the year 1650 AD, a very dangerous place.
Young Adult fantasy and adventure novel similar to Percy Jackson series. Funding also supports literacy presentations for children!
The Kirin Rise Series is back! The Shadows Unleashed the sequel to book 1. A new comic book version, and The Cast of Shadows revised.
Learn to control your dreams alongside Phillip in this fun new book series written for young readers. Be a powerful True Dreamer!
The debut novel of Ethan M. Kleinhans, 'The Venom Spell' was completed only just after his seventeenth birthday.
A collection of short stories depicting the experiences of Audrey Smith at fictional Heritage Wells College, a prestigious HBCU.
Sweet, guided interactive journal to help young girls and women come to realize their true value through the eyes of the King of Kings.
Sequel to the successfully Kickstarted book: Secrets of The Tally, rated 4.9/5.0 Stars on Amazon. Fantasy, Action, Mystery, Young Adult
Romance, intrigue, murder—what more could you want in a world consumed by plague?
16-year-old Aurora's world is interwoven with magic, Nature Spirits and a mysterious steampunk time traveller; their quest: save Earth!
Discover how a young girl named Lily became immortalized as the Witch who brought the world's end in this Young Adult Urban Fantasy.
A young man travels to Maine to start over, not realizing that his life is actually about to begin for the first time.
A YA novel about love, baking and that weird summer between school and uni when everything's ending but you can't start anything new.
A teenage girl discovers her best friend is depressed, but is it too late to save him? Or herself? Based on a true story.
A fantasy adventure story about archaeologists, vicious pirates, misplaced immortals, and a rescue mission to southern islands.
It's time for cover art and design for A Final Way, the third and final book in the After the Collapse series from S. A. Gibson.
An apocalyptic novel unlike any other. Bone chilling, emotionally entangled, and twisted. Get your first edition copy now!
This is young adult fiction that inspires us to explore real places in  our solar system. No glittery vampires allowed.
Top Classic Hollywood Movie Characters Every Teenage Guy Should Learn From
A young adult fiction novel about three teenagers growing up in Miami and learning about love and friendship.
Nora and Zane face off against the malicious wizard Sinistrel once more in this sequel to Daughter of Mythos.
Experience the darker side of YA as 13 authors explore the places others prefer to leave among the shadows.
Watcher is a YA fantasy fiction.  16 year-old Coda's life as she knows it falls around her as she's introduced to the world of angels.
Two Otherworld races secretly battle for Earth. The outcome writes the fate of humanity.
Sword shall guide the hands of men....whether she wants to or not.
Bringing together highschool girls & professional women for a day of exploration, empowerment & possibility one courageous act @ a time
The Lifecraft path (The Body Way, the Spirit Way, the Beauty Way and the Service Way) to equip each individual with new Life skills.
Audio Book read by professional Voice Actor & Parsec winner Jon Bell, an intense romp-teenaged Super Heroes battling to save the world!
A young girl's journey of personal growth, both inspiring and intimate, written by a teen for other teens who want to shine big.
Book Two of the critically-acclaimed Stormglass action/adventure series in paperback.  Rollicking, smart read for early teens!
A young adult science fiction novel about one boy’s attempt to survive after all the adults in the world have died.
A superhero's origin. The journey of a thirteen-year-old orphan set to change the world with the power of the mind.
Base jump out of a nuclear explosion? This thriller stealthily invokes key maths concepts to enable the hero to do this and much more.
A literary magazine facilitating the feminist conversation in our generation. Written by and for young people!
"Secrets Are Most Dangerous After They've Been Forgotten." An eleven-year project to create the perfect mystery in a world of suspense.
All The Things I Could Never Say is a contemporary young adult novel featuring LGBT+ characters by Jackie Rubashkin.
The Boston Teen Author Festival aims to unite the best of young adult authors with their fans, old and new!
The fourth installment of "The Spellbound Railway" series is ready! Time to print copies, run some ads, and spread the word.
The creation of a book for YA (& adults) readers featuring stories by author Judith Cullen with artwork by illustrator Rick Geary.
An Astounding Young Adult Science Fiction Novel Full of World-Changing Stuff, Just in Time for the Holidays
My YA novel  Becoming Death is a tale of family secrets, falling in love and questioning your destiny.
Bittersweet words about childish things, such as growing up, depression, bullying, race, drugs, and birds. 
Art by Kira Beaudoin.
Third book of the Bible, Leviticus, comes to life in this riveting collection of short fictional stories. Biblical Fiction at its best!
A dark adventure that will have you forget to breathe - without stereotypical characters and love triangles.
A YA dystopian fantasy about a world that's falling apart, the fallen angels who rule/oppress it, and the girl who just might save it.
N. L. Kerr is an eighteen-year-old author living in Riverside, California. This is her first novel.
Alee discovers she is the only surviving Dhampir in history. Part vampire and part witch she struggles to find herself and her purpose.
Shattered by tragedy, Lucy, 15, goes to boarding school where she meets a mysterious musician who teaches her to rediscover herself.
The third installment of the Amazon best selling YA series the Secret Seekers Society.
...Before i was the confident comedian you see today.  I had a bit of a stalking habit in high school.  Read the hilarious true events
Sky Machine is the sequel to the ★★★★★ YA Dystopian novel Sky Child, and the 2nd book in the Sky Child trilogy.
I am hopeful to raise the funding to supply each middle school student in Central Florida with a free copy of my new book.
I have spent the past 3 years writing book one of a proposed YA fantasy series. I need to raise $225 for advertising and editing.
This book is about a tough, sweet, real teenage girl who will steal your heart. This is a story for anyone who is or has been a teen.
Monsters exist, magic is real, and sometimes there are worse things than death.
Hi! I'm Izzy, a 12 year old author writing my 1st book. Casted is about a girl, Emma, who discovers she is descended from Runecasters.
I am looking to kickstart a project to enable my daughters to publish a book of travels, photos, journal excerpts, etc.
Come with Mandisa as the two of you embark on everyday adventures of a teenage girl. Feel free to write thoughts after each story.
A teen girl turns to the Internet and to fandom in the face of difficult realities. Told in blogs, internet chats, and fanfiction.
While Ora slumbers, her soul passes to a twin body waiting in a mystical realm. When she wakes, she is shadowed by Demons and Angels.
LIMITED EDITION: Leadership Lessons with All-Star Athletes who want you to win in sports, school and life!
A gritty yet human look at a young man's battle with addiction and mental illness as a gay teenager struggling with self-acceptance.
Here it is, a chance to own the first Foster High t shirts ever made!
People expect greatness out of you!But how do you show something you've never been shown?This book gives men the tools to become great.
When Ellie South puts on the locket her late father left her, a new world is triggered of Fae-Janu Magic and unexpected adventure.
The Boston Teen Author Festival is bringing YA to Boston! We aim to unite the best of young adult authors with their fans, old and new.
LOST DOGS is a YA sc-fi novel about two dogs who survive the end of the human world, only to find that their struggles have just begun.
A YA fantasy/adventure about the dangers of treating people as objects to be consumed.
Need a great read?Begin with a normal girl, add unwanted powers, new friends, a killer vampire-lizard& the fate of the universe. Blend.
The second book in the Fadeaway series picking up with Danny in college as he struggles to choose between basketball and his sexuality.
Oiseau is the story about a penguin flung from home because of to a Civil War who's sent to grow in a Strange Land.
On her epic flight around the world Kitty Hawk experiences new places and adventures in every book. Where will book #5 take her?
An app for smart devices - both Android and Apple. Explore a vast world of fantasy and mystery. Join Telt on an epic journey.
A trilogy about a motley crew of stray cats on the Adriatic Sea who overcome their differences as they face rats, ghosts, and more.
Help publish "A Hero's Curse" ~ a fantasy novel about a young blind girl, her snarky cat, family secrets and a vindictive daemon!
The first two books in a steampunk adventure series about Charlie Ridley, spy, soldier and girl in disguise.
After 6 years I'm ready to publish Book One of my Mer series. -- Valerie should've drowned in the pool... But a merman saves her life.
SUP is a new independent design, fashion and lifestyle magazine based in the UK. We have recently published issue 2 on a small scale.
In a world without hope, a young girl and boy conquer fear to lead a world to defeat evil and regain hope and a victorious future.
I'm an author that created a mission to raise the awareness and consciousness of the youth by investing in them through writings.
Fate Not Chosen is a YA Fantasy novel, 9 years in the making. Bringing this story to life and into readers hands is what I live for.
Raising funds to organize a book signing of my debut novel at the local bookstore.
After a young novelist is pulled into her story's world, she begins to question whether authors are true creators or mere messengers.
We have some exciting books coming this fall! YOUR support can make all the difference!
A collaborative project between an Army veteran and a cancer survivor, this is no simple kids' story, though it features five of them.
This is an idea to create and advertise a website (via the internet and material to print publication) that will benefit today's youth.
I want to professionally edit my YA book that is currently self published through Amazon.
Crowdfunding memories
The first in the 4 book series. My comical day to day adventures as a new college freshman trying to figure life out.
Kalle Talbot celebrates surviving her sixteenth birthday, but the Norwegian Homeguard rejects her application so she builds a supersuit
My mission is to create an educational curriculum that will educate young adults on the topic of personal finance and money management.
Reaching out to Troubled Youths, helping them get off drugs & out of Gangs. Building bridges between youths and the community.
Levi and Sarah are back for another fantasy adventure. In a corrupt world filled with Vampires, their choices matter more than ever.
"In the Seam" is an illustrated novel for adolescents of all ages, featuring a host of complex characters trapped in a surreal realm.
Sent back in history against his will by the mysterious Alderman. The first book in the Jake Wilding Adventure series.
I have a finished YA paranormal fantasy novel. Incredible story, amazing characters, and violent action with huge crossover appeal.
Found this digital artifact on twitter and it has inspired me to write about it to further translate.
Eldamore is written for the young adult genre. This story is an adventure that follows one man's life and how he impacts the world.
This magazine is a mix between FHM and PC Gamers, made by gamers for gamers.
In a realm ruled by a king with dark magic, follow Laila and Caleb in their journey to self-growth,awake a dragon and save the Kingdom.
Prince Destan doesn't believe in fairy tales or magic, but that doesn't stop them from turning his life upside down. (YA novel series)
The year is 2040. Rory is 15 years old and checks out his dad's Interactive Virtual Reality equipment. What happens is unbelievable.
I'd like to create a participatory platform for my book (FR) - Je voudrais créer une plate-forme participative pour mon livre.
An original Fantasy Romance series that creates environmental awareness in teens. Funding will go towards editing Book 2, The Equinox.
I'm a 19-year-old kid trying to fund the publishing of my first novel, The Introverted Memoir.
Hero adventure book series for young LGBTIQ adults.
Beloved Magazine is a faith based digital magazine written by and for women 18-25 years of age.  
https://lark-reely.squarespace.com
A book full of hope, loss, friendship and love.
Inspired by the nostalgic desire for adventure, Spring-Heeled Jack is a book any child will enjoy
Overcoming the Odds is beyond a page turning book it is a movement.  It is a provocative approach to inspire, inform, and engage.
Actively seeking young authors for publishing. We will re-define, re-invent, and re-imagine what people believe kids are capable of.
Dive into a surreal world after nuclear war, where the need for water brings adventure and soul seeking to a small band of survivors.
Freak is a young adult novel that deals with bullying and coming of age. It pairs a young man who is severely burned with a blind girl.
Eine Reihe wirklich lehrreicher und und dennoch aufregender Kinderbücher zu kreieren bei denen die Kinder wieder Spaß haben am lesen.
War of Eden is the next big Sci-Fi novel series. In vol 1, The Garden, Jane starts a war to find out what it means to be human
Set Life Magazine is dedicated to providing that positive Motorcycle Club Lifestyle image.
Life as a young adult experiencing life most middle aged people haven't endured yet, Illnesses, deaths, homelessness.
To publish inspirational books to encourage young adults to realize their value & self-worth. Life is too short to not know your worth.
A science fiction/fantasy saga with heavy emphasis on friendship, temptation, redemption and love. Vampires and werewolves included!
The world needs this book.  It predicts the future of social media, and how "We" will fight back against greedy corporations.
This is a great story about a little girl, her love for ponies, her desire to win, and her goal to help a unicorn find her way home.
Terafire Prime Chronicles is going to be a series of epic fantasy Books based round magic, wars and the return of the nine gods.
Through this project we hope to raise money to complete, print, and distribute the fourth book in The Hogarth Saga, Hogarth's Return
For three years I suffered from Anorexia Nervosa and Bullimia Nervosa. I want to share my story and help inspire others to get well.
A harrowing cyber-fi adventure, 500 years into the future, where one girl's simple decision is met with cataclysmic consequences.
This is the first book in a series of three. It is a Young Adult - Dystopian - Romance/Adventure.
As an indie author, I need some help printing paperback versions of my YA dystopian book and making promotional SWAG!
Elite pro-mod est un magasine ou tout passionné de voiture peut être le sujet et ou les événements seront affichés+ les conseils tuning
Developing a College/Career focused workbook for students and adult learners to record planning steps for school or job searches.
Young Adults manual to life!
This first in a series of books to educate and empower teenagers with knowledge and real skills for life.
A wingless fairy. A plot against the kingdom. A destiny unknown. Set off on a quest where magic is key and heroes emerge.
A finished but unpublished new fantasy novel. This is the prequel to a series I would like to start.
Writing the sequel to the young adult fantasy adventure The Elderine Stone - Dreams to Destiny.
YABO is a wild ride filled with dashed expectations, awkward love, self actualization and a three-headed Chihuahua on steroids.
A cautionary Narrative of the blisters and aches that epitomize a period of extended adolescence once you leave the comforts of home.
Five high school students, one test of mental strength, loyalty to friends and to music.
Progress: 15 chapters complete/6562 words.
We want to create a small guide for new students, so we can share our experience.
NEW YA Sci-Fi Novel Series A new superhero born out of a luck and need, a 14 yo boy dons a alien supersoldier armor to protect us
The Fall of Fel'Duhr is a young adult fiction about a group of role playing gamers that find themselves trapped in their own game world
Into my life you will see negativity, 
negativity turn to passion, help me move forward.
take a ride with us in this crime novel about brotherhood, the pursuit of happiness and small town living.
Book on my life to show youth what freedom should mean to them, and show why life behind bars isnt the way to go!
“One saga capable of destroying all, one faith to shatter your very belief, one journey longer than the rest"
Help Portia Adams, the new consulting detective at 221 Baker Street.
A dark comedy collection of stories, words of no wisdom and quotes that are straight to hell. If you enjoy mayhem, this is for you.
Receiving superpowers from the Earth to combat an ancient evil is a profoundly demanding task, but society may be the biggest problem.
An epic fantasy adventure for young adults featuring powerful sorcery, mystery and romance.
The perfect book for ANY woman. Complete index of easy start-up's and projects that really pay, most with no upfront cost.
I am creating a book about sexual abuse.   Being a victim myself,  my hope is that my book will give at least one person hope.
The story of one man's emotional struggle to balance University, fatherhood and a mysterious power - seemingly linked to his new wife.
Geeked Life is a online forum for people to share there experiences with the latest gadgets such as video games, movies, mobile games.
Read it. Let me know what you think. Thanks,  Arthur
Love #yafiction w/ heart? Look no further than #SingingAbovetheWhiteNoise, a story about four unique, passionate millennials. #redlands
When an accident occurs in a New Mexico University, many of the students start exhibiting strange mutations in this super hero comedy.
Our purpose: EXALT, EXPAND, EXTEND
To live above labels: To be apart of the solution. 
-Timothy 4:12
Venessa didn't believe in anything supernatural until she met Jason— the guy that ruined her life the moment he stepped into it.
What happens when middle schoolers learn gossipy secrets of their teachers' personal lives? Help us illustrate this comical chaos!
Abandoned is book II of a Young Adult Fantasy novel series. The story and characters are influenced by anime.
Enslaved- a fun adult novel is in serious need of being published. Saucy characters, a fun fantasy world, & a new take on vampires.
Get my Gothic YA novel, The Rose Master, to Book Expo America in Chicago this May!
By Light of Phoenix is a Young Adult, Action/Adventure Novel ready for printing and distribution.
Libro recogiendo todas las experiencias, consejos y momentos que he vivido como mamá, MILLENIAL, desde el embarazo hasta ahora
The sequel to an award winning self published book. Support this project and be one of only 30 people to own both first run editions.
Self Publishing the first installment of a YA Fantasy trilogy. Raising money for the full project from start to finish.
Getting published isn't exactly that simple. So, if you'd like a fresh thrill ride in the young adult section, I'm your girl.
Youth novel about a Longhunter in 1750... It has adventure and survival skills.... Great to get young readers ... READING.!!!
Lotus, 0033321, "I don't exist is what I am told.I am on a never ending wheel of servitude.Why? I am a Non-Existent"
Novela de Piratas y Corsarios impresionante donde guerras, misteriosas desapariciones,leyendas, cuentos y decenas de tramas se esconden
Gloop! Magazine is a news publication written for tweens and teens with a mission to educate young people about current news.
We are self publishing a second edition to the book "The Dark Lady" and we need some help!
10-book series to be released over 6-7 years, with opportunities for merchandising, animation and radio plays.
Four Princesses convene together to a marvelous Castle in Bavaria, Germany to get away from the warring, but soon find themselves...
Be a part of the beginning of something amazing! Support a great up-and-coming young-adult, romance, fantasy novel!
Finn's history turns out to be a lie.  Which will prove the greater enemy: her emerging and unpredictable magic, or a deadly new foe?
A story of financial troubles of a boy who grew up in a family of gamblers. In depth view of how to avoid the clutches of wagering.
Goss is an international woman's movement made to inspire and empower Girl Bosses. We will have weekly content on everything Women.
I want to surprise my girlfriend with this kickstarter project to fund her own book she has been writing on for 6 years.
What's your first love? My main character in "Hope Remains," must answer this question. Afterward, he's never the same.
Matt Granite goes to a big league baseball game. By the end of the night he will be the San Francisco Gladiators starting catcher.
Looking to publish my first YA novel, a mystery surrounding an ancient Paleo Native American tribe.
Il s'agit d'un petit livre (80 pages) répondant à des questions existentielles sur la vie courantes qu'il faut avoir lu...
In an attempt to have creative fun I decided to revive 90's freedom and unity styles using postcards and greeting cards!
This will be a remastered edition of my first book The Elemental Conductors with better formatting and updated content.
A romantic vampire fantasy about a Cambodian-American teenager destined to be a powerful ruler.
I've put my life story into a poem and I want to share it. As a survivor of incest, abuse and abandonment I want to give hope to others
Kindness is the opposite of #bullying. Now let's get together and apply it. http://nosuchthingasabully.com
I want to publish a book, but it's going to cost a lot of money to do so. If you could help that would be great. Thanks.
This book is about a young boys' journey thru childhood; through the eyes of a child. It is a child's view of an unstable adult world.
Book series on social issues
 Full description https://itunes.apple.com/us/book/will-and-davis/id1000880160?ls=1&mt=11Donate & Buy
Fallen Blood, Broken Love is the first in a new YA dark paranormal series.
THE FORSAKEN TRILOGY is paranormal horror, either ebook or paperback. The gates of hell have been opened and teen Nick Davis is the key
We are a team with roots and long experience in the Viking world. We start the world's first modern Viking lifestyle magazine.
Students at the Gearslingers Institute on Mars study to be the Red Planet's next generation of explorers, engineers and mechanics.
The All-Time Series – time travel through dreams and mind wars.
Haunted Fields is an examination of its characters' fears: of teenage angst, family secrets, hysteria.
Un site internet ayant pour but de promouvoir l'entrepreneuriat féminin, avec sa partie E-shop et sa partie Blog.
Got tired of waiting for the next best thing after Twilight? Here is a new predicament that changes everything we knew about vampires.
Angels On Earth is a play for children. My goal is to pay tribute to Newton's twenty children, and to help children to become angels.
Edit, Illustrate, Color, Produce Book 2 of the Invictori Honorabilis Trilogy. Base series that will lead to 34 other projects to come.
Nate Torres always wanted to be the hero of his story. Unfortunately the Universe has other plans.
Dive into the spiritual world of light and darkness with our Young Adult Fiction series about fallen angels and their descendants.
A book for those like myself that need answers to questions they might not know how to ask. Intuitive, intriguing and intellectual.
A sciene fiction adventure book for young adult featuring Aliens mystery and action. softcover book with 280 pages long.
Energy is a book about Psychic College (and zany students!) Please help me attend the Pubsense Conference, to kick off my career!
In the future nothing is wasted, not even you.
My book is for the ample amount of young-adults out there in the world hurting, and needing some encouragement in their lives.
I have been working on this story for about 3 years. This book is aimed at young adults looking to explore an exciting, romantic world.
A book for all fathers young and old who are struggling with the weight of depression. My story and how i coped.
No more words, excuses, and hiding.  People just have to accept my vision and me for who I am.  Get ready and expect everything.
Hello! My name is Shane. I am a father of 4 and a husband for 18yrs. I want to write a series about what I think it takes to be a MAN.
Harper Lee got a gift of a years wages to take a year off her job to write whatever she wants. She wrote, "To Kill a Mockingbird".
Writing can be a solitary art, but does it have to be? I want to change things up. Be a part of creating a YA novel . ..
You have the power to change lives-- including the authors. Help share a powerful story with the world. #TraceTheGrace
This book is your heart in my hands, your pain left by my strokes, a story you could never say out loud until now...
Teenagers with rare superpowers racing against against time battling a world destroying prophecy in The Cosmic Heroes Trilogy Book one!
What do you think when you hear "Vampire"? What if I told you—you were wrong?

Paranormal, will never be the same.
Unlock the hidden treasures through empowerment.  Be guided into self-realization.
This is a ground breaking story that is sure to captivate teen readers. Better than the hunger games!
Two worlds live on Earth, one hidden, both powerful. And it's  two magical teens that will save them.They just don't know it yet.
A multi-media resource helping parents and teens address topics traditionally considered too taboo to discuss.
Publiceren van trilogie 'Kronieken van Nieuwe Aarde' als hard cover omnibus, nu ebooks succes zijn!
Tyree Tomes is a family operated business of Indie authors. We're trying to get our 4 works in progress completed and out for our fans!
New educational sessions to increase social inclusion and reduce racism/discrimination i.e. homophobia, sexism, cultural bias etc.
Monthly book subscription box. Items to help any bibliophile curl up and relax. No need to shop when we get the goodies for you.
Asperger awareness via publication of my son's story. Books will be distributed to schools in all major cities across the US.
Where reality and fantasy come together in an epic tale about a girl who discovers that nothing about her life is as it seems.
A teenaged psychic creates a team of other superhumans to help him track down the failed experiments of genetic engineering.
Storybook is a subscription service that sends you exciting  monthly boxes focused on YA fiction books tailored to a chosen theme.
Fundamental financial truths that need to be shared with the world!
Eleanor is cast into a world of mythical creatures, political conspiracies and inner turmoil all to save her mother.
YA Fiction, a girl discovers the truth behind an eerie fog and the village it hides. First book in the Redeemer mystery series.
I've been working on this book for 4 years and I've finally completed it, but I don't have the funds to get it published, please help!
The fight to save a cursed race through the ultimate sacrifice.
What if the wizarding world of Harry Potter was one of opulence and wealth, but also deadly games and lethal abilities?
I plan to learn Portuguese and pursue my desire to write my autobiography in the language. However costs are high. Any help is awesome!
The Will & Consciousness: characters dialoguing for direction, individual initiative, self realization, insight, awareness, hope.
Written by an educator, this young adult novel is set in London, Paris, and the medieval walled city of Carcassonne, France.
I am disabled and I have struggled against bullying and discrimination since a car accident. Now I want to try and bring it to a stop.
Please help me to self-publish so I don't have to give away any power &/or ownership to an agent. Writing is what gets me through. <3
Think 'Odd Thomas' as written by John Green. An urban fantasy and supernatural adventure when you're still trying to figure out life.
YA Paranormal Thriller - What happens when Armageddon is the only way to save the world? One teenage girl is about to find out.
Follow the journey of Jayden Lugian as he discovers a world full of magic, family, and monsters
Take a journey through time in the next best selling young readers novel.  Invest in the imagination of a child
I recently published "As Craig Sees It" on the Kindle store. Help me raise funds to publish a paperback version and spread awareness
The I Am An Inspiration brand represents self worth and motivation
Since 2007, i have been taking Benzodiazepines on a daily basis, im clean now, but i want to spread awareness to other's
A place for all sorts of content creators to sell their creations. Common items would be video productions, music, and video games.
The Dragon Within Us blends Eastern and Western cultures create an innovative Super Hero,a Chinese Cultural background Harry Potte
Sanctum of Aevum is a massive universe. A dark space opera  series with multi 3rd person POV odyssey. Read the Prologue!
Hello, I am a 25 year old self-published author who would like to obtain a better computer so I can continue writing books!
"Witch Way Home" is the first in a series of Young Adult Fantasy Novels that will appeal to the young and young at heart.
Making A Difference in young teen Lives
The Medallion is book II in an award winning fantasy novel series. A tale of addiction, betrayal, forgiveness and love.
vancebooks.com
There are legends and there are truths, for Lexi Harper, they are the same. "Aria's Light" is the first book of the Lyndara Prophecies.
Two kids discover an abandoned toddler bigfoot in the cellar of their farmhouse.Approximately 250 pages for 4th graders on up.
A novel for teens and educators about what goes on in the mind of someone with social anxiety
Roman Story: Ein miserables eSport-Team entdeckt Biokinese und macht das grosse Geld.
My complete trilogy that I feel will greatly speak to those who love stories in the realistic SciFi category that I want to publish!
Kid Stew is an illustrated macabre book that is perfect for gloomy teens and adults that require a grim bedtime story.
A story of Luck, Unfortunate Events,Crazy lifestyle,Failures & How to Pick yourself up, that will allow self help within young adults!
I want to get my story out to the world , and hopefully help other young ladies who feel the same way as I once did .
Publish a do-it-yourself book on how young teens can handle bullies, thugs and harassers at school, work and home.
Have you been looking for a brand new Young Adult series that is similar to Harry Potter? Then Jaxon Stewart is the book series for you
FIRE EXPLORER
A novel that follows a group of young heroes in training as they fall into their fathers footsteps to become firefighters
Appalachian Cowbilly Willy becomes crippled in rural Thailand. His Companions (and Antagonists) are Intelligent Chili Dogs! Intrigued?
Kovu is an English light novel series that focuses on a prince who wants to save his nation from his greedy father.
Raising funds to offer my eBook as a print book and host a book signing at a local bookstore.
Self-publishing a young adult novel set in Germany 100 years in the future.
Our current generation has a shorter attention span so a 300 page book isn't appealing. This is the first book of a series. 20 pgs max
Help a small-town girl publish her first novel.
Filled with dragons, adventure and magic, Jaxon Stewart is the book series for any fantasy lover.
Soon after Josie is accepted to music school, she loses her hearing. Now, if she closes her eyes, it's as if she doesn't exist.
Lost in the Alaskan rain forest, a teen meets a orphaned Bigfoot. Or did she imagine it?  Will anyone believe her?
When Devon finds a mysterious journal titled "Katie's" he wonders if it ties him to Katie, a strange yet interesting classmate.
Come travel with a mom and a Dad as they try to convince a hospital something wasn't right to save their daughter's life.
Human history is thousands of years in the crafting, our destiny worth killing over, and our origins a matter of conflict. Well...were.
I Love God: A Devotional for Tweens and Teens is written by Jaden Laster, a tween following God's call in his life.
Ndiritu Wahome will be launching his book,The Sad Artist, at the Storymoja Hay Festival, but he needs your help to get his books there.
"My name is Evangeline and this is my story; a tale of how I learned who I was… not a demon, or an angel, but what both make me…”
Books and greeting cards with everyday words of wisdom and advice that you can send to your loved ones.
Are you a Drink Head?

We need your help to achieve our goal of providing a magazine, app, and club card for Drink Heads.
Rylie thinks her biggest problem her sophomore year is going to be landing a boyfriend; little does she know she's a vampire slayer.
A field guide to the reptiles and amphibians species that can be found at the Boy Scouts of America, Camp Mitigwa in Iowa.
Website for coaching teens career, post high school life, and anything they want to know more information about.
It’s an upper-class, steampunk YA adventure, where high society descends into anarchy after an invasion of the rotting undead.
Mystical Mirror is a young adult fantasy about the magical Land of Mistasia; featuring wizards, sorcerers, and captivating creatures.
I'm in the process of writing a young adult book. It highlights aspects of equality across gender and species; environmental issues!
A remastered edition of my first YA book, The Elemental Conductors. Now with electrifying new formatting, images, and updated content.
An epic tale, spanning years and several U.S. cities—as well as the mind—and challenging the fabric of human history.
They fell in love over 400 years ago and burned for it. Now he watches over her but she doesn't remember their past life or love.
I have always wanted to be an author, despite being dyslexic. Help me bring my characters to life.
A thrilling, suspensful, fantasy novel in need of funding for publishing.
A  fun adventure series about two boys who fix problems in ways no parent or teacher would approve of.
Fictional story with tools to combat bullying, improve self-esteem, inspire acts of kindness.  Resources from an anti-bullying expert.
YA Fantasy Novel - An escape from reality into a world with a million possibilities.
A book for young adults, that love the world of fairies, elves, nasty little redcaps and even nastier things that go bump of a night.
The project is the completion of a short novel and study about the parallels of warfare between the physical and spiritual worlds.
Join our team and become a part of this ambitious 3 book YA-Fiction project!
The Batman; told like never before. A legacy from father to son spanning throughout the Civil War
In "The Merchant of Death", author D.J. Capella brings us the next episode in the ever-more-complicated life of Damian Cardone.
All it takes is the road trip of a lifetime to learn the true meaning of family, love, and adventure.
Help support the next book in the Advice Avengers series: Corey Leads the Way! The Advice Avengers: Volume 7, by Meg Kimball.
The Road of Anxiety is a book of interviews from across the U.S. detailing the hardships of different types of anxiety disorders.
Werecats descended from ancient Egyptian gods vs. Brutal evil Werewolves, and a a girl finding her destiny while coming of age.
This Book Is The Ultimate Guide To Finding True Love With A Real Man.
Unique and methodically written. Be a part of our first published book as we take you into a nightmarish world of the Palebloods.
Looking for the funding needed to get my novel SIDEKICK back into print, and its sequel BROTHERS IN ARMS to print for the first time.
After 11 years of preparation, Superstruct is a youth medieval science fiction novel written and set in the month of October.
I am looking to publish my book. Little Black Cat in a Santa Hat. I won a National Veterans Creative Arts writing competition for this
A story of impossible love. Teaches what to do when you want something that is not God's will. Biblical and pre-millennial guidance.
A Canadian modern fantasy tale about a shy Asian teenage vampire who has to protect her sleepy suburb from a time traveling wizard.
To garner support for the publishing of my book I am placing the names of contributors and their pets, past and present in the book.
Thorn of The Foretold is an illustrated Science Fiction / Fantasy novel set in distant future on Earth.
Ungewollte spannende Abenteuer auf fremden Welten.
What if a perfectionist was diagnosed with bipolar disorder and struggled with her self-worth until she realized her value?
Nineteen is a gritty, coming-of-age, YA novel that takes the reader on a journey to a world that most have never seen.
Join Sophie, a young girl with an overwhelming destiny, as she learns the world has more dark secrets than she ever thought possible
Ten Seconds Later stars Taylor Billing, an everyday girl who dreams of becoming a high-fashion model.
Follow Eliza as she is ripped into a world that shouldn't be, and confronted by a past and a man she can neither remember nor forget.
Imagine dragons and humans co-existing in harmony.   On Avery Isle they do just that, incorporated into finest wine company in Europe.
Just when you think you're gonna become all powerful... you become possessed by a demon alien bent on playing chess with humans...
Lose yourself in a magical world of adventure and heroics without having to worry about any inappropriate language or scenes.
I am Creating the Largest and most in depth Review of The Cause of Cancer. I lost my father last year and need to tell my story!
An action story of a young man searching for the truth.  Think of it as James Bond mixed with Jason Bourne and Indiana Jones for kids!
This is a book about rape, a real life dramatic event from my history, and the effects it had on me as a young girl.
What started out as a one-act play evolved into this novel of a Jewish teen learning how to be part of the world around her.
"Your Title Here" is a crowdsourced book project, featuring a plot that donors decide upon, right down to the smallest details.
Make reading fun and exciting again for your family with episodic illustrated novels released weekly and grouped as seasons
My novel is available on Amazon. I am looking for additional funds for an improved edited version as well as marketing capital.
When teenage Jim Cabot accidentally creates a time machine, he travels to fight with Joan of Arc he learns history can be misleading.
Children’s books individually customized by language for all kinds of multilingual families. Choose up to four languages per book!
Dancer by day, by night Melody Tango becomes the mysterious high-stakes amateur thief Samba. Energetic action in intriguing Brazil!
A story about the loss of a grandmother named Sunday, the magic weaved into her scarves, and the legacy she leaves behind.
A novel for 5-7th graders about the first genocide of the 20th century through the eyes of a 10 year old child survivor.
I wrote this series by hand. It is the story of a family that will be divided by legacy and destiny. One will make a choice to save all
The life journey from the eyes of a problem child during his personal growth, into the gates of psychology
Murder, horror & Ghosts! The perfect thriller mystery all rolled into one book.
Haggis and Crum, two young elf friends, must save the human and Other World from the destruction of the Black Plague, can they do it?
A book about grumpy teens, generally unpleasant neighbors, a disembodied arm, local politics, an exploding swamp, love, and rock music.
A fantasy series about a young woman who must find the power to defeat an evil that wants to consume her.
This epic story of dragons, their world and us is complete! The next step is funding for final illustrations and publication!
A bullied boy in 1976 New Jersey is having the worst year of his life, but then he makes an amazing family discovery.
Sometimes you need to hold the written word in your hand, to smell the hominess of the page, to feel the smoothness of the paper.
Taking the sugar-coated cliches of love and isolating the raw reality of desire within them. Understanding their coexistence.
"An astonishing phenomenon, as old as time yet known to none, is discovered by a team of young scientists. Now they must keep it safe."
Vivi una magica avventura,scopri un'oscuro passato, maledizioni  e oscuri segreti ti aspettano un nuovo regno della magia.
The story of a boy deprived of his memory.
It will be catapulted into a world of magic where he will meet a host of friends.
Felix tries to discover his identity in this fantasy clash of Drakonai Vs. Paladins wielding their souls, Naeri, as partners & weapons.
pitchfork media decides the fate of musicians today. 

transcendence is only achievable with a p4k review. 

faux diy 4 lyfe.
Sci-Fi Paranormal Fusion that will keep you guessing until the end. ..Become a Part of the Story.
Ratgeber für Jugendliche wie man sein Leben in geordnete (D.h. sittliche*moral) Strukturen bringt. Auch schön f. Erwachsene. [Tested]
Girl power, killer flower, man-eating horse, magic of course, schemers & dreamers & awesome characters!
Writing the book turned out to be the easy part. Getting it published, way harder. So a little bit of help + a lot of people = magic!
Short Stories that leaves a deep urge for you to read the next adventure and where it may take your mind?
Every Crooked Kindgom is the YA novel created from my genius, weirdness, and sadness. I am sharing this story. It needs some edits.
Join seventeen year old Rayn Mirago on her Sojourn to prove her worth in this exciting YA dystopian adventure.
Tools that empower people to take action on their goals, deliver amazing experiences, and make life easier, fun, and more rewarding.
A novel following the life of a young boy with an unusual amount of quirks, and how he overcomes unimaginable personal obstacles.
A completed novel, fiction. Coming of age story about a girl in prep school in New England. Sex, drugs, Euro-trance-rap music suicide?
I'm trying to gather money to make it possible for a hobby book translator to focus a bit more on the translation.
The Strict Press is a magazine for the Oklahoma CrossFit community. We plan to connect all gyms and related businesses statewide.
a young girl, barely legal is forced to deal with the trauma of losing her sister, raising her niece, and survivor's guilt all at once.
I am writing a novel based around a pack of wolves. The novel itself if aimed at younger audiences of between the ages of 10 and 14.
Finally turning 16, Cain is about to embark on a journey to bind a spiritual creature to his soul in the fantasy realm.
I want to write stories in the home I never had. I live in southern Alabama with my mom who can't understand my sexuality; I love a boy
Dark Fantasy series involving children's toys, mythological monsters, dreams and the relationship between kids and their stuffed toys.
The Game 1.0 is the 1st chapter of a 6 book's NERD saga. It tell about 3 friend that can create the life... Life in programming code!
A coming of age tale about a boy discovering his own sexuality and the inner struggle to reveal the truth and find peace.
The Ink Shadow, a dark fantasy for mature/YA readers with a strong female lead, is the first of a series and my first published novel!
Magic is real!
Readers will not only enjoy reading about sayzrs (wizards), they will learn how to become one.
This series of young adult novels will be a journey into a unique world where the story hinges on a character who is the Laakamae.
I'm a first time author/illustrator who would like to self publish a children's book about a magical traveling circus.
Writing a fantasy book in the form of a diary.
The subject is a young woman who could see supernatural creatures.
Join the adventure! By becoming a backer, you can help make possible the printing and marketing of my first novel, Caladrius Dreams.
Exploring Mankind's Relationship with the Creator
Project will be an artist and I working together to create AWESOME artwork for my Book series Save the World Academy!
Lend Me a Smile is a book I hope will inspire teenagers going through similar situations while increasing awareness and entertaining.
Be part of the release of Kevin Fair's self-published debut novel, the story of a teenager finding love...and tragedy.
A chance to back the 13th installment in a breathtaking series for teens and adults that has been downloaded more than 750,000 times.
We wanted to do a simple illustrated book on endangered species and global warming so kids in China will help control these issues.
Our society is full of young men who were called to stand out but are dying to fit in. Someone needs to know different is acceptable.
Roxie's dad was a policeman, Mikey's dad a criminal. Their lives are more intertwined than they knew, can love truly overcome anything?
Why does the monster kidnap the princess? Why are heroes always orphans? Is the monster the bad guy? Life of a Monster King say's no.
A book about bullying: Silence prevails until tragedy strikes, unleashing a series of events & the start of a profound transformation.
A photographic book about the most impressive adaptations in animals and birds living in the Arctic archipelago of Svalbard.
On your 14th birthday each child gets one of 5 special powers. Only Charlie's do not come as expected and it takes him on a journey.
Trapped by a sorceress who loves chess, Bailey must learn to survive in her game, and face the choice of being a pawn or a queen.
An honest novella about the effects a mother can have on a son. "Player's" aren't always the coolest, sometimes the most damaged
RETOMANIA es un libro de retos con el que te divertirás siempre
CHALLENGEHOLIC is a book based on challenges and it's entertaining you
After my 23rd Birthday I decided to place a conscious effort towards my growth and development in every area of life. This is my story!
Urban Fantasy Series serves as a supplemental resource in character education for youth from culturally diverse backgrounds.
Help a former mental patient turn his eBook into a paperback.  Typesetting and graphic design for CreateSpace.
The Most Painful Thing in Life is a story about a teen boy dealing with bullies and confidence by finding friendship, hope and courage.
A book that highlights on subjects that are not often taught in school, to help navigate young adults through the next steps in life.
Simple really, I want to take my newly single best friend to Bali to have a pity party & document her road to sassy independence.
A thirteen year old girl finds an ancient artifact that has an unforeseen effect on her life.
Spiritually based life skills addressing the multi-cultural challenges of urban children, youth and families!  Read our story...
I am Woman... Hear me Roar is a series empowerment and motivational tools for women no matter what walk of life she is in.
This is Juliette.  She is my 17 year-old daughter, and she is writing a book about growing up in America and Germany.
Evolution is constant. It does not negate any religious belief, it is simply a matter of fact. Natural selection is not blasphemous.
My youngest daughter has asked me to help her write a book about a ghost cat... We've started writing but need funds to publish.
My dream of becoming a published author is quickly coming to fruition, all I need is a helping hand with associated fees.
Far Reach is the completed, self-published first book in the Breakaway Chronicles science fiction series.
Book that will assist young adults in understanding money and learning the truths about financial freedom and wealth creation
This is a cannabis cookbook filled with easy dessert recipes that you and your friends will love!
Take a chance & pledge for my novels & help turn my novel into an animated game with StudioXG <3
I am a former coach and have written a small book, that I hope will teach many Which Road to Travel in life. The funding will cover the
Ive been work on some short stories and novel and finally want to publish them and get the out there but need some help doing it.
A book about nine children called Mahou Card Masters. Their fate is to sustain good and destroy evil, which keeps the world in balance.
Take a chance & step into a unique fantasy novel!
A young girl who decides to remain a virgin until marriage but goes through unsettling setbacks after meeting the new boy at school.
The Agents of Clean® are on the scene…. GLEAM ON®!!!!
Original method to solve mixed ability learning problems in classrooms, reduce costs and enhance motivation.
Now this curious doggy is ready to win the hearts and minds of a new generation of kids. Woof, run, play and snuggle.
A world where leaders dictate your every action and one false move means arrest, Brigham will do anything necessary to escape.
We should not fail to teach and love today's youth. You can help make a difference and affect change by sharing or supporting us.
I have a dream to publish a novel I wrote to spread awareness and hope for people who battle mental illness and addiction.
A journey from very first menstrual cycle,feelings during and after her cycle, definition of what it is and why it happens.
This is my life in story. It's the only I actually have and I feel the urgency to share it. It is about, sexual harassment, bullying...
Writing to bring entertaining short love stories for memorial  moments to the world
One Day I Woke Up With My
ROOMMATE

Living In A Marriage Without A Relationship
Nullity. A place. No place. Every place. Nullity is the story of surviving a new place by being the person you never knew you were.
Savior is a book written by Kelsey Knight of Winnipeg Manitoba Canada. I am looking to publish this book through McNally Robinson.
The autobiography of a young, gay man on the journey to come to terms with his father while battling alcoholism in a wild city.
When an old enemy comes back to town CJ must rise up to his destiny or else the world will fall to darkness
Daily quotes that will inspire and motivate you to be your personal best.  Today's adults need a daily boost of "Go Get It!"
A solo RPG based on the Old West.  Items, skills and money collected can be taken into next book.  PDF format book, probably.
Want to start a creative writing/multimedia workshop for my 30 students who will use lab to publish multimedia projects.
This is a story about three American young school age boys who takes on an adventure to travel to the primitive part of the Philippines
This is a book for young female readers, exploring strength and friendship after experiencing loss.Adventure ensues as lessons learned.
Publishing is hard. Please help me achieve my dream!
With all that is happening  with the children being bullied and resulting to violence, Something needs to be read and related to.
Unwitting heroes catapulted into mystery, the supernatural, and love.
To the Church In Philadelphia  .
Jamboree 2017 Photo Haiku Project In Kickstarter (art posters category)
A teenage girl discovers her best friend is depressed, but is it too late to save him? Or herself? Based on a true story.
here you will find all the info you will need about this kickstarter!

https://www.facebook.com/groups/1157387400939233/
This YA book examines the fan mail generated by Ryan White's media.The funds will place books in all Indiana school districts.
A family education is guide for reconstruction of  happiness
Helping young professional women navigate fashion, beauty, health, and more. A real blog with real experiences.
It's often said, " the truth will set you free". In this book we will explore truth we've inherited and the truth we tell ourselves.
This is the first book in the trilogy The Council of the Seven. It follows Baden’s journey from boy to man and servant to revolutionary
Hero In The Mirror is a concept designed to teach today's youth a sense of higher purpose and identity, to WANT a better future.
Sir Floyd Entertainment CEO Lloyd Payne aka Sir Floyd Lloyd seeks to raise $3,000 to published his debut book in paperback
Scared of becoming who you truly wanna be. Stop letting fear take over you. Pledge here, and learn more.
I'm a 19 year old trying to create books for everyone to read for a good cause. book is about pain and self esteem.
Want to understand a Sci-fi Book before you read it? Then why not watch a short video.
I've written a short story about my experiences with schizophrenia, and I'd like someone to fund my publishing.
Help us get this book into the hands of those who need them most.
The website will contain a novel divided into episodes released once a week, but I need help funding it and money to advertise!
A teen who must learn to be a hero
Una historia de amor imposible a través de la distancia y el WiFi. ¿Conseguirá Enus el amor de Juan, a pesar de las dificultades?
Deceased Student's Message: "Acetaminophen is NOT your drinking buddy!"
Selfharm, book, writing, life stories, foster care, coping, you are not alone, listen to the younger voices.
A billboard campaign to raise awareness about jury nullification.
A book about a Women who struggles with Bipolar Disorder, Schizophrenia and sever depression through the eyes of her husband
A touching memoir of a 14 yr old girls journey of watching her dad fight his losing battle with Cancer
The premier event of Sin City magazine commits to being the aesthetically pleasing platform for the aspiring eclectic connoisseur.
We've all been sent emojis that we don't know the meaning of. This book will explain the most common use of certain emojis and response
All That I Am Publishing Company would like to offer a computer lab for aspiring authors so we can motivate,encourage and inspire them.
This is about a girl who gets raped. Thing about is that she liked the dominating aspect of it.
I would like to share with everyone one of the booklets I wrote entitled, “Kwotes, Quotes, and More,” 101 quotes about life.
We will not rest until we have put a smile on every face in the world! We need funding to work on www.kcandwt.com on a full time basis
Fantasy novel based on the book of Revelation for young adults
I am creating marketable science fiction properties that can be used for movies, TV, video games, comic books and other media.
I want to publish my book to help someone else realize that they aren't alone and will survive because people like us are survivors
This is the story of a lost little girl. This book will take you on her journey of domestic abuse to self abuse. A journey to God.
T.S. Teens magazine is a magazine designed to encourage, inspire, & promote transexual teens all over the world!
The Anxiety Book that is for the everyday person.
BDSM is hot, but what is it? Is it something to spice up your sexlife? Or is it a lifestyle? We bring you the answer.
I'm writing a book using people I know and myself as main characters.  Help me make this book real.
This is a program that targets young adults and bullying in all walks of life.
L'écriture, c'est mon passe-temps, ma vie. Je veux partager cela avec vous. Donnez-moi en la chance.
Magazine that empowers young girls and women 13-19...
Wanting to finish Publishing the last 3 of the book series. Also to have it adapted for Tv mini series.
A Teen Series  that addresses social, friendship, and relationship issues in multicultural settings.
Ichor is a print-only lit magazine for Young Adult readers and writers, featuring fiction, non-fiction, interviews, book recs, and art.
A book based on secrets
Helping teens create a creative writing blog that inspires healthy relationships can change our world! End online bullying. Be kind.
A half-elven outcast girl who must decide between the darkness that hunts her or the sword that could both save and destroy the world.
The first in a series of novels set in a universe of secrets, danger, and romance. The Journey will change humanity forever.
I want to hire an editor to read my book. But my funds aren't very good. If you help out you'll bag yourself a copy.
Three service animals go on a journey of self-discovery to learn: Sometimes you shouldn’t trust your eyes. You should trust your heart.
A novel filled with friendship, love, strength and spirit.
The Sandlot Gang is a new teen-detective series that features kids who live with autism spectrum disorder and solve mysteries together
Help create audio book for 5-star rated YA Sci-fi Novel.
Olivia V's life takes a turn when she has a month to find a husband after promising her father that she will get married in New York!
Join seventeen year old Rayn Mirago on her Sojourn to prove her worth in this exciting YA dystopian adventure.
People expect greatness out of you!But how do you show something you've never been shown?This book gives men the tools to become great.
Stig Stimorol våkner opp en dag i en verden som er blitt sprø. Eller er det ham? I tillegg har han gått tom for tyggegummi.
Trying to get this great story out to more readers!  Who doesn't like Dragons?  This series will merge modern day and Dragons.
Do anything and everything absurd. Cliche? Yes. But do it! And if you're crazy enough, write a book about it.
An Urban Fantasy. The second novel in the well-reviewed series of Benjamin Brown.
Reflection Magazine is a start-up publication with a mission
to empower young women of color to feel beautiful in our society.
I have finished and self-published 68,000 word YA novel entitled Six Points of Light and I need to have it edited.
I am the author of a YA fantasy series inspired by the life of my late sister. Let's make her the next Big Thing in literature!
I am one that has a dream of taking a page and making it come alive. This can happen with your help.
Electronic NOVELS filled with full color ILLUSTRATIONS and ANIMATIONS. You not only read a great story, you can watch and hear it!
I'm making an audible audio book of Making Bad Choices, a New Adult Romance novel by Rita Stradling. The narrator will be Maureen Hoff.
The foundations of history and the mysteries of astrology are magically blended together in the newest series for young adult readers.
Goldilocks Wears a Weave is the first in a series of inspirational and humorous books for children with a universal message.
I would like help making a companion graphic novel or a regular graphic novel of this story plus write the series to this book.
The unique dystopian tale continues; when great tragedy strikes, the Treemakers must flee their newfound paradise with a shocking truth
Love, Death and Adventure. Tragedy forces a teenager to face a new life; that of a Blood User. Blood lines all three plots in this book
plus size clothing magazine full of ideas tricks and real life plus size problems and solutions and even better REAL PLUS SIZE MODELS
A movement dedicated to exposing youth to the urgent need to invest time,effort,energy & enthusiasm into their high school experience
I've professionally published the first of the trilogy, but life has made it difficult to save money to get the other two out there!
Ein, nein lieber, mein Buch, welches bisher schon von zwei Verlagshäusern akzeptiert wurde, doch bisher an den Kosten scheiterte.
Delve into the secretive world of American Summer Camps and experience what the hype is all about in this incredible diary.
This new exciting series of books takes you to the mystical place of Peru with the Guardians chosen by Inti the sun God.
Bee Debt Free is an informational Guide Kit geared towards high school and college students looking to graduate with less college debt!
Personal Finance Education is entirely over looked by the public education system. BTT will help bridge this gap.
Centers around the Shining City, the only light remaining in a dystopian future, & her citizens' actions. New author, preview included.
Heading off to University is scary! This book will cover all aspects of surviving and enjoying higher education. From recipes to study.
A three year journey comes to a close, and a newer and furrier one begins...
Home is where the Hate is. An outcast teenager returns home to face a lost past and to discover if he, "The Monster" deserves a future.
Be there when the ogre dung hits the fan in the second installment of this fast-paced, ship-worthy fantasy series.
Dystopia, fast-paced action, dictators, and a secret so big it will change the world. I need your help bringing this to the world!
Find out how Karma, part-time spunky highschooler, full-time ninja in training, takes on dangerous missions and foes in her new book!
It began as simply an adventure story to entertain my grandkids but when I saw the potential for an anti-bully message, I went for it!
The second book in the new Young Adult/Social Media ebook Series, The Adventures of Rex and Ted
Saving Sasha's Song is a tale of a beautiful young woman who is avoiding her Christian duty to bring people to God through her singing.
Help me raise funds to market my novel, and plan and promote a press worthy mermaid-themed launch party
Books, coffee, magic! Fiction Addiction is a Young Adult book subscription box for fantasy, sci-fi, and paranormal readers.
This is the third installment in The Adventure of Paperman trilogy: a highly imaginative fantasy adventure book for children.
Based on the true story of a girl who was abused as a child and how she has overcome obstacles life has thrown at her over the years.
In 2015 we reach the 800th anniversary of the Magna Carta! This book celebrates the event with a gripping historical fiction adventure!
I need a cover made for my new book. Looking for any help!
This is a book about love finding its way past rumors and about surviving a murdering mystery man.
This is about young individual person, who is on drugs substance and also suffer through with health form.
Luke is afraid, forced into the Nazi SS he must come to terms with being gay and help save the people he was taught to hate from them!
The goal is the to humanly write the worst book on Earth! Why? The real question is, Why not?
I wrote and self published this book and now I really want to get this book noticed by readers that can relate to the story.
création d'une maison d'édition principalement axée sur les romans fantastiques destinés à tous.
An exclusive blog about a 18 year old millionaire.
The blod will consist of fashion, cars, sport, travelling and much more.
How to deal with social services and liars that work for them before the worst can happen
Hi there, my name is kyrano and i'm a Starting collumnist,
And i want to realize a book about A boy who has autism.
Gaby esta estudiando 6 meses en la Universidad Jaume I de Castellón, España y me gustaría visitarla en su cumpleaños el 27 de junio
Het is simpel. 400 Mensen leggen €50,- in en krijgen daarvoor in de plaats €10.000,- terug!
Just Keep Looking
A curated, bi-weekly subscription box for all the bookworms and fangirls alike. We're inspired by reading and the boys of our books.
