Help us print Avenue Journal January 2016.
My Medication Journal® is a Doctor of Pharmacy approved medication organizer and app designed to help prevent medication errors.
Living in a high rise condo lends itself to knowing no one. If you spend time in the lobby, that's a different story, that's my story.
The English edition of the Dutch best seller Amsterdam Slaapt, with amazing stories about one year every night another Amsterdam hotel.
I am gathering stories from abused women and men all over the world and writing a book to help those in domestic violence homes.
I - RoNnIe is my life's story.. It almost killed me to write it and I'm hoping it might help save me
I'm a 24 years old ts... With this book l would love to provide all my anecdotes and memories across the years since I was a child
Skirt is a quarterly publication by women, for women, about women. All women. We want to create and promote dialogue and story sharing.
Necesito fondos para poder acudir a una residencia artística para escritores en CAMAC y terminar Estocolmo 69, mi primera novela.
Este libro es una historia de transformación, donde encontraras herramientas muy útiles para lograr la vida que quieres.
Our Magazine's tenth issue featuring poetry from around the world bearing witness to the injustices of Empire.
Aid Immix--an online journal for progressive thinkers--maintain it's website and domain rights!
I have been working for the last year to get the journal started. We are almost there but we need your help.
Collecting editing and other miscellaneous fees to help get this project published and available to readers and fans.
POC Destroy Science Fiction! is a special issue of the Hugo-winning magazine LIGHTSPEED, 100% written—and edited—by POC creators.
Queers Destroy Science Fiction! is a special issue of the Hugo-winning magazine LIGHTSPEED 100% written—and edited—by queer creators.
We are a student-run, eco-friendly literary arts magazine that features local UCSB artists and writers.
Manor House Quarterly is an international art and literary magazine that cultivates the cross pollination between contemporary medias.
The second in a print anthology series showcasing the best fiction and poetry published by independent journals in New England.
Architects, writers, photographers, and readers discuss libraries as public spaces and how we collect, keep & share information today.
Supermachine Poetry Journal is an independent publication in need of funding to print our 2011 literary season. 
What is the all-volunteer Guernica planning? Paying writers, creating e-books and special issues on politics, art and culture at home.
Nat. Brut is an online magazine! Nat. Brut publishes art, lit, and humor! Nat. Brut is moving into print! Nat. Brut is your family now!
We have two goals: finding and publishing great storytelling regardless of genre, and fair pay for creators.
After ten years of publishing free online content on a daily basis, Guernica is going analog. Pre-order your copy of our first Annual.
Our little literary magazine wants to get bigger. We want to print books and more issues and editions. We need your help.
Award-winning Nowhere Magazine publishes longform travel writing that doesn't just tell a story—it takes you to a place.
Zenith is a printed magazine of unique art and writing from local teens from Hawaii. We need your support to fund our founding edition!
Gigantic Sequins is a literary arts journal looking to put out its 2.2 issue this late spring/early summer. 
Catamaran Literary Reader is a print magazine with themes rooted in California.
Tuesday; An Art Project is a biannual, letterpress-printed journal of Poetry, Photography, and Prints.
The Los Angeles Review of Books summer interns have once again taken over the print magazine. Help us bring it to print!
Flyover Country is an independent monthly literary magazine dedicated to promoting writers from the Midwest and Midwestern literature.
A new journal focusing on poetry and short fiction that walks the line between literary and speculative fiction. Will pay pro rates.
The Scrimshaw is Judson College's arts and literary magazine, completely produced by students.
A new literary translation series featuring contemporary voices from around the world.
The second installment of Wizards in Space, a literary magazine to bring awareness of original works to fandom spaces and beyond.
Vitality is a lit mag full of awesome stories featuring lgbt+ protagonists, where the focus of the story is NOT their sexuality/gender.
A collection of literature and art that shatters boundaries and challenges conventions. Our mission? To #PublishWeird.
After seven years of award-winning digital publishing, Nowhere is bringing literary travel writing, photography and art to print.
Support and celebrate Northwest writing by helping Moss print an anthology of its first three issues.
Minola Review brings the conversation between women to front and center, creating a safe and nurturing space for quality work.
Join us in creating a new publishing "space" (get it) for original works in fandom.
peculiar is a new queer literary journal that aims to showcase the prose, poetry, and art of Utah’s LGBT/Q authors and artists.
The Capilano Review is re-inventing itself as an independent magazine in a Vancouver office. Help us launch our new venture!
The Boiler is an online journal started in 2011 and to celebrate our two years of success, we'd like to print an annual anthology.
A magazine that takes ordinary and everyday ideas and deconstructs them to question the narrative of societal concepts and norms.
Turn the sublime fiction, humor, and satire of The Stoneslide Corrective website into a genuine, paper-based life-form.
Help support Brevity Magazine's two upcoming special issues on gender and race. Get great books and essay critiques in return!
A bimonthly magazine of confessional writing and personal essays
Support The White Review, a London-based magazine promoting the best new art and writing in print, online and through live events.
Neutrons/ Protons is a literary humor (and comics!) journal in print and on the Internet.
The LJF is a new literary magazine, preparing for our first print issue. But first we need some support to see us through.
The 2015 LARB Summer Interns Make a Magazine of Their Own
Independent community literary magazine & small press in Phoenix, AZ needs your help to stay alive
Banshee is a new journal of exciting, accessible, contemporary writing from Ireland and around the world.
How did we get to the new century? Ride the wave with gnarly SF writer Rudy Rucker---mathematician, cyberpunk, transrealist, prof.
A quarterly print publication that does justice to the game we love—from tennis' buccaneering past to its modern global culture.
A new literary journal of poetry and prose.
We are a community of visionary artists & storytellers who believe that everyone has a creative bone and the will to embrace it.
kBlJ is a new journal of art and literature. We will publish quarterly issues featuring strange and beautiful creations.
Cured Quail is a journal of critical theory that takes seriously the aesthetic, social and conceptual problems of literacy.
An upcoming magazine setting out to show university students what they really are by encouraging and satirising them in equal measure.
The first issue of a new literary volume focusing on poetry, art, criticism, and non-fiction.
The Fridge is a new student-run magazine of literature and art.
The Quilliad publishes poetry, flash fiction, short stories, & art by Canadian writers & artists. We are proud to pay our contributors.
ZYMBOL Magazine: Symbolist master artist GAIL POTOCKI reveals her FREAKS series. CLIVE BARKER's Dream Notebooks. Best new literature.
The Purple Halo Journal is a Creative Literary Journal of Art, Enchantments, Music and Soul
After our successful inaugural issue last fall, we are planning the second edition of the aois21 annual and want to expand our reach.
Transnational artistic communities and independent publishing in Paris, the City of Light.
BACKWORDS Press: your favorite t-shirt as art, featuring more engaging words, and supporting more writers.
A horror and fantasy journal featuring short fiction, essays, poetry, reviews, and art by both seasoned pros and talented newcomers!
For the spring we'll be publishing the stories/poems of veterans and civilians on the experience of war and its impact on their lives.
Th' Ink is a literary journal of stories and poems I've written. I intend to fabricate hardcover books at home.
I tried for a release party last time, but that didn't work out, so this time I am trying HARDER!
This is to get My Cancer Card funded
Void Magazine is a journal of art, writing, and good books. Be inspired. Fill the Void.
A stunningly-beautiful new book-format literary magazine of cutting-edge writing presented in eye-popping layouts.
We want to create a journal that tells people that literature matters, that words can change the world. For the better.
Seven poems, seven invitations to a richer vocabulary of experience. Each poet offers a reading guide for another poem in the issue.
Official literary journal of the University of Glasgow. For £3, you get a copy of Issue 37, at our launch party or via mail!
We met our goal for printing the 2016 Unique! Thanks to all who contributed. Further funds raised will go to print the 2017 Unique!
Literary Journal dedicated to the Students and Staff at Brooklyn College
Pelorus Press is a poetry magazine created to explore the active process of writing. Art is not just a final product. Art is living.
I am raising money to offset the cost of publishing my new book Running Mascara: Embracing the Beauty of an Imperfect Church.
Short stories, poetry, flash fiction, photography, illustrations, and more by Canadian writers and artists!
We, the"New Garde," need a home for our literary and artistic experiments. CHR, a groundbreaking new lit/art journal is that home.
A new free literary magazine based at Manchester's Writing School, providing a platform for emerging and established voices.
A free, publicly distributed publication showcasing short fiction, poetry, art and photography.
Help give life to a new vision of Clark's literary/art magazine -- a 1000-copy run of our students' best art and writing
A collection of poetry and prose celebrating the essence of Montauk.
An online arts and culture magazine that provides a platform for new talent and consistently generates interesting original content.
The only literary journal of nonfiction memoir that looks and feels like a zine.  For all things never meant to be.  A home for print.
Encouraged by the success of our debut issue, Driftwood Press is looking to publish print editions, pay our authors, and keep afloat.
A literary journal focusing on pieces that are colorful, frenetic, and introspective on society without lending themselves to cynicism.
Help launch a literary journal that risks exploring the heart while maintaining presence of mind.
The University of Calgary's only literary magazine publishes innovative work from both the YYC community and authors across the globe.
Whirlwind Issue #5 features poetry, fiction, and art about poverty and what it means for human beings around the world.
Contraposition is an independently published literary magazine. We are about to revamp everything in order to give more back.
To expand literary magazine & help us support writers from a diverse array of backgrounds, voices & perspectives including Jewish ones.
Concisely is a quarterly print magazine of stories under 500 words, looking for some support to bring out the fourth issue of our magazine.
Help us continue Nathan Hale High School's literary magazine: The Creek!
Our 2 year anniversary issue features lit and art that bears witness to paralysis around the world.
Our newest issue features literature and art by Native Americans including an interview with famous Cherokee artist Kay Walkingstick.
A literary journal from a Title I middle school with more than 1,100 students representing Miami's diverse communities.
Forthcoming lit journal in a 100 issue limited run from 2017-2067. Delivered in a different physical format each issue.
Hundreds of writers (You!) vote together to create issues of short stories and poems with the best editorial process. Join in!
A new literary journal including submissions exclusively by women.
After last year's successful lit mag project, Grief: A Life in 5 Stages, we wanted to work on Volume 2. All $ goes to production cost!
WRITE/OFF exists to facilitate experimental and relevant writing. Every week we hold a Literary Battle between 2 writers of any genre.
A journal of unsettling writings by excellent female-identified & non-binary folks. Matriarchy at its finest!
All-Writer-Voted Fiction and Poetry | Hundreds of writers vote together to create issues of short stories and poems. Join in!
The Criterion is a student-produced literary magazine in Ardsley High School that showcases the creative talents of the student body.
The Sundial Review is a quarterly literary magazine dedicated to art, fiction and poetry, personal essays and literary criticisms.
Our 8th issue features poetry, fiction, and artwork celebrating Mother Earth through the combined theme of environmentalism/feminism.
Doll Hospital is an art and literature print journal on mental health.
A man challenged by his girlfriend to photograph himself doing a handstand everyday for one year learns what commitment is all about.
12 free shows every year, with paid performances and free zines.
Vitality is a lit mag full of awesome stories featuring lgbt+ protagonists, where the focus of the story is NOT their sexuality/gender.
Support Book Slam's latest publication. Support free thinking and diverse storytelling.
We're creating a sexy, beautiful book to celebrate Erotic Review's coming of age.
Andromeda Speaks is a feminist literary magazine dedicated to redefining what it means to be female or feminine today.
Travel for the purpose of developing a journalism project.
We are students at a high school in North Lawndale, and we are trying to publish a higher quality version of our literary magazine.
Pioneering new ways to bring short stories and novellas to smartphone and tablet users.
I wish to print 1000 books at $2.97 per and sell them on the street and through independent book stores at an attractive retail price.
Creación y publicación de un diario-guía sobre cómo dar la vuelta al mundo en moto en 60 días, recorriendo 22000km presupuesto lowcost.
This true story is the journal of an orphan child born in Romania in 1980's during Nicolae Ceauscu's communist regime.
A literary prize for emerging writers and poets in honor of Evelyn Arnold, the grandmother of Crab Fat Literary Magazine's editor.
A book comprised of my favorite 'Street Singer's Beat' columns published between 1987-94 when AIDS, crack & murder converged in NYC.
A small journal about Culture & Style. Carefully designed, and recklessly imagined.
bringing Creative Writing to NZ prisons - running workshops and working with inmates to improve their writing and publish their work
Imagine traveling to a country known to the world for being anti American, and off limits to many, where only chosen few allowed to go.
Karawane is a journal of experimental performance texts by artists who perform/produce their own work: plays, poetry, perf art, etc.
Created and edited by volunteers around the world and hosted by the Cushitepedia Foundation. Keep Your Ancestors Alive!
The MOTIVATION PLANNER is an organizer, self-care planner and journal all in one. It tracks all your daily activities and more.
I'm publishing my first book to motivate and help others get thru 100 days. I need help with travel and getting my book to the world.
To publish a book and companion website that bridges the gap between today’s youth and those of our “greatest generation."
What To Expect Before & After  Amputation Surgery With Answers, Insight, Humor and Personal Experiences To Help You Get Through.. too!
Short stories highlighting the different view people across the world have of significant events. From 9/11 to MH17 and more
Daily devotionals for everyday living
We're a hodgepodge literary magazine. We've begun cannibalizing the digital frontier of art and writing. Welcome to Thunderdome.
Regarding the chaos theory ...  the phenomenon whereby a minute localized change in a complex system can have large effects elsewhere.
The shady doors will be an online literary journal, publishing dark, unusual tales from the sci-fi, fantasy, and horror genre.
Too much writing never gets read. This project reaches out to young/unpublished writers and gets their work in the hands of readers.
We publish top-notch fiction, creative nonfiction & poetry by Lane County writers in Oregon. Please help us pay our writers!
an Indianapolis, Indiana based Online literary magazine by CMJ Publications
A las embarazadas con problemas en la gestación les reconfortarán las páginas de este diario/libro.
“Quantum of Light” is the first nonprofit magazine for and about authors and it arrives just in time to cover a long-standing need
"Letters to Jaycie" is a book that takes you on an emotional& inspirational journey of 2 sister's after their mothers arrest for murder
Shining in the chaos is my personal experience living in first person with bipolar disorder.
A literary journal that celebrates great prose that celebrates great faith—Christian, human, innate, broken, or otherwise.
A book that clearly, concisely and comically examines and defines what it means to be a Liberal in this modern age.
A range of travel journals that allows conscientious travellers to make a difference through local charities in their favourite places
This life changing book is the gift we MUST give to our parents and grandparents that becomes a cherished and priceless family heirloom
At The Tin Lunchbox, we're all about artistic endeavors-Help us launch the print version of our literary magazine, Tin Lunchbox Review!
“It doesn’t make things easy, it makes things possible”
Race to Death is a publication of the art and writings of Sam Allen and Stephan Michael
We are dedicated to providing a raw and honest insight into the complexity of mental illness, and are seeking to broaden our horizons.
A visual journey of one mans adventure aboard the Aircraft Carrier the USS Hancock as part of Halsey's third fleet in World War II.
They gave me a year or two to live with the cancer, seven years later  outside the western medical system, I feel great
Im sure everyone of us can relate to slap in the face knock-downs, but we all must get up, and hit the reset button!
DigiLit Magazine is a new and upcoming magazine dedicated to readers and writers alike. Find out more below!
Oddbal Magazine is a creation of Jason Wright, a poet from Boston.  It features all types of poets, writers and artists.
To travel to major Canadian battle sites and where family was stationed in World War 2 to write a memoir of the then and now.
Forthcoming lit journal in a 100 issue limited run from 2016-2066. Delivered in a different physical format each issue.
A quarterly magazine taking a critical look at the culture of children's literature, art and words, for an adult audience.
The author ties together her life's adventures as stepping stones on her spiritual journey, conveying hope and purpose to her readers.
Published monthly, Bold Magazine was designed to shine light on the hidden gems of literature.
I have stories to tell,girls to guide,& men to baffle.Little did I know, people are  intrigued by my stories & want more! Uhohjosie.com
A multi-genre print & digital literary anthology of magical realism fiction, poetry & more, with art & a mixed media digital companion.
"Imagination is the only weapon in the war against reality."
[Lewis Carroll]
Lose yourself in literature. Rediscover who you are.
Cancer took my mom when I was 23. As I raised my toddler son alone, I wrote letters to her to help me feel less lonely and isolated.
Stories and heart art from women and teen girls who have survived domestic violence. This book will help to liberate women of all ages.
A print & digital literary magazine featuring the writing, illustrating, and photography talents of North & South Carolina youth.
Many father's have been denied their parental rights, from women over the years. I would like to publish my experience with mine.
Infinite Scroll is a literary and arts publication featuring poetry, fiction, essays, photography, and comics and whatever else.
A user-generated literary website devoted to inspiring creativity and rewarding writers with prizes!
To create an online uplifting daily prayer book for a person looking to be uplifted. Includes a blog and room to add personal prayers
I want to create a blog type book detailing aspects of my life that are very relatable and are able to boost people's outlook on life.
My truth, My voice, My story. Book: TSOG is a novel inspired by true events.. Don't miss out on a life changing story by Luis A. Malave
To support our family's continued legacy of the importance of education and community involvement and economic development.
Write a letter to ANYONE about ANYTHING! Say all the things you never said and always wished you could.
2nd & Church celebrates writers, poets, and readers--spanning fiction, poetry, nonfiction, W4C, technical writing, and songwriting.
I wish to open up a beautiful website where I can publish a series of short stories I started writing in NY along with other work.
my own personal story of how i was abused at the hands of so called Christians, who hid behind faith to carry out there sick perversion
A new e-magazine for new authors of fantasy and science fiction. Publishing is hard without publishing credits. We help new authors.
Instructional book on Luzéra rites, use of ritual, and spellwork.
We have created a PRIVATE cloud based journal for you to capture your pictures, videos but most important your stories forever.
DWL Services will be a company that provides work experience to editors/writers.
I'm publishing a book about interesting and weird things I see and hear everyday on Melbourne public trains and trams.
Grab one, Give one!  Give hope and a future to students around the world!
Write Mag is a magazine that encourages creativity and gives aspiring writers a chance at publishing. Help fund the future!
Above all else, guard your heart, for it is the wellspring of life. Open the pages...protect your heart. Dorrance Publishing pending.
Online magazine that likes to feature new writers and artists to give them a chance where they might not otherwise have had one.
Transitioning out of the Army, I want to pay the fees to publish my journals accounting what it's like in today's army
Keeping it rude part 2. The rude meisters guide to sex money and travel, a journey of discovery and the second book
I would like to hire Mike W. as our science fiction editor; I'm raising funds to pay him a stipend for signing up with us.
I'm currently at the opposite end of Europe from my 3 yr old son and want to document how much I love him and what I will do for him
The Book is about Domestic Violence, the intended audience are people who are going through or know people in Domestic Violence
An insider's glance at the program of Alcoholics Anonymous. Living, dying, failing, thriving, breathing, dreaming...one day at a time.
A celebration of the beauty and history of out of the way places in the mid-south, including landmarks, landscapes and other neat stuff
Magazine created to help break down barriers and stereotypes, in this case by showing the role Jewish men & women played in sports.
I want to continue to travel to other countries and document my travels with professional photographs based on feedback from readers.
I am looking to write a book based on my experiences with DMT but I am lacking a key element to my research. I need to go to Peru.
This book will help you to prepare to date with a purpose, with Godly principals, a guide to successfully help you end single life....
CER publishes essays on college life, literature, and the language that is spoken on college and university campuses.
My daughter has been given the amazing opportunity to study abroad and I hope to visit and blog with stories and pictures!
To learn and fully comprehend the species known as "Woman" and share this knowledge, if the form of a user manual, with all other men.
I'm writing a book on how chrohns disease has effected my life.  It's my own personal day by day journal from when I started meds.
I wish to take my 4 self-published books on tour, create book trailers and pre-order books. Books at  lulu.com/spotlight/Tracesder
A blog about life, self discovery and new experiences, I am wanting to open this blog up, and turn it into a place of self help.
A curriculum that teaches self confidence in daughters through mother daughter group projects, positive interactions, and awareness.
To assess whether individuals whom are autistic experience sensory deficits when observing others regardless of physical deficits.
Healing Centres Throughout Canada! All Metaphysical and Healing Teachings Available! Healing The World is Our Dream!
I need a ghost writer. My book is about surviving a dysfunctional life. Everyone has a story to tell!
I am interested in writing a book about how love has effected me as a person and the challenges I had to endure as a person.
You are worth it! is a series of books I am writing and having published. It is self help for those recovering from abuse or trauma.
Panorama is a British literary journal magazine hybrid with a modern, international focus on travel literature, art, and photography.
Simplified Life Planner & Journal was created and designed to incorporate meditation, reflection and gratitude into your day!
Material impreso conceptualizado en base a la auto-critica personal, que pretende rehabilitar a personas con trastornos depresivos.
Wonder why you can never live in a life you love more often, it is because of the blockage of pain but now you can heal your pain
45th Parallel is a literary magazine run by Oregon State's MFA students. We're seeking print funding to make our magazine even better!
Our Magazine's tenth issue featuring poetry from around the world bearing witness to the injustices of Empire.
I am hoping to self publish memoirs from my 10 year service in the Army and hone in on mental health issues on return from combat
Evan's Fiction is a budding non-for-profit Literary Journal catering to Chicago's authors; and, is meant to benefit authors alone.
I'm running 1000km from where I live (Antwerp, Belgium) to the Mediterranean Sea. I want to write a book about it.
writing and art that present alternative perspectives of the world for the purpose of broadening the mind and narrowing intolerance
Reintroducing danger into a stale life 2 years after a major accident and  writing about it.
Libro con reflexiones filosóficas sobre mi viaje de mochilero por sudamérica y centroamérica.
