****Calendars and Agendas***** with Tearry Konjathed/  Model and Actress /    Short run of 200 Limited Edition 2016
Short run of 125 Limited Edition 2016 Calendars Offering a Retrospective of Model Alex Sim-Wise's Career 2004-Present!
A calendar that showcases the most successful and talented Women Gamers in the world!
An inspiring 12 month wall calendar for 2017 featuring beautiful graphic art, empowering quotes, and major astrological events.
A motivational calendar every software developer will appreciate.
Offizielle Kickstarter Kampagne für den super offiziellen Kalender der Partei Die PARTEI 2016
A Calendar featuring awesome local ladies of rock
A procrastination planner is handy for keeping track of your excuses for not completing projects and doodling
Mars Awaits! Each piece of artwork shows one step in the colonization of Mars, and depicts the bravery, excitement and joy there of.
A 1461-day tear-off calendar, counting down to the 2021 Inauguration w/ important dates for voting/registration. Grab it by the pages.
Be a superhero at work! Learn every Microsoft Excel function with this 365 daily calendar!
The Calendar Arc merges the chain productivity method with a multi-use calendar to give you a highly functional map of your year.
12-month calendar with images specific to Anchorage, Alaska by Alaskan Photographer Jeff Schultz
A beautifully unique circular calendar which allows you to track the daily movement of the stars through the night sky.
This is the result of many months of photographing Snowy Owls along the MA and NH seacoast during the irruption of 2013-14.
We're creating a gourmet poop calendar.  The perfect "gag" gift for everyone on your list.
Help us grow Grateful Hearts into the business we are dreaming of by purchasing one of our Limited Edition 2016 Quote Calendars!
A solar calendar that celebrates our Sun's phases and the constellations that light its path.
A modern and minimalist design on a 24"x36" poster. Display a unique design while being reminded of important dates.
Our lives and to-do lists are complex, but to advance and improve we need to take a different set of actions. This calendar will help.
We lost our beloved Harambe last may, but with this calendar, we will keep his message of love alive while supporting gorilla research.
Wordplay, quips, puns — whatever you call them, I deliver.
We're geeks, making and selling pin-up calendars of bearded men to raise money for the Testicular Cancer Awareness Foundation
NOT YOUR AVERAGE CALENDAR: Activities, inspiration & uhh "subtle reminders" to help get you through 2015, by artist/loser @ADAMJK.
FORGET ABOUT FIREMEN AND CATS, THIS IS THE CALENDAR YOU WANT.
SEXY, CUTE AND 2014% AWESOME
The fourth edition of my Marshmallow Microcosm series in calendar form. Everyone loves a monthly marshmallow.
A calendar featuring Oakland's finest felines, from Adam Myatt, a.k.a.
"The Cat Man of West Oakland" >^. .^<
Do you enjoy photos of cats dressed up as magical creatures?  Do you use a calendar? Yes? Then we have something awesome for you.
Get the satisfaction of crossing something off your to-do list while tracking the small habits that make a huge difference in your life
The first calendar to depict an entire year on a single, uninterrupted timeline.
Celtic Art Wall Calendar for 2015
Thirteen months of tiny twin pin-ups The Poubelle Twins - French Maids, Mexican Wrestlers, American Dreams
Adventurers will solve a dungeon-a-day for an entire year. Many types of mixed adventures including mazes, searches, games and more...
12 Inspiring letterpress word of wisdom printed on 700g color paper . Deluxe edition with wood engraved cover
Pocket-size weekly planner full of tiny jokes, activities and nagging to (maybe???) help you keep your s*** together in the new year.
A calendar for 2015 featuring the signs of the Zodiac reinvented as Sigils of the 12 Houses— A New Year is coming.
Our 12-month Christian planner is designed to help you dream big, refocus on your passions, live generously and stay inspired.
The 2017 edition of my Marshmallow Microcosm series. Everyone loves a monthly mallow. Weird & wonderful all in one.
Raising funds to self-publish and promote my 2016 Cats I Know calendar for this coming holiday season.
Illustrations of monsters for an amazing 2017 calendar!
Oh no, the Krauts have discovered mindfulness. A good plan combines a diary and planner with a radical approach to mindfulness.
It's Year 10 of the celebrated Wondermark desk calendar! 28 different art cards transport you to a ridiculous world, ALL YEAR LONG.
Astrologically set your earthly agenda on a reimagined wall calendar where the months change with the sun's Zodiac movements.
Another year of nagging, activities and surprises to help you make the most of another f***ing year. Also it's a functional calendar???
The first and only visual representation of the every unique day on the French Republican Calendar. All 365 plants, animals and tools!
A refreshing day planner to guide you as you grow into the rhythm of the Christian year, cultivating peace, presence, and purpose.
Celebrate w/ us! We've compiled a list of animal & conservation holidays and paired them up w/ animal illustrations in a 2017 calendar.
"A pictorial calendar that will get you to rethink all your waste, even your daily # 1's and 2's."
Finally, a daily calendar with something DIFFERENT every day! Packed with games, stories, sad animal facts, invention ideas & more!
The ultimate planning notebook with year, month & week planners, lined, plain and grid pages, goal setting pages, checklists and more!
Be shocked. Get a 2017 calendar with 13 months. 12 months of 28 days each, and between June and July, a 29 day month of Raptuary.
FORGET ABOUT FIREMEN AND CATS, THIS IS THE CALENDAR YOU NEED FOR 2015. KIMYE, PUGS AND AWESOMENESS.
The guided journal that will help you to remember and appreciate your life more.
Finally, a daily calendar with something DIFFERENT every day! Packed with unique games, funny drawings, free invention ideas and more!
The Subculture Diary is a youth culture bible in your pocket, bringing social history and youth culture content into your daily life.
From the makers of Haikus With Hotties, Haikus *On* Hotties. Help us make our 2nd annual calendar of hot Asian American men & poetry.
Bli med på å realisere trykking av denne fargerike kalenderboken, som er spesialdesignet for planlegging av familiehverdagen.
The story of my beach art in a calendar that you and the world can hang on your walls.
detached ladies on an 8.5x5.5 digitally printed calendar with white toner on multiple French Paper colors.
A 6 month goal setting guide with a 'get shit done' attitude.
Tara Fly is publishing a fantasy cat art calendar, featuring portraits of cats in costumes, inspired by classic literature and history.
Inspire girls to stick with math and science - introduce them to awesome role models in science and tech
A built in spending plan to help you change your habits to get what you want. Don't budget, manage your money and live your best life!
The fifth edition of my Marshmallow Microcosm series in calendar form for 2016. Everyone loves a monthly marshmallow.
So you can live life now instead of getting caught up in drudgery and forgetfulness. A planner that makes goals and daily life happen.
A 2017 calendar featuring paintings of cats wearing costumes inspired by history and literature, by fantasy cat artist Tara Fly.
Trigg is a productivity diary that transforms your goals into success. We bring planning, habit & mindfulness to a fresh journal format
My Hoosband is super handsome, especially when he is sleeping. I want to share with the world The Sleepy Hoosband 2015 Calendar.
Kickstarter exclusive! Art Calendar for the New Year. Surrealistic but not Zombies, only one of them is a skeleton lady.
The Pop Planner was born from a need for a creative yet practical way to stay organised. Plan, Organise, Prioritise.
This wall calendar features art by some amazing comic book artists parodying 12 major films of 2015 - complete with geeky dates!
12 paintings of vintage tractors found in and around the farms of upstate New York by well known American realist Lisbeth Firmin
An interactive calendar experience for grounding and navigating your life's time in these strange times.  Ready for publication!
Simply Yours Day Planner:   Taking the guess work out of being organized.
Wall calendar designed to inspire us to love, respect, take care of, and enjoy the ocean and the surf.
12 månader. 12 historiska foton. Frihetlig svensk historia om allmogen, av allmogen, för allmogen.
2016 Calendar featuring Oregon Craft Beers in the beautiful Pacific Northwest. Enjoy Oregon beer & nature all year long!
A daily CATlendar featuring cats from around the world. Our meowdels have Instagram accounts to follow them year round if you like!
Celebrating local photographers, while showcasing the beauty of our trails and bringing the community together around a great cause.
Der KALENDER der Partei Die PARTEI - Kreisverband Frankfurt/Ost repräsentiert das Jahr so wie es ist und informiert Menschen und Tiere.
The Brilliant Life Planner is for women who believe their dreams and passions matter. Set goals & create habits for a brilliant life.
Making the most of everyday life with eternity in mind. Plan your days while studying the attributes of God & praying for the nations!
A 2016 calendar profiling 12 feminist-identified New York City men who support gender equality through words and actions.
A perfect planner doesn't exist, but a perfect planner in terms of you can. Customize the layout of your planner down to the last T.
We've poured all our satiric might into producing this local calendar. Now we need your support to get it printed.
Life can feel like a beautiful song written by an amazing Composer, but played by an Elementary School Band. We need a Maestro.
Create a 2016 wall calendar with photos & inspirational stories of our Unstoppable Heroes - Wounded Veterans so we can motivate others
This calendar will improve your "water smarts" with monthly activities that will illuminate the many ways water flows though your life.
A comedic calendar featuring lady pirates in action! Something your mother would approve.  (Better get one for her too.)
A self-published 2015 art calendar featuring Tara Fly's paintings of cats in costumes inspired by history and classic literature.
12 months of rad, feminist, activist mothers, kids, partners, dads, allies & friends, in all our words, pictures &zine-embracing glory.
2015 calendar of the women pedicabbers of New Orleans, Bike La Femme!
Designed with the procrastinator in mind: extra space on Thursdays & Fridays, when things get done. Starts in March instead of January.
Master the art of juggling busy schedules with this stylish planner designed for easy organization.
IFBB Pro Rene Campbell's 2015 muscle calendar with motivational quotes and tips.
A personal development survival guide designed for achieving goals for Those who have a dream to be realized.
Un agenda pour mener à bien son projet de vie tout au long de l'année ! Rêves et objectifs, todo et inspiration...
A tool to keep inspired and motivated in 2017: health campaign dates, seasonal produce guides and tasty nutritious recipes
A premium-quality wall calendar showcasing contradance communities around the country, featuring Doug Plummer's dance photography.
Celtic Art Wall Calendar 2016
A 2017 pin-up calendar featuring 13 accordion-playing women in sexy and fun poses, which includes a compilation CD of their music.
The Men of Game Development are back for a calendar three-peat!
Seasons Change is a 2016 calendar featuring Bucky Barnes that tells a story of recovery through seasons.
For his first calendar, artist Douglas Klauba selected twelve exciting cover paintings from 20+ year career as an illustrator.
We are taking pre-orders for 2015! Your purchase of The Humble Bumbles Honey will help us create National Orchid Day!
We want to make a calendar out of Audrey Magazine's photo series where we ask hot Asian American men to exchange poetry with us.
A group of awesome ladies, two costumers, a great photographer, makeup artists, and DeLorean Lovers join forces to make a calendar!
Create the future of The Fetch. Help us build a community product that makes it easier to share and discover great professional events.
12 images taken using electron microscopy are coloured and combined into a calendar, revealing the beauty of a microscopic world.
Curves - Nature's way of saying, "Slow down and enjoy the view". An inspiring, uplifting body loving, curvy girl, sexy pin up calendar
Discover The Secret Calendar, set forth in Genesis, find out how it balances our earth rhythms, and how our biorhythms are explained
Cute twist on fun art for your wall! It's a simple PRO Calendar for the origami enthusiast...
A one-of-a-kind calendar featuring Impact Props' Master Chief modeling an impressive array of classic and exotic cars!
Living Dead Productions and Andrea Hunter Photography Present the 2016 Dead Glamour Girlz Zombie Pinup Calendar! Where gore meets glam!
The new 2016 Sea Horses Calendar from Simon Palmer, featuring 12 months of stunning heavy horse pictures.
THE NEXT PHASE...

RED HOT returns with SEPARATE boy and girl Anti-Bullying Calendars for 2016. 

BUY IT NOW & FUND ITS CREATION!
The goal of this project is to create calendars featuring some of the top female cosplayers from the north east.
12 months of rad, feminist, activist mothers, kids, partners, dads, allies & friends, in all our words, pictures &zine-embracing glory.
The 2015 HAUTE Cereal Man Wall Calendar takes on the editorial world of lifestyle photo shoots and redefines "OAT" Couture
The sculptors of 2016 are asking for your support in order to publish calendars that celebrate our community and fund our class.
Do you like sexy women and like supporting local businesses? Bombshells Exclusive is creating a 2016 Calendar and need your help!
Vlad's Undead Angels zombie artwork come to life in this cosplay version of last years artwork calendar & Making Of The Calendar DVD!
HELP THE VETERANS AND CAREGIVERS OF AMERICA WITH SOMETHING AS SIMPLE AS A CALENDAR
The Intentional Educator Planner is for educators who strive to live, teach, learn and lead with integrity, mindfulness and reflection.
It's the one year anniversary of life with my lucky black cat, Buddy. Check our our comic!
How to Start, Organize, and Make Money from a Personal Blog that Leverages Social Media - Includes Secrets, Tips & Worksheets
A desk calendar to make every day just a bit more cringe-worthy. Now featuring the whole family!
An exclusive planner to help you personalize and prioritize all areas of your life and keep you focused for lifelong success.
Ravish Models Magazine is creating a Girls of Ravish 2016 Calendar to promote our Magazine. We are a brand new magazine so this helps.
Norwegian Calendar
Calendar featuring your show cars and trucks from throughout America. You submit your photo for inclusion in the calendar!
2015 calendar that offers a historical look at why your resolutions will fail.  12 artistic renderings of human tragedy. 1 a month!
You'll be able to know more about your Savior and His Truth daily. Plan, journal, and organize your life while God leads your steps.
It's a calendar tought to help engaged people living smarter!
A wall calendar to guide us in connecting with, appreciating, and taking care of nature, our inner nature, and each other.
2016 calendar full of the best live action photos of tribute bands.
A page-a-day calender.  Each day, a new quote from a different philosopher, to help the reader through the fog of life a little better
12 recipes featuring photos of "Ghetto Quiche" "Chicken Crack City Chicken" "Castle Sliders Stuffed Mushrooms" "Pepperoni Bread" ect...
Branding Ben & Freddy - the most adorable Celebrity Dachshunds coming to Calendars, Coffee Cups, T-Shirts, and Post Cards near you !
This project is to fund the Bridal Veil Falls 2015 Calendar. Calendar sales will be used to improve public access for the Falls.
The world's best planners designed to help you achieve your goals in your Fitness, Nutrition, Career, Finances and in your Social life.
To Unite as a community around this problem! Cherish the love! <3
Meaningful project will leave a trail: to consider animals as equals.
A 12-month calendar w/12 outlines of ShoeStories™ shoes to color as you wish, templates to create your own shoe designs, & 10 markers.
My parents have been breeding Labs for 21 years, we want to share our puppy pictures in a calendar for all of you Lab lovers.
A furry-iously sexy 12-month wall calendar featuring original boudoir photography of some of the hottest kitty cats around.
The best way to stay motivated and organized throughout your day.
Calendars have way too much empty space. So I started making calendars with some piece of information on every single day.
Pictures from Soldiers lives from deployments, homecomings, Physical Training, Basic Training, and just having fun days.
'Health meets art' daily journal to motivate and educate all to help reach wellness goals, where diets fail to inspire & create change.
A fab fundraising calendar to help create a full size model 
replica of the Black Arrow rocket, at High Down on the Isle of Wight.
Creating a motivational & inspiring calendar featuring transmen from all over the globe to represent the transgender community!
Wall calendar made with a unique method merging art and optical illusion. A beautiful gift. Shipping in November 2016.
A new hunk for every month! Imagine...strong shoulders and flowing locks in picturesque Europe... and hey the hunk isn't bad either!
Cats vs Dogs. Which is better? Let your voice be heard in this super fun Kickstarter campaign!
The Metanoia Project Calendar is designed as a platform for the reality, hope and help available for the homeless population.
Encouraging Positive Mental Health & Mindfulness Within Our Youth
You know those day planners that say they offer everything... and then they don't well we have one that REALLY does offer EVERYTHING.
Easily track medical appointments, symptoms & illnesses, medications, expenses, journal, care planner, to-do tracker & therapy notes.
My mate and i are trying to produce an annual calendar as a humerus memento for our friends that we don't always see.
2015 12"x12" wall calendar with stunning images of the beautiful Neo-Gothic architecture found in old churches.
Inspirational calendar to keep you fired up and guide you through 2016
Looking for support for this calendar that will feature the top 12 cool classic cars based on on-line votes from the general public.
There are 100s of holidays we never hear about. No longer! With this calendar you will have a reason to celebrate each day!
Support original artworks by Victoria Porter as a tribute to the Afro-American culture. Help the Black Angels Calendar bring to print!
Vintage Leather planner for Entrepreneurs. Not just a calendar but keeps you on writing daily goals, new ideas and new sites discovered
My goal is to be able to get my newest book printed as a 8x10 hardcover book
A selection of 12 of my favorite photographs from 2015, and 12 of my favorite quotes which teach how we can obtain true peace.
We're an auto restoration shop making our first calendar. It will be  classic pinup style. $1 from each sale goes to Wounded Warriors.
a old caravan who's rebuilt and meets new caravans  all with there own character who goes on adventures becomes a hero organiser
Guideline to help you turn your written goals into VISUALS.
Track your goals easier than ever before.
FAREWELL MR. PRESIDENT..."Salutes & Tributes" is a Book/Calendar publication to honor and highlight the "8" years of President Obama.
This calendar is composed of photos of my own poultry. These are an assortment of poultry breeds and each photo was taken by me.
Simplified Life Planner is more than a planner! Its designed to Live Life Simply by adding Meditation & Gratitude into your daily life!
Calendar customized with birthdays, anniversaries, team schedules, holidays for Your year on a Mouse Pad so it is in view every day.
A Faithful Mom Planner is a faith based planner/family organizer for busy faithful moms.
This is a unique 12" x 5" desktop calendar concept with 24-individual (removable) Photo / Postcards and 2 bookmarks.
Mermaids are coming! And they need your help. The Mermaids of Mermaid Beach are creating two calendars & posters, but need your support
Replace the outdated Gregorian Calendars with the Green "World Calendar". A reform that makes every year the same on the calender.
Help us create a 13 month 12"x12" premium illustrated calendar for 2016. Your guide to skywatching events in 2016.
When setting and achieving goals, it helps to be visually cognizant of time projections for the entire year, thus The Poster Calendar.
Project to develop a 2015 calendar featuring photos of beautiful people whom have transcended our expectations
Es una agenda para gente que evoluciona y crece cada día.
Everything you love about mafia and mobster movies combined with two goofy cats that are sure to keep you entertained through the year.
Help publish a calendar of seasons in America.
An effective chart for all your resolutions! Designed to keep the actual DOING progress simple yet successful throughout the year!
The hottest, schmexiest, most southern fried calendar ever! Limited edition awesomeness that will make your unibrow sweat!
the Women of Grit 2017 Calendar features 12 inspiring, resilient, and diverse women who's achievements we are celebrating!
The day planner for the procrastinator in all of us! It starts in February 2017, of course, and runs to January 2018.
Zombie comic calendar
Fine Art Calendar including 12 top shots captured in the wonderful Gulf of the Poets, La Spezia, ITALY
Designed to give quick, simple and easy tips, meal suggestions, ideas, recipes and of information that people can use daily.
Time to shine the spotlight on some of the great cosplayers and costumes from the Greater Pittsburgh area!
The 2015 Lead and Lace Ladies Calendar is ready for production! It will launch Dec. 1!
The Australian outback is remote and beautiful. See the Solo Rider Photo Expedition Calendar (2015) captured from a motorcycle!
Daily Vertical Spiral Bound Planner in Color needs funds to purchase an eco-friendly printer and ink to minimize color copy costs!
A calendar, or set of calendars, showing the best selection of #DistractinglySexy images; with the hottest quotes and equations.
'A goal without a plan is just a wish', stop dreaming and make it happen. Plan & create your own opportunities with the Succesplanner.
HAVE YOU EVER WONDERED WHY OUR CALENDAR IS SO UNORGANIZED? WHY SOME MONTHS ARE LONGER THAN OTHERS? WHY MONTHS START ON DIFFERENT DAYS?
A planner designed to adapt change and grow alongside you on your journey to your most authentic self.
Come join Frederick von Wigglebottom on his incredible worldwide adventures @ ejmoldy.wix.com/vonwigglebottom meeting other cool kids
Brad Warcock is the world's most successful person. This funny calendar is filled with wisdom, comedy and lols. A great gift.
Tired of making plans with friends only to be let down by other commitments they have already made? Worry no more with this new app.
A calendar to help you, building a community to help us all, SOAR ahead!
Resolution planner that helps you achieve your goals of becoming the best version of yourself possible  without losing track or focus.
Wat wil ik vandaag bereiken? Welk doel heb ik vandaag?
Haal ik mijn doel?
Quote van de dag helpt je je doelen te bereiken
I will be launching a 2015 calendar from photographs that I have taken in South Africa and Zoological Parks.
The planner every college student would. Each day is different in college so get a planner that is flexible not ordinary.
The Awesome 2015 National Food & Beverage Holiday Festival Event Calendar, See What's Happening Every Day, Don't Miss Out!
I'm the happy owner of over 100 Boomboxes and 800 Hip Hop Cassettes. It's time to spread the Love with an amazing Hip Hop Calendar!
HELP US GO TO PRESS! The first annual Calendar for Cause is ready. The more we print the more we help. Fun Calendar for YOU too!
Creating Christmas cards for the community to help bring locals together and to celebrate the rich history of Rugby.
The Cosplay Takover: 2017 is a cosplay based calendar featuring the best cosplayers from all over Texas and the country.
Tukkie thinks she has a very hard life to live. And really loves to show how hard her life is. And I want to share it with you
Sirius Black Vaughan is cute, cuddly, always has his tongue out, and wants to share his love through his own calendar!
Poland, Brazil, USA. WW II, Emigration, 911, Alzheimer
Judgment, greed, betrayal, pride, forgiveness, despair, love, compassion, death
A monthly calendar with 214 dates and 12 photos of public art important in the history of African Americans in Massachusetts.
The 2015 Dime Calendar will be the jump start to an amazing collection from All American Dimes.
"elegance at its best."  "Something for everyone..."
We are commemorating a half century of hard luck in a hard luck City.  Celebrating the best fans in sports and their resilience.
Each month ENJOY a different NUDE model of The Great Southwest, over 55 photos shot in Arizona & California shipping now! for $9.95.
Do you want to record all books you read, all films you watched and all places you traveled? Let's make it happen!
This app will allow any user to create/view/attend to any event around the planet!
Together we can make this world a better place.
Twelve months of gorgeous local Brisbane models,cosplaying as superheroes!
A planner that fits everyone's needs. It has tabs to fit it easily. Monthly, weekly and daily timed calendar, for DS companies, & more.
Do you like art, sexy women, and mythology? We've got a calendar jam packed with all of the above coming for 2015. We need help funding
A lot of my friends have been bugging me to make a calendar, It is just me, but always different, also like me. 12 different looks...
What if you looked at the world differently. What if I had you changing the way you think!
For as little as $25 project backers become a part of the 2015 Big Deal Calendar and receive a copy of the completed calendar.
An exclusive lifestyle agenda to help you personalize and prioritize all areas of your life and keep you focused for lifelong success.
Move over skinny girls, because it's all about that bass! It's not just a calendar. It's a lifestyle. Join the movement!
The beauty and charm of Boston all in one place!  From the North End & Faneuil Hall to the USS Constitution and Fenway!
EP is the best way to set and reach your goals. Full-color gorgeous pages with features that will make you productive.
A beautiful Pin-up calendar with classy, hard working ladies.  Get ready to meet The Bad Kitties.
A catchy new calendar of nude germs used to increase awareness of preventive measures that help stop the spread of infectious diseases
Stop Wasting Time and Start Getting Stuff done. 
Make your dreams, goals and habits part of your every day life.
All my life I have watched people make comments to women that completely destroy their Self-Esteem and wondering what can be done?!!
Bear World Magazine brings you a Calendar you have been waiting for, The Chris Miklos, 2015 Calendar.
Pepper and Perry are two miniature schnauzers who love each other as much as we love them! They're more than dogs - they're family.
A bumper calendar featuring 12 of the most iconic, stirring images of Scotland, from Edinburgh Castle to the Wallace Monument etc etc.
What Women want to wake up to and Men want to be in, with no topless models telling us how our bodies need to look, just Men In Suits.
Help us publish the 365 Days of Pets 2015 Calendar and you can feature your favorite pet photos in this beautiful calendar!
my
Customizable paper planners to help women live a fruitful life that God desires us to live.
Fall in Love with our brand new exclusive Football By Women 2015 calendar!
First productivity calendar with unique, beautiful photoshoots of professional athletes. Track your progress and get motivated!
"Seasonal in MI" is a project to aid people in knowing what is in season in MI, and to help support the local Michigan agriculture.
The 2017 kids calendar by CR142Photos is a colorful annually publication to capture fun and quirky moments, using creative inspiration
A twelve months calendar featuring romantic and young girl portraits for 2016.
A web calendar of 365 super hilarious videos posted one day at a time throughout 2015.
A project to create a page-a-day calendar presenting one thing you can do each day to help the environment.
We have had to cancel this project.
A local Georgina, Ontario calendar that features local photographers, local business, local events and over $600 in monthly prize draws
A seasonal productivity planner packed with memes to motivate, life hacks to enhance creativity, weekly words & pay it forward section
