USB Powered WiFi IoT development board with 6 DOF IMU and precision temperature sensor. Dressed up with optional plastic case.
Finally, the missing pieces to the Raspberry Pi: Pi2Grover Interface, a Grove Analog To Digital Converter and a Digital Grove Expander
Arduino/Raspberry PI/BeagleBone - I/O Expander card with large hard prototyping area
Flutter is an open source ARM-powered wireless Arduino with 1000m+ (3200 ft) range and 256-bit AES hardware encryption.
Solar Pi Platter - A versatile board for powering your Pi from the sun or battery and much more.  Come see what we've cooked up!
Let’s start the new era of “Things onto the Internet”. With a few lines of code and almost no wiring, objects will become smart!
I2C Hub/Repeater for the Raspberry Pi (RPI-I2C-HUB)
We're building a motion platform for virtual reality and Oculus Rift! Resulting codes, designs, and models will be made public for all!
Have you ever wanted to include a fingerprint scanner into your projects?  Now you can!  There are two boards to choose from!!!
Like the small size of the Raspberry Pi zero but would really like to use composite / analogue audio or VGA?
An easy way to be able to add a Raspberry Pi GPIO Header to your desktop computer or laptop.
Imagine 5 networks in one perfectly-formed, same-small-foot-print-as-WiPy- LoPy-and SiPy, IoT development board. MicroPython enabled.
UP² (UP Squared) the most powerful maker board ever! Now it is also available as a fanless PC, powered by Intel Apollo Lake CPU
Collapsible, portable, light-weight wind turbines that go where you go.  Great for hiking, camping and more!
The Tsunami is a powerful and flexible signal generator, analyzer, and experimenter's kit built on the Arduino platform.
Project Exodus - The 2400 Watt DC Resonant Charging Tesla Coil
UP, the credit card computer board for makers powered by Intel Quad Core Atom X5-8300 1.84GHz, running Linux, Windows 10, and Android
A low-cost, easy to program color LCD touch screen computer with WiFi connectivity to the Internet.
A development platform with built-in Wi-Fi, web IDE, cloud access, Arduino shield, and more that makes creating IoT devices simple.
The ultimate 100% Arduino Due compatible dev board with Wifi and Mesh networking, Audio, USB OTG, microSD, and 99 i/o pins!
A 6-wide superscalar cpu with working simulation of integer and branch instructions. Source from before switch to 9-wide.
Inexpensive wireless donation jar adds NFC capability to store checkout counters, fundraisers, snack rooms, lobbies, and more.
"Where's my car?" is an Italian Arduino based project which allows everyone to take track of something moving on Earth, like a car.
A ground level enclosed loop electric windmill system that recycles the energy for continuous electricity generation for home uses!
Get help on all your vehicle upgrade needs. You don't have to waste your time and money on a shop, when you can do it yourself!
Generating power for offgrid home appliance's, and can be used when camping
Building my first custom PC. Just a girl trying to achieve her dreams with a college student budget.
110 watt affordable cob grow/aquarium light. Custom spectrum by choice of white temperature. 120 degree lenses. ~42% efficient.
A non-toxic 5v DC solar array with inbuilt storage for an on-demand lighting and USB charging.
Is it a function generator? An audio play back generator? a bode plotter? a frequency sweeper? yes, oh yes, YES! It can be everything!
Building a custom pirate themed subwoofer set up for my Show Car, The Black Pearl. The finished project will be shared at shows.
Green Energy self sustaining generator that is fully functional.
My father served in Iraq and Afghanistan I would like to repay him for his service to this country
Power your projects easily with any type of Wall charger,Test your chargers/Cables, without damaging them! End the frustration
Breadboard-compatible Arduino Clone ATMEGA328P
Start learning electronics right in front of your laptop with our simple and easy website + Pirates Electronics Kit.
Perf+ is a revolutionary prototyping board designed for ease of use and flexibility.
Do you like synthesizers?
Do you like small?
Do you like DIY and Open-Source?

Then this is for you!
LoPy is a MicroPython triple-network dev platform which doubles up as a LoRa Nano gateway. Arduino IDE compatible as stretch goal.
Buzz is an easy and fun educational kit that builds STEAM / STEM skills and grows from a project to a friend you can program.
A super cool, super small, Lego like building block system for building really awesome connected devices.
O Watch is a perfect smartwatch kit for kids to learn programming, 3D printing and crafts.
Control almost anything with your smartphone! The Switcheroo makes it a snap to upgrade everyday devices for smartphone control.
Control of up to 680 pixels on any of the popular LED strips from any device with a USB port! One controller to rule them all!
The world’s first eraser for conductive ink drawings. Now anyone can make their own circuits on paper quickly and easily.
The iBoardbot is an internet controlled robot capable of writing+drawing (and wiping!) on a glass surface.
The Pixel combines a 32-bit 48MHz ARM Cortex M0+ microcontroller w/ a color OLED display and MicroSD!
This scope clock uses a purely analog signal to create the characters. Designed for large CRTs, it will drive more CRTs than the first.
Hat that allows 3.3V and 5V devices to be easily connected to the Raspberry Pi Model B+ and from there onto the Internet of Things
blink blink kits provide circuit materials to make fun DIY, art & fashion projects with technology. Designed with girls, for girls!
NanoBeam is an incredibly small, 5mm t-slot construction system used for building things like mini robots or electronic devices.
Simple and accurate target tracking hardware for Drones & DIY Robotics. Works in bright sunlight and even complete darkness.
MetaWear is a highly integrated Bluetooth Sensor module that can power solutions the size of a button and runs on a Coin cell battery.
Coin-sized, powerful, affordable, open source wireless computer running Linux — created for professionals and enthusiasts
Supercharge your Raspberry Pi with our sensor-packed shield. Harness the physical world in your projects and applications!
SilentSwitcher will power your mixed analog/digital project with no audible noise, no mains hum, no RFI and minimal heat!
Blaze is a miniature, high-res 1.6" 240x240 display with capacitive touch, a powerful 120MHz Cortex M4 micro with GPIO and storage.
We build a lot of cool projects and use many breakout boards for prototyping.  This project is to bring 3 of the most useful to market.
This unit can program 6x RFID cards in less than 30 seconds!  Easily connect to to Arduino!  Sample code available. PRODUCTION READY!!!
OurWeather is a connected open source weather kit that makes learning fun while curating curiosity and confidence in STEM principles.
Featuring a 32-bit 48MHz ARM Cortex M0+ w/ 16K of ram the Tau packs a ton of power in a tiny package!
Durio Sound adds a 24-bit 192kHz ultimate sound quality with the lowest possible distortion to your Raspberry Pi.
ProtoPalette is is a unique teaching and learning tool that helps you build amazing things with Arduino. Maker's Faire Editors Choice!
The ultimate combination of an Arduino-compatible board and your day-to-day Gadget in one handheld Device.
Create amazing smartphone user interfaces for your Arduino and Raspberry Pi projects in minutes without having to write an app. Xped.
PCBGRIP Probe Clamp: Holds your oscilloscope and DMM probes, freeing your hands for other work.
MODLINK is an Arduino based programmable modular (shield) circuit board for quick prototyping and deployment of electronic controller.
If you're a DIY nut; a maker fanatic, or a soldering enthusiast, then this 4x4x4 LED cube electronics kit is for you!
Cordless and melts Lead-Free Solder! Lasts hours and recharges from a USB port! Open Source Hardware, replaceable tips, easy-to-use!
Smaller/Detachable Controller, Water Resistant, USB Rechargeable | All New 'S' Series Kits
Pi3Cart is a custom kit that allows you to install a Raspberry Pi 3  into any classic NES cartridge.  Perfect for retro game emulators.
MangoCube is Arduino compatible, tiny, ATmega32U4 board in colorful case with 3 versions: MangoCube LEO, BLE (Bluetooth 4) and WiFi IoT
Are you a maker or hobbyist? This DIY electronics kit gives you the instructions and supplies to build a Rubik's cube solver!
High quality ATX breakout board, use your old PC Power supply as a bench power supply with multiple voltage outputs.
Arduino compatible! Record & playback up to 8x sound bytes with more than 11 minutes of recording room! Use your PC or your voice!
OpenScope is a multi-function programmable instrument used for capturing, visualizing, and controlling analog and digital signals.
Elevate Legos to a whole new level! The Mini Lego Drone kit gives you everything you need to build your own functioning RC Drone.
A smart electronic parts storage and management device on your desktop - store, search, and use parts digitally
Simple to use ultimate IO interface for your Arduino, Pi or PC. Self-test and rewire your circuitry or use your own FPGA code.
Creating a powerful and versatile IoT prototyping board for everyone.
Created by Fluo Technology Ltd www.fluotechnology.co.uk
Laserfix is ​​an auxiliary handle, adaptable to all drills and perforators with laser sighting and storage of locations.
A 16-Ch N/P FET power node/controller, wired, interfaced, programmed, & addressed your way. Bridge the gap of power & microcontrollers.
User buildable sign board from 1-128 digits in any shape or combination of three colors. Program by USB, RS232/485, 802.11 wireless.
A Kickstarter Special ESP8266 + FTDI Board that you can keep on your keychain. Only 100 Assembled boards will be made by me.
Give Raspberry Pi a consumer electronics experience - programmable Pi power switch controlled by a single button or Infrared remote
Une serrure connectée qui s'installe en moins de 2 minutes qui ouvre en moins de 2 secondes et dont l'autonomie est de 2 ans !
I am on a mission to design prototype and build the most compact and cost effective motorized drift trike.
Probe2Bolt Adapters make easy test connections between oscilloscope probes and bolts, screws and DIN rail type cage terminal blocks.
U1 (Arduino-Compatible) with WiFi plug, Clock , EEPROM, SD, buzzer, NRF24 plug, LCD, RGB led, rotary encoder, buttons... IoT ready.
I'm going to build an RC park for my community and neighboring cities to enjoy.

I own about 30 acres.
I want to mass produce Practical, useable in the field , IOT shields for products like Particle , Raspberry Pi ,Arduinos and more.
Our Complete Generators & Modular Maker Kits are Environmentally Safe Renewable Energy, Providing Stand-Alone Off-Grid Power.
The micro-sized, Arduino enabled, usb development board - cheap enough to leave in any project!
VOLTSET connects to smart devices and turns them into SMART MULTIMETERS, allowing you to TINKER, LEARN and COLLABORATE with electronics
UDOO takes your DIY projects to the next level and it’s a powerful tool for education and creativity.
An Open-Source Environmental Monitoring Platform consisting of arduino-compatible hardware, data visualization web API, and mobile app.
A tiny Wi-Fi development board. Arduino + Wi-Fi + ARM Cortex M3  + wireless programming + REST API = awesome.
A platform that brings together plug & play hardware and drag & drop software to allow everyone to create and invent!
Circuit Scribe is a rollerball pen that writes with conductive silver ink.  It makes creating circuits as easy as doodling.
Wireless, Credit-Card sized, Android + Linux + Arduino™, Embedded Sensors, starting from $49. What else?
Small, stackable, Arduino-compatible electronics for makers, designers, engineers, students and curious tinkerers of all ages.
TinyScreen is a tiny customizable display.  Play games, get notifications from your phone and display useful information.
Start making without coding. Beginner or Expert, SAM is the ultimate electronics kit for inventors, artists, and students.
The world's first 100MS/s open source oscilloscope for iPad, Android and PC.
A must-have for every Arduino and Raspberry Pi developer!
The energyShield is a rechargeable battery shield for your Arduino, providing power for your creativity.
Build your next great idea in minutes, not hours. Hassle-free digital tinkering for everyone with Flotilla for Raspberry Pi!
Gameduino brings glorious 8-bit arcade action to the Arduino
Pozyx is an Arduino-compatible platform that provides centimeter accurate positioning and motion information both indoor and outdoor.
Microduino-Joypad is ... an 8-bit game console + open source + UPin27 + AVR,STM32,MSP430,51 compatible + smart controller == Awesome!
An Arduino-compatible smart outlet designed to instantly turn your toaster oven into a reflow soldering station.
The Electron is an Arduino-like cellular development kit with a SIM card and affordable data plan from the creators of the Spark Core.
Make your own light-up pop-up greeting cards with these educational kits. A fun way to learn simple circuitry and paper engineering!
Now anyone can transform touch into sound (and so much more!) with the Touch Board, an easy-to-use Arduino-compatible device.
Build Bluetooth LE devices for the Internet of Things with a REST API and Web IDE that run on coin cell batteries.
Learn electronics, shoot lightning, and play music using electricity with tinyTesla! Also introducing oneTeslaTS, its big brother.
The Oscilloscope clock uses a cathode ray tube to display the time.
Internet usage translated to a real world brass pressure gauge from the early 20th century.
Tiny programmable development board with Bluetooth, heart rate (PPG), galvanic skin response (GSR), and motion sensors (ACC + GYRO).
Reactor Core: This is a 3-in1 programmer for Arduino & AVR based microcontrollers. Optional DIY soldering kit, solder stencil, & paste.
Add machine vision to your projects by scripting Python. Small, affordable, and expandable with shields.
Ever played Mario on Play-Doh or Piano on Bananas? Alligator clip the Internet to your world and start inventing the future.
World's smallest Linux server, with Wi-Fi built-in. Building for the Internet of Things doesn't get easier than this!
Create fun, electronic devices each month with guided tutorials and helpful community; first kit includes parts to build a wifi robot.
Modkit Micro is the easiest way to program a growing list of open hardware platforms from Arduino to Wiring.
Unique real-time power logging test equipment
for USB and PoE powered devices
It's Like a Shield for your Shields! For novice and advanced users.
The cheap, tiny, cloud enabled Wi-Fi dev board. Arduino compatible, 32-bit, wireless programming, and a REST API data cloud!
Kit for making a programmable colorimeter for analytical chemistry and biochemistry labs & activities. Arduino compatible.
Everything you know and love about your Arduino, but with Wireless.  Small, sexy, and fully compatible with Arduino shields.
Set up a SmartPlant monitoring system with your Raspberry Pi.   This Kit is designed to teach the technology and requires NO soldering!
Make programming fun by creating your own games, animations and more with the DigiPixel shield. With free worldwide shipping!
Simple LED tester and LED polarity checker.With a Built in battery tester, It can be used to check 1206, 0805, 0603 and 5mm LEDs
Modkit makes programming the physical world a snap!  Inspired by MIT Media Lab's Scratch, Arduino programming is now accessible to Everyone!
Technologies yesterday available only to research labs and industry turn your iPhone, tablet or PC into an amazing instrument.
TinyDuino - The Tiny Arduino Compatible Platform - with stackable shield support yet smaller than a quarter!
Limited first run Arduino shield compatible six-digit clock using rare and eclectic IN-17 Nixie Tubes.
Motion and Gesture recognition platform w/ Bluetooth + Button + LED + Acc + Gyro + Mag + Light + Pressure + Battery + open Apps.
Hand-held modern gaming for Arduino
Add 128 lines of Digital I/O to your Arduino, Raspberry Pi or BeagleBone Black
The Portable XPlorerBoard lets you plug in 2 Arduino Micros for your projects and eliminates loose parts with its built in components.
A well-designed plug-and-play heart-rate sensor for Arduino.  Put live heartbeats into your project lickety-split.
Connect a HP C6602 inkjet cartridge to your Arduino turning it into a 96dpi print platform.
Brixo building blocks bring your designs to life with electronic sensors, motors and connected apps.
Revolutionary Arduino alternative with an ARM chip, incredible features, great open source tools, tiny footprint and built-in debugger.
MODI is a modular device for DIY IoT, and robotic creations. Just Connect and Build with MODI module.
A beautiful colour video synth, stuffed full of features, CV control, millions of awesome possibilities in a package you can play live.
Heatit is an open-source electronics platform to precisely output high current. It is designed to be powerful, modular and compact!
Learn the fundamentals of electronics, programming and robotics with an Arduino microprocessor.  This kit contains everything to build.
A wireless square with sensors and a simple web app to set rules, Twine tells you what your things are doing by email, text or Twitter.
The world's first Arduino compatible built-in breadboard with Arduino shields, LEGO® bricks and native USB support.
Get straight to the action. Connect sensors to your Arduino in literally 2 seconds.
Awesome Shield teaches hands-on coding, powered by Arduino. For kids aged 10-100.
A fun DIY project for festive parties and events. Embellish your world.
Low Power Arduino Compatible computer with Grove connectors to make going Solar easy with your project.   Easy Prototyping for IOT!
Wearable Muscle Sensor Platform - 4th-gen sensor - Arduino compatible - Control robots, prosthetics, video games, & more!
This card enables your Raspberry Pi to communicate with widely available 5V sensors and from there onto the Internet of Things
Add sound to your projects! Make that teddy bear talk. Give your robot a diabolical laugh. Let your art do the talking. (Literally.)
A powerful little drone synth you can get prebuilt or make yourself. Want a different synth? Just swap the chip for a different program
A better prototyping board. Breadboard layout with extra footprints for connectors, relay and voltage regulator.
nScope is a USB-powered oscilloscope, function generator, and power supply that turns any laptop into an electronics workbench.
A simple, modular solution for building powerful electronic devices.
Temp, Light, and 10 axis of Motion sensing (gyro+mag+baro) for Sports, Wearables, and Education; this is the most advanced BLE SENSOR.
Create Music-Responsive LED Art While Learning Computer Programming!
Domino.IO is an affordable and advanced WiFi hardware platform for Things, and full life-cycle services for Makers!
Tiny dev board with Linux & WiFi. Create cool things with REST APIs, App Store, in-depth tutorials, and our awesome community!
ClamClock is a binary clock for makers and technology geeks. Buy it as a kit or buy it fully assembled and ready to go.
In this class, you will learn how to put together a phone in the shape of a circle, and walk out with a working Cyrcle phone prototype.
The ProtoCam+: An easy way to build projects and prototypes around your Raspberry Pi Camera Module with your A+ and B+ Raspberry Pi
The DuinoKit Jr. is a user-friendly system to learn electronics and programming without soldering or requiring prior experience.
The IoT development platform that runs Python in real time, and features the perfect blend of power, friendliness and flexibility.
CNC - Eleksmill --- An ideal  low cost mini CNC is designed to more functional performance as well as simple to use.
Teensy 3.5 & 3.6 - Powerful Microcontrollers For Making Awesome DIY Electronic Projects
The Autonomo is a matchbox sized, Arduino-compatible, microcontroller board powered by a small solar panel.
A thumb-sized, Particle-powered, Cloud-connected IoT board with Wi-Fi + BLE that supports Arduino, JavaScript and Python too!
BreadBro combines the power of an Arduino and the utility of a solderless breadboard into a single small, handheld package.
The ProtoCam is a prototyping board for the Raspberry Pi, that lets you build projects around your Raspberry Pi Camera Module.
The first of its kind. Hackable. Peculiar. Elegant. Powered by Arduino. Available as a DIY kit or fully assembled.
This oscilloscope clock uses a purely analog signal to generate the circles, arcs and lines that create the characters.
A tiny 32-bit Arduino compatible light, sound, & motion controller you can program yourself!
Conductak is an electrically conductive sticky tack. Use it to prototype circuits and mount components practically anywhere.
Bluetooth Low Energy products for makers, professional developers and your next BLE product.
Easily add up to 8x 5V analog sensors and 4x I2C devices to the Raspberry Pi. Form fitted for the Pi Zero but works with all models
The LightBlue Bean+ is an Arduino-compatible board that is programmed wirelessly using Bluetooth Low Energy.
Connect more than one I2C device with the same address to your microcontroller.
Imagine an Arduino shield that can be configured to be an LCD, GPS, Wifi, or any shield you may think of!
A complete IoT kit that includes all the hardware, software, and cloud infrastructure needed to quickly build a wireless IoT system.
The Smart Pi expansion module extends the Raspberry Pi with interfaces to measure voltage and current and turns it into a smart meter.
The Naked Pi is a customizable engraved transparent case for Raspberry Pi B+ that allows you to enjoy the beautiful details of the Pi.
theOUTlet doubles the amount of outlets where you need them, when you need them, with the simple push of a button!
Python programming language with standard API for ubiquitous ESP8266 WiFi chip, optimised and well supported.
ATLAS 3D is a 3D printable laser scanner kit based on the Raspberry Pi.
Cortex-M3 Dual-core Arduino board,it contains low power wifi module,high quality MP3 decoder,supports  Arduino IDE and Scratch.
DIY Drone X frame from LEGO® Bricks. Fast agile, high flying GoPro carrying lightweight drone.  A DIY project with fun in mind!
Connect retro controllers to our smart new open source device and you can enjoy plug & play gaming across a multitude of systems.
Cheap,WiFi enabled IoT dev kit comes with case/enclosure. Arduino and NodeMCU compatible.Add WiFi to Arduino modules/TinkerKits.
Imagine putting together home automation projects with easy to use DIY open source modules that save energy and make life awesome.
The VFD clock uses IV-11 vacuum fluorescent display tubes to display the time ! The tubes are underlit by leds & can be coated in blue.
The Arduino compatible board to take your projects beyond your home and garden. Anywhere your imagination takes you.
An easy, fun, and educational kit that builds STEAM skills and grows from a soldering project to a friend you can program.
GVSDuino - Take your Arduino project from breadboard to application
Danyboard M0 is an open-source  electronic prototyping platform equipped with an MCU 32-bit ARM cortex M0+, Wi-Fi, microSD reader etc..
Unsere Vision ist es, das Programmieren lernen leichter zu machen. Das ist dabei rausgekommen. Jetzt brauchen wir Eure Unterstützung!
The Pixelduino is a tiny Arduino-compatible microcontroller with a full color 1.5" OLED display + MicroSD built-in!
3 axis motion gyroscope sensor, based on Arduino Pro mini board with Atmega328p microcontroler.
Typically it takes months and $$$ to app-enable embedded products. Now with Smart.IO, you can do it with minimal effort for just $16!
The Nixie Clock III is designed for the very large & beautiful IN-18 nixie tubes. It uses these cold-cathode tubes to display the time.
BluBug wireless programming &  IoT device : Multiple arduino shields integrated into one.
A Bluetooth Programming/ Communication Shield for Arduino projects and robots.
Industrial controllers are expensive and tough to program. This WiFi IoT PLC solves that. Priced right. Feature rich. Build anything!
This fun set can be reprogrammed, and it comes with four programs complete with fully commented Arduino code! A great gift for anyone!
An electronic product used for characterizing lithium 18650 form factor battery cells and reporting optimal pairing data to the user.
A nifty DIY project for the car/motorcycle enthusiast to help keep their engine throttle bodies/carburetors in synchronization.
Easy I/O Connection Cape for the Beaglebone with Analog buffering, GPIO with power/ground and 5V translator.
Watch time fly with the Tempus Fugit, a simple word clock kit, for your Raspberry Pi Zero or Arduino Nano
The motion sensor build-in Wi-Fi hardware. User can create their own motion detected application.
With dual-core Cortex-A72 and quad-core Cortex-A53, ARM® Mali-T860 MP4 quad-core graphics processor, supports dual cameras
Pi Cubes is Modular DIY/Hobby HVAC Automation system based on the Raspberry Pi. Supports up to 24 I/Os and 4 Thermostats.
Connect this bad-boy to your Arduino, and have your UNO talking to you FAST!  Create sentences, statements, and comments with ease!
Originally designed for dynamo-equipped bicycles, Dyna-Snap magnetic connection is a great solution for many low voltage applications.
This card lets you easily connect external 5V devices to your Raspberry Pi Model B and from there onto the Internet of Things
The Oscilloscope Clock II is the next scope clock project using a new pc board, OSC5.3, to supply higher voltages to drive bigger crts.
Learn Arduino development by creating over 15 mini projects with step-by-step guided video instruction and a custom learning board.
SparKit wishes to produce kit-set Wimshurst Machines (Electrostatic generator) for educational use which are simple, quick and reliable
Arduino Uno compatible board with 3.3V levelshifter for I2C, SPI & SerialSRAM, Shields: Wi-Fi, Environ. Sensors, switchable Power Plug.
Introducing the most sophisticated beer pong table kit ever! Completely open-source and fully customizable!
A Wi-Fi 802.11n + Bluetooth 4.1 (Dual Mode) add-on board for any Pi model with the 40 pins GPIO connector including Pi 2, A+ and B+
Ultra Low cost 4 Channel 300KS/s Oscilloscope - Arduino compatible and designed to complement the DIY test bench while being affordable
Want to learn how to actually use a Raspberry Pi?  Learn how the 40 GPIO pins are used.  Take the step from Arduino to Raspberry Pi.
Easy Access to Ground; Big Component Pads; Arduino Dev. Boards Compatible; User Friendly Interface
The Joey is a little LED display that sits off the side of your Pi and works with all your other add-ons.
Power your 9V or 12V device from USB port!
A build-it-yourself computer and electronics kit for girls to code, build, invent & animate. Easy as Pi. For ages 8 & up.
BAL - An easy solution to streaming high quality audio, and Bluetooth development.
Learn electronics by attaching parts onto a printed diagram. It’s easy and fun, like building a puzzle!
The ProtoZero is a prototyping board for the Raspberry Pi Zero
'YES' to beautiful designed electronic components: rapidradio is the cutest RaspberryPi radio ever! 2.4GHz ISM band. Arduino adaptable!
Screwduino is an Arduino UNO compatible with Screw Terminals and great mounting holes
The Button Board makes adding push buttons to electronics projects a breeze by eliminating headaches and adding useful functionality.
Walkie Talkie Duino is an Open source Wireless shield for Arduino that can send Data and/or Audio like a real Walkie Talkie
PIIO is an Digital & Analog Expansion Board for the Raspberry Pi.
Featuring a 32-bit 48MHz ARM Cortex M0+ processor, the Neutrino 2.0 is fully compatible with the Arduino Zero!
A clean and professional design with this small but versatile PCB based on Atmega328P Arduino Pro Mini board.
The world's first integrated and open-source solution to use NFC in Python and create autonomous NFC devices with an ARM micro!
Arduberry unites Arduino shields and the Raspberry Pi with a simple, inexpensive hardware solution. Slide on, copy your code, and go.
Create your own smartwatch, remote sensor tag, or sophisticated home controller with this small, sleek, BLE-enabled, low power dev kit.
Learn to build and program an Arduino, the easy way...  DuinoKit includes parts, wires, instructions and microprocessor ready to build!
$8 Main board. Professional Quality. Easy to build - plug in modules & speakers. Powerful - up to 20 Watts. Bluetooth / WiFi /  Line in
This USB port allows you to take your Raspberry Pi on the road without bringing along a Monitor, Keyboard, Mouse and power supply
Control up to 3 servos, 2 LEDs and read 3 switches from a Raspberry Pi
The Nixie Clock V: an improved version - RGB leds provide multiple color choices and optional switching power supply with lower profile
A smart interface that allows you to build your own powerful and portable mobile device charger.
Originally created for escape rooms, this Arduino compatible unit can control AC devices, electromagnetic locks, and other circuits!
Easy I/O Connections for your Raspberry Pi
Open source and featuring a fast 32-bit 48MHz ARM Cortex M0+ microcontroller, the Neutrino is fully compatible with the Arduino Zero!
SmartiPi Touch is a super sleek stand for the official Raspberry Pi touch display. Camera functionality, wall mountable, and HAT ready.
Colourful soldering and coding fun for your Raspberry Pi, BBC micro:bit or Codebug!
The Wombat board is a prototyping solution which makes it easy for makers to design and build devices for the Raspberry Pi
12 incredibly useful and rewarding Raspberry Pi tools and solutions for Tinkerers and Makers of any age and experience
Melts solder and recharges from a USB port! Ergonomic design. Replaceable tips. Easy-to-use!
If your Arduino project fits into just a few I/O pins and not too much memory you may want this ATTiny85 based card
The Nixie clock uses cold cathode neon filled tubes to display the time.
Easily build reliable, high quality electronic circuits.
Build your own Pi-powered wildlife camera to capture stunning photos & video to help monitor wildlife as a community of digital makers.
iv-Robotics presents the first electrical components compatible with all types of microcontrollers for use with a Breadboard & Arduino.
A single AA battery provides voltages of 5V or 3.3V for hardware prototyping.
Ultimate I/O Hat for the Raspberry Pi (A+, B+ and Pi-2). Connect your 5V devices to this Raspberry Pi daughtercard.
KeyDuino is the easiest way to build an NFC project with Arduino environment
Access the files and programs on your desktop computer anywhere, any time without leaving it on!
Featuring a 32-bit 48MHz ARM Cortex M0+ w/ 16K of ram the Tau gives you a lot of bang for your buck!
A very small Open source Digital Walkie Talkie project made based on ATMEGA8 and a well known RFM12B RF module to send & receive voice
Plug and play sensors and modules for your next Raspberry Pi Zero connected device project.  Make IoT Hardware Devices Effortlessly.
ZelosLaser Cutter in the 2. generation is Sturdy, has a compact design and presents the perfect entry for the daily hobbyist.
This nixie clock project uses IN-12 (end view) nixie tubes backlit by RGB leds. It can be built as a wall clock or a table clock.
Raspberry Pi Multifunction Hat Board IRP-102 Offers RTC, ADC, LCD, RS232/485 And More
Charge and Analyze NiMh Batteries with 18-bits of Resolution (Now 100% Arduino Compatible)
Affordable, fun & interactive kit that teaches you how to solder as well as writing code. Learn how Infrared, RGB LEDs and sound work!
Get a precision adjustable power supply for all your electronic projects.  VoltWerks provides very-low noise 0.8-10V power.
Program your chips, and make your own circuits with these Arduino based projects.  I'll be making several educational videos as well!
This set offers count up & count down modes, a score keeping mode, and a countdown timer mode! Control it with your Arduino !!!
Plug, program and prototype your favorite ATtiny chips with the Chipper Shield - compatible with an Arduino or AVR programmer.
The Inexpensive, Arduino and Amicus18 Compatible, Direct To USB Development Board.
Enables Arduino projects to communicate with Bluetooth Smart (BLE) devices such as the iPhone 4s or the new iPad without Jailbreaking.
Love soldering? Love getting parcels in the post? This campaign is for you! And you'll learn a bit about electronics, too!
Electric bicycles are fast, efficient and fun! And now you can convert your own bicycle into an electric bicycle with my e-bike kit!
Dimmable accurate 6-Nixie Tube Clock with 2-year battery backup. Individually CNC-cut thick cast acrylic glass for this timeless piece!
Get up to 18V from a low voltage input, like LiPo or AA. Instant, live output control. All in a tiny, plug-and-play module.
A powerful tiny circuit for all your needs... ARM® Cortex™ 50Mhz, UART, SPI, I2C...programmed using the mbed™ online compiler IDE
Thinking about using Arduino to automate your home? Do it easily with our compatible board!
A fun, festive GPIO add-on kit for your Raspberry Pi!
A simple electronic dice kit. Just shake the dice to roll.
Arduino Controlled, Color Changing, Build Your Own Flying Disc Kits
Quickly, easily, and securely connect your Arduino Unos, Leonardos, Dues, and Megas to the outside world.
Power your DIY projects with a single alkaline cell. VBOOST fits in a bottlecap.
T&H probe - For Arduino & Raspberry Pi; DIY platforms etc and Arduino Probe shield. "Makers"'s Climate Control project, quicker & style
HamRadioNow will produce online video of the complete 2014 ARRL and TAPR Amateur Radio (Ham Radio) Digital Communications Conference
Watch signals propagate through basic digital circuits. Emulate any two-input logic gate using just one rLogic board and one jumper.
Train this Arduino compatible unit in minutes!  No PC or phone is needed!  Easily program and re-program new voice commands!
A customisable RC controller for radio and infra-red controlled electronics projects. Anything from scale vehicles to robotics.
The AquaPlumb measures water levels with no floats or moving parts, using only a simple wire line.
Make your Arduino project wireless in minutes, with the Open Source Wireless Inventors Shield.  No setup needed.  500 foot range.
Bring music and sound responsiveness into all your Arduino projects easily, with the MSGEQ7 Breakout Board!
uStepper incorporates microcontroller, stepper driver and absolute encoder in an ultra-compact design fitting on the back of a stepper!
A smart and easy way to learn about sensors and actuators and their real world applications using interactive hands-on projects.
Esus board; a new small powerful robot controller board with  the ESP8266 Wifi microcontroller. 100 % Arduino Compatible & Open Source.
Compact and affordable breakout with 128 x 128 pixel full colour 1.5" OLED display. Compatible with Arduino, Raspberry Pi, PIC etc.
The wireless modem you've been waiting for. Works with Arduino & other micros. Open source mesh networking base. FCC Certified. Cheap.
Do you develop Arduino based projects? Garagino is cheap, compact, solderable to PCBs, attachable to breadboards, and much more...
Waterproof stereos built from surplus ammo cans, 7.62x51 cans, Marine speakers, 40 hours of play time, bluetooth any color.
Aurbee, the Arduino compatible, distributed, wireless, micro controller!
Learn everything about the science, construction, and operation of a coil accelerator!
First Software Open-Source PLC 
(Arduino-Compatible) - CE & UL certificated - to control your Internet of Things
Everything you need in one neat little box. Fun to build, fly and fix.
Always wanted to build your own spaceship? This is your chance! The book that will teach you how to launch YOUR DIY spaceship!
Minion is a small, low cost dev board with a wireless radio, ready for the Arduino environment with no need for your own Arduino board.
Novi is new, simple security for renters and home owners. Feel secure about your home without complexity, contracts, or monthly fees.
The "Blink Master" is a fun way to get anyone interested in technology through soldering! The project has seven games to enjoy!
Raspberry Pi based text-to-voice
Makes it easy to add a voice to any Arduino, Gadgeteer or other microcontroller project
Teensy 3.0, an affordable 32 bit ARM Cortex-M4 board, for development in Arduino or C/C++.
This set is production-ready!  Pledge to a DIY kit or assembled/tested set!  Manipulate your voice, and customize with ease!!!
Kits for learning electronics through hands-on activities including  making a space invaders game. Basic, Arduino and robotics kits.
A tiny Cellular development board that gives you Wireless Worldwide.  That means internet to anything anywhere!
Brand new reproduction XC GS/GXL flexi-circuit. Produced in 0.15mm fibre glass . Traces as per original 1970s design.
UART HAT provides two additional serial ports with flow control and an RS232 - TTL  converter for Raspberry Pi All Versions
"Indiepedal" is a student project which aims to design and build a working prototype of a human powered sustainable energy generator.
The MicroView is the first chip-sized Arduino compatible that lets you see what your Arduino is thinking using a built-in OLED display.
The WHIZZKIT Electronic Builder's Kit is designed to give hours of fun and a pathway for anyone wishing to get started in electronics
A small gadget to upgrade your night cache. If the cacher triggers it with his flashlight, a LED will flash a predefined sequence.
A £6 LED board for the Raspberry Pi, ideal for beginners and those wanting to learn to solder and program. Brilliant for education.
An open source tracking device based on the Arduino platform.
Pixy is a fast vision sensor you can quickly “teach” to find objects, and it connects directly to Arduino and other controllers.
WiFi Quad Relay Board with ESP8266 to control upto four AC/DC appliance with Android App. Can Program using Arduino IDE
These Arduino compatible modules are production ready, and can easily compliment your home projects!  Check out our detailed videos!
Simple LED tester and LED polarity checker.With a Built in battery tester, It can be used to check 1206, 0805, 0603 and 5mm LEDs
This AMAZING laser tripwire system is production ready, has MANY modes of operation, and is Arduino compatible!  Lots of reward tiers!
Fargo is a control and monitoring system utilizing a built-in web server to control your electrical system over internet.
Vigek IOT Core is a smart IOT platform that can take photos. It can meet all the needs of DIYers, engineers and product managers.
A geek chic clock that displays the time with bright, vibrant LED lights mounted on a minimalist circuit board display
An Arduino compatible Wi-Fi shield. Easy to use, breadboard friendly and low cost. 5V compatible. Uses the ESP8266 module. Easy IoT.
Let's break some expensive technology and put the videos on YouTube!  Take that, technology!
Embedded security - is it an oxymoron? Learn the truth through a series of hands-on labs targeting computer and electrical engineers.
The most affordable Desktop CNC Router: Using off-the-shelf parts to put CNC technology into the hands of engineers and hobbyists.
Old-school crystal radio kits disguised as pizzas, designed to teach fourth graders (and anyone else) the basics of how radio works.
RFduino: A finger-tip sized, Arduino compatible, wireless enabled microcontroller, low cost enough to leave in all of your projects!
EcoFan is a Smarter, Quieter, Cheaper, Efficient Bathroom Fan, Arduino+PC-Fan powered, 433 mHz RF remote module built-in. Open source.
Konekt Dash is a cellular dev kit (Arduino/Pi/+) powered by Konekt's global data plan (100+ countries) & Cloud (pub/sub/store/route)
Microduino is... Arduino compatible + Small size + Stackable pin-out + Various extension modules + Open source + Low price == Awesome!
Build it with no shields, no wires, no mess & no sweat. Rugged. Simple and powerful. Easy to use. Fully open source Arduino WiFi PLC.
The ZelosLaser Engraver is affordable, has a compact design and presents
the perfect entry for the daily hobbyist.
YoungBoard — A new transport for sustainable development by Center Young GmbH.  We are a new start up company and need your support!
Learn to create interactive projects using common sensors!
Need extra GPIOs?  New I2C GPIO extender!  Need to switch batteries or Solar Panels?  New Quad Power Management i2C Board!
This module interfaces easily with your PC & computer speakers, and mixes funny/scary sounds into the line. IT ALSO MAKES A GREAT GIFT!
Monitor remote devices using cellular phone SMS text messages when you don't have the luxury of the internet.
For years we manufactured the ARDUINO in Italy. Now we created a new Open System: modular, scalable, the world's cheapest and smallest!
Coin cell operated Arduino Compatible board with Color Display and Accelerometer.For Games,Gadgets and Smartwatch (Wifi,MicroSD Add-on)
Arduino based  prototype PCB  for ATMEGA328P
Take that Arduino Project one step beyond a temporary breadboard with Proto Arduino!
Smart Switch Open Source ESP8266 WIFI with Attiny85 (Arduino Bootloader) for IOT & Home automation with Android App
Sleev is a revolutionary new product that will cover the joints of your wires to help protect them against wrinkles and other damages.
Connecting cannabis home grows to the Internet of Things and creating the first open source community for cannabis growers!
Solar Array Wind Turbine: Self contained, three phase, hybrid renewing generator.
Low cost complete kit that uses solar+wind to end your home's fossil fuel dependence and save you money!
110 watt high efficiency cob led grow light.
It's an electromagnet from a solar array, an electromagnet rotated by a solar array shaped to be a windmill. Amplified co-generation
I want to create a system that anyone can build, to produce and store solar energy independent of grid connections.
Save Money and time by Burning your own BootLoader's onto Atmega Chips In Seconds with ease.
Officially supported by Arduino IDE
I used to do art projects from E-Waste I would like to start doing those again. I made a really neat clock.
The more Sun, the stronger the Electromagnet, the more Wind, the more the Magnet spins.
Melts Lead-Free Solder! Lasts hours and recharges from a USB port! Open Source Hardware, lightweight, fast, cordless, easy-to-use!
Build your own Raspberry Pi powered Touchscreen Digital Camera complete with interchangeable lenses!
BITalino is designed for anyone interested in building self-tracking applications based on information from your body.
ATTiny board with useful prototyping area
The Useless Can is a DIY kit for everyone. It contains 45 pieces that you assemble without soldering to create a fun mechanism.
Makeosity's young makers engineered a high tech energy scooter with portable generator to charge iphones and other electronic devices.
Get both girls and boys learning tech by building their own tablet-interactive toy. Connecting virtual adventures to the real world!
PiSolMan is a highly efficient Solar Module for continuously powering Raspberry Pi while monitoring power consumption & battery state.
Easy to use wireless device for building the IoT.  4 mile range.  5 year battery life. Works with hundreds of sensors and devices.
Maximize your breadboard experience and bring your design to life.
The field phone module allows normal telephones to work as a privately wired communications network. Great for emergencies or just fun!
A Hyper Island project combining Food, Music, and Digital Technology to answer the question:
Phenox 2 is a programmable drone for your creativity. More intelligent, more interactive and more programmable platform for everyone.
Liteseeds LED stickers are tiny, bright, little LEDs made in the form of a sticker. They are peel and stick lights! Safe & easy to use.
An electronic circuit construction system that aims to bridge the gap between learning electronics, and inventing electronic products.
The Pixelduino is a tiny Arduino-compatible microcontroller with a full color 1.5" OLED display + MicroSD built-in!
Oh Eye is 16 analog inputs for Raspberry Pi. The Brickbridge is a microcontroller for bridging Mindstorms projects and other sensors.
Built from an easy to assemble kit the D.I.Y. Multibox PC is the perfect  [work|play|hack]-space accessory.
The only Full Tube, 100% Analogue, Modelling Guitar Amplifier.
Totally Analogue, controlled by your Phone-Tablet-MIDI board.
Now everyone can build their own 3D Zoetropes
Raspberry Pi powered Nixie Tube Calculator using IN-12 Nixie Tubes.
Versatile, CAN-bus capable, Arduino compatible, open source controller for your car, boat, home, robot, etc.
Holiduino Flake is an easy-to-program, seasonally-themed, Arduino-compatible ornament. It’s unique, fun, and educational!
tweeq is a powerful and open micro-sized arduino compatible platform, with a whole range of teeny tiny add-ons!
Make your own light-up pop-up greeting cards with these educational kits. A fun way to learn simple circuitry and paper engineering!
A modular uninterruptible power supply. Logs running stats and extendable through user code. Runs as a cape for beaglebone black.
A Morse Code training device based on a RaspberryPi B+ and 64x128 Graphic LCD screen mounted in a small wood case with telegraph key.
Professional service with a outstanding and driven attitude to bring high end Home theater installations and all PC/Mac repairs.
No experience necessary. Millions of technology-based projects.  Learn coding, science and engineering. Create DIY devices.
Please help fund the build of a realistic-looking Borg Cube to drive in the DragonCon parade over Labor Day weekend 2016!
Swing Blade Skateboards does tricks,climbs hills and inclines,has 3 position adjustable rear truck and operates without foot push off!
Make your own ultimate ammo can speaker system.  Complete with Digital Media Deck, Sub, Battery, Bluetooth, AUX input, and AM/FM Radio
Plug-n-Play 4 Port USB hub that directly connects to the USB micros of the Pi Zero - No Soldering Required!
The SubPos Ranger allows you to accurately measure distance or obtain your position indoors for all hobbyist robotics applications.
9MSPS three channel oscilloscope and waveform generator. Turn your Arduino, Nucleo or Discovery board into fully featured oscilloscope
There are so many projects on solar energy. But have you tried to make your own solar panel? EGO cell will make it easy.
Contribute to an Eagle PCB license upgrade and receive a ULP that allows double sided circuit boards and unique shapes on CNC machines
A rover controller built using ESP8266 IoT chip.  The project is to productize the circuit to interface with Snap circuits rover
Smart sense LED light is an alternatives to energy saver, incandescent and fluorescent lights. It produces awesome 100 lumens per watt.
Portable DIY ADS-B receiver with WIFI and WAAS GPS
Kester Kits are fun, new, and innovative beginner kits that would help you get started in electronics for anyone of all ages!
The goal is to create a cooler that doesnt need ice and can be driven on rough terrain. Large size cooler for outdoor family gatherings
Two wires are all you need to add a user interface to any processor project. Switches, encoders and LEDs all handled automatically.
Originals were 3D printed. Since it's first unveiling,
it has had a lot of demand. This is a patent Pending 
Replacement panel.
Turn any outlet or switch in your home into a smart switch by installing an EVI InWall behind your existing switches and outlets.
Control R/C cars, boats, planes, quadcopters and robots over Bluetooth and the Internet using your smartphone, with GPS and video feed.
A solar USB charger for hiking and camping that you can modify any way you want. Optional 3350mAh USB battery regulates solar power.
It's time to release a new line of backlight for DMGs and Pockets.  Help us create the best backlight ever!
Custom LED Lighting Kits for Remote Control Car, Truck, Boat, Helicopter, Quadcopter, and more! Make your RC look awesome!
The future in affordable, customizable, real-time monitoring of vehicular assets to prevent loss, provide convenience and add security.
A high-speed longboard project inspired by Nikola Tesla, magnetism, and the Boundary-layer effect.
LCD shield, enclosure, keypad. Shield features backlight, beeper, 2 relays and a breadboard area. Enclosure has room for Arduino Uno.
An open source tool to measure capacitance and leakage current as a function of a capacitor's working voltage.
Whats that? Colourful light. What does it do? Shines colourful. - Bluetooth controlled light, custom effects. All you need!
The 1-2-3 simple to use grow computer. Control it remotely, or set it up with a keyboard, mouse and monitor as a personal computer.
me and my crew need a mini maker space for our youtube young makers group.
The QLite is a DIY handheld controller kit.  A customizable platform for controlling projects.
A circuit board and guide to programming electronic projects in Python on the Raspberry Pi.
GameLab is a series of electronic kits.
A DIY website devoted to helping others living energy independent by using renewable energy systems.
WiFi controllable motors for your many projects. An Open Source platform that anyone can use.
Starter Kit and circuit videos that go together in an affordable way
Simple Multi-power supply unit for Breadboard with easy to switch option between 5V and 3.3V.
Programmable DSP Filter & Amplifier & signal generator
mbugs™ - miniature electronic building blocks for the mbed online compiler
A home automation solution that is feature rich yet simple and affordable.
simple LED tester and LED polarity checker.With a Built in battery tester, It can be used to check 1206, 0805, 0603 and 5mm LEDs
Modular and wireless development platform that allows an easy customization for almost any motion capturing task you can think of!
Ever try to find a service provider for twisting fine film coated electrical wire pairs in any amount less than a 2-thousand pound tub?
A book to get more young people into robotics,using simple parts to create a wide range of robots with complex behaviors,20+ projects
Working on a way to control Aux side lights and have them work with the turn signals. I have a working prototype that needs refining.
A universal PWM kit that can be used to vary the speed, brightness or voltage of almost anything including LED's, Fans and motors.
Tiny self-contained board that can do automation, alerts, cellular data, phone calls, SMS text messages, and more - USB plug & play
WiFi-MCU is developed based on EMW3165.Run the Lua script directly, Operate hardware resource, Achieve product prototypes.
If there is a bit more than a breeze at the top of your roof you can capture that energy.
LED Insert Kit,  changes energy draining bulbs to LEDs is Green on energy and cost savings to consumers, brighter light for 
less $$.
The DIY Headphone Kit is an interesting and cool way for children and adults to learn about electronics and electromagnetic induction.
The perfectly fun and educational kit designed to inspire industriousness, creativity and physical activity!
We want to create a small "power shed" to allow people to use electronics but not have a loud generator running.
A simple device that uses a calming pattern of light to help users fall asleep by training their breathing
Stumped on how to make your robotics project move? Now you can create complex motions and control logic without writing any code.
Basically I want to develop an application thats transmits a string of text to a FM transmitter that is connected to the soundcard.
NoiseJack: Blocking out annoying office chatter since 2014!
Both entertainment and education. Using PICAXE MCU, allowing user to write BASIC program to read sensor status and control the lights.
A Anpr camera built around the raspberry pi and the noir camera
Solar Green Energy to Build a Server Farm and help Save the Planet
Domotics Kit is an integrated solution for automation, security and energy efficiency, based on Arduino, Udoo and Raspberry.
The supercharged modern food producing machine that anyone can build along with us. Will be Built by a pro, and designed for anyone.
Rabbit ECU is a low cost DIY automotive engine controller that features a powerful ARM processor and on-board wide-band sensor driver.
Robo-Tank is a DIY aquarium controller for freshwater, saltwater or reef tanks from 20g - 600g. Control LED's, ATO, PH, EC and more.
Lavadora que posibilita, simultáneamente, lavar 2 tipos diferentes de ropa, gracias a su sistema de doble tambor en paralelo patentado.
OHMkara is a bread-boarding multi-tool. Back us today and help us turn at-risk students into the next generation of makers and doers!
Complete electrolytic capacitor sets to bring your old amplifiers (and other devices) back to life!
Circuit Armour will take your DIY electronics project from the breadboard to a professional looking, sealed product in under an hour.
Tiny CMOS/TTL to RS232 converter. Accelerate your electronics prototypes and make communication easier than ever before!
CNC Machined Aluminum Enclosure for your Arduino
Always handy small but versatile power supply for everyday work with low-power electronic projects
Helping unlock the potential in disadvantaged students through the art of coding and with the help of Raspberry Pi!
KegCop is an open source iOS application designed to make your kegerator smart.
The "Youth Quad" is a learning opportunity for youth in underrepresented areas to design and fabricate their own inventions.
The Extended DAC Shield is a high-speed, high-precision, eight channel, -10V to +10V analog output shield for the Arduino.
With the advancements in LED technology and modern epoxy resins we can build up to 9000 lm lights using only 100 watts of power.
Make your own smartphone controlled solar collector, with recycled soda cans, based on a raspberry pi.
Learn to automate your garden at home with an easy & safe DIY project kit using open-source Arduino modules.
The TCC-13, TCC-13H, TCC-13B Amps. Hand-made Quality Grade A and RoHS Compliant Amps. Designed to revolutionize electronics and sound
A free and open source automatic temperature controller for use in cooking with sous vide, BBQ smokers, and more.
iSurvived is for emergencies when your device accidentally gets dropped in water. Use our nanotechnology and save the rice for eating.
Transform your Arduino-based, proof of concept into a scalable prototype, ready for manufacturing.
With an IR remote and the IRS5, wake any home theater PC from a complete OFF state (S5) then control it. No special drivers needed.
A Spark Core based, sensor for noise, temp, power, barometric pressure, UV/IR, illumination, soil temp and humidity, motion and more.
A smarter Arduino.  4.3" touchscreen TFT display, speaker, battery, SD card socket, XBee socket and more. All in a smart designer suit.
Culbox is an Open Source Wrist Watch for Arduino with built in Bluetooth and bunch of Hi-Tech sensors and tons of features for Makers
TESPA is a complete IoT development platform help you to create IoT solution within a few minutes.
A battery powered 3.3v, 5v, or 7v supply for Arduino, PIC, MSP430, and all your electronic projects.
The ioXtreme CORE is a robust modular mounting system for IOT Controllers e.g Raspberry PI, Arduino, Beaglebone.
Rosetta is an easy-to-use hardware platform that integrates many different technologies, such as Bluetooth v4.0, Wi-Fi, USB and HDMI.
The NifteeSupply -- where connectivity, simplicity, and portability come together to form the perfect tool for your next project.
New PlierTek All in One Universal iPad iPhone MacBook frame repair tool kit is the must have tool for every Apple repair shop.
Berdikari is efficient and easy to use, RFID emulator
I want to start a free youtube education vblog which is all about electronics, tech, gadgets and much more.
[EN] The first smart and autonomous Arduino based garden!
[FR] Le premier potager intelligent et autonome à monter soi-même!
The design is a versatile highbred. The project is to make a reverse-trike that will allow someone to use an electric engine or a motor
The option for any type of glass/window to be transformed from a transparent state to a haze by the use of a film we call "Smart Film"
Carpet "Lummi" follows your steps with light at night. In your house, wherever you go, the light always follows you automatically.
The LongPixel is a chain-able board that turns a strip of Analog RGB LEDs into a giant, digitally-controlled LED.
easy sleeve is a handy little earth sleeving dispencer that will hold upto 30ft of sleeving for the ease of earthing your copper earth
Simple LED tester and LED polarity checker.With a Built in battery tester, It can be used to check 1206, 0805, 0603 and 3/5mm LEDs
Open-source 16 PWMs, 8 ADCs and dual-voltage communications to sit on your Raspberry Pi to drive your quadcopter, robot, 3D printer etc
StickyBUGs are small, modular boards that enable you to quickly make your own Arduino shield, with no wiring or soldering required!
EdCar is a one-of-a-kind learning experience. The goal is the car, but the knowledge gained will fuel your future adventures.
Learn programming with this digital simulator - 8 ins (buttons) and 8 outs (LEDs) to connect to Arduino, Raspberry Pi, etc.
Cool Buttons are pro-audio gear like RGB LED color lighted buttons to make your Arduino, Raspberry Pi, etc projects WAY more Awesome!
The Starter Shield plugs directly into an Arduino Uno and teaches beginners how to program sensors and other components.
Solar energy is an important part of a more sustainable society. Here's a great hands on activity for everyone to get a start.
Mod-Arm is a dual Arduino chip based alarm system with an LCD and a Keypad, all with battery backup. The possibilities are endless...
Need funding for next level of production.  Lynx Wind has been in business since 2012 and profitable selling wind turbines, DIY plans..
The VisiPort2 is a USB To Serial Module that has been designed to program Arduino’s. It's compact size is perfect for any bread board.
Zip The Fish Pi board in combination with a Raspberry Pi, is able to make any property from a small room to a large hotel 'Clever'
Intelligent Electronic Water Saving leak Fill Valve Device for Toilets.  Automatic water shutoff with notification alerts.
GeoThings: built-in GPS and mobile connection, solar powered, cloud-powered, ultra low consumption and Arduino compatible IoT board
touchIt is a precise gesture-based input device for many applications.
Get a gadget to build - learn to code it with my help - help me teaching my students with these kits...
Create your own pixel LED animations using our Pixel Maker App and download it to our wearable matrix (or let us download it for you)
Experiments with Computer Architectures for Kids and Students aged 9-99
Solid & Durable Electro-Mechanical Telegraph Kit for Classrooms, Students, and Hobbyists. Made in a USA Home Factory from Wood & Metal.
The most simple and affordable DIY solution that offers 24/7 protection from fire, flood, carbon monoxide, and freezing temperatures.
Dimmable Accurate 6 Nixie Tube Clock with 2-year battery backup. Individually crafted thick cast acrylic glass for this timeless piece!
Add ZigBee, Z-Wave, Bluetooth, and Wi-Fi to your Raspberry Pi and BeagleBone Black with on-board sensors and an easy cloud API.
My Dream is to bring back the Classic 1960`s British record players  There is No Affordable record players made in Britain any more
Get rid of IR remotes, control your LED strips by WiFi from everywhere
This is the next generation in Home Automation, improving on nearly every aspect of existing Automation Systems
The Starter Shield for Arduino is the best way to test the possibilities of the Arduino for a beginner. This is an open-source project!
Control LED lighting in separate areas and zones as though they were connected, with the Wireless Quattro 4 Zone LED Lighting Control.
Your imagination + Arduino Uno compatible + Perfboard. Reuse all existing shields.
STEM Circuits links the elements of Science - Technology - Engineering and Mathematics to foster an interest in STEM Careers.
iPhones have very specific screw placings in their cases, and DIY repairs are often difficult. How do you solve that issue? MyHolder!
The Raptor 190 FPV Quadcopter is an aggressive little beast. The Pro version has Carbon Fiber main plates with a PETG spacer.
A stage of development of a Instrumentation loop amplifier that will see 4 Amplifiers in the space of the current working prototype.
UIC Senior Design project group seeking funds to build a drone that will revolutionize civil engineering inspections.
Want to build your own lithium batteries? Now you can build a custom lithium battery of any voltage and capacity to fit your needs!
The Arc-Controller is here to give power to the Maker by bring high Amp motor control to your projects.
Everything you need to repair your iPhone in case of disaster, your last resort, go to kit for DIY iPhone repairs.
The DoorGreeter App greets customers every time they enter! To change the tone, open DoorGreeter App and select the new sound!
Programmable DSP Filter with 7 programmable 2nd order IIR hardware filters, also Digital waveform generator .
conception, design and building of high quality handmade guitar pedal effect and accessories.
Robots are not that difficult. Make your own today. PVCBot is here to help you.
Want to get your hands on future IoT without busting your budget? Get Badgerboard - Arduino compatible LoRa® development board!
Curbbie is designed for Do It Yourself (DIY) install using sensors to detect and warn you when you are within inches of a curb.
So you've been training, but do you know how much time you need to launch the tsuki or geri? Here's the answer, plus: YOU CAN BUILD IT!
Take your Raspberry Pi HAT off or build a better LEGO® compatible Raspberry Pi A+ case. Harness the power of the HAT.
Add User Friendly Widgets to Arduino or any other Microcontroller (i.e. PIC, Atmel, PSoC, AVR, ARM) based Systems
Convert your car's horn into a musical one with this DIY kit. So easy to install anybody can figure it out.
Raspberry Pi Zero USB hub, breadboard and voltage regulator, fits perfectely in an optional cap rail enclosure.
Get the power your devices crave from almost any source: batteries, laptop bricks, wall adapters and solar panels.
Researching the feasibility of at-home hydrogen production to fulfill transportation needs in a high-pace society.
Need to up grade operations to meet market demand at a faster rate.this money will alow us to meet that demand and keep low prices.
Provide a safe, reliable, modular BMS comprised of OEM-grade components in a manner which maximizes user application flexibility.
bug-I is all you need to begin your coding journey: Arduino™ compatible board + PlayBoard with fixed components + fully online training
An educational platform designed for the Texas Instruments LaunchPad ecosystem with particular emphasis on the  MSP430 LaunchPad
I would like to use my experience in the marketing/advertising field to provide a simple way to find meal options.
SPOILMEKITS were design for "SAFETY FIRST" in mine.and are the BEST sequential lights on the market today.(very easy to install )
The most simple and affordable DIY solution that offers 24/7 protection from fire, flood, carbon monoxide, and freezing temperatures.
Wireless & Independent ready to use IoT solutions (ESP8266 or Arduino) with WiFi or GSM/GPRS support on the micro sized PCB.
A table top accessory that makes your desk look and smell its best
Your Steps, the number of useless mailbox trips you've made in the past, only to be greeted by Junk/NO mail "IT'S OVER MAILMAN"
Light plates to fit the Hammond 1590B enclosure. The light plate is used with an LED to create a "Halo" of light around the base.
An Arduino-compatible shield to let you monitor ambient conditions in your home, office, or workshop.
Complete project solution: Enclosure, LCD JEMshield++, keypad. Built-in Arduino reference design! Just start writing your code.
The Magzor Design Platform simplifies robotic design by automatically configuring hardware and software.
Ever try to find a service provider for twisting fine film coated electrical wire pairs in any amount less than a 2-thousand pound tub?
PiJack is a simple "shield" board which adds 10Mbps ethernet conenction to Raspberry Pi Zero in the most convenient way possible.
Persistence of vision display. This creates similar effect like light photography but in real time.
Breaking the stereotype by encouraging and empowering girls in STEM (science, technology, engineering, math) fields.
Raspberry Pi micro-computer, safe venues to learn and enjoy, for "at risk / under privileged" kids in Kc MO and Kc KS.
We will be creating an intense self playing drum set using micro-controllers, actuators, and lines of code using Arduinos!
Homemade wind turbine designed to charge a battery and in turn charge a smart phone. Will also create a melody when spinning.
Self install factory look alike after market cruise control kit for the Chevy Trax LS, Chevy Cruise LS, Sonic LS and Spark. For $350.00
Curb LED is a replacement for neon open signs and sandwich boards that are currently used by retail stores to get your attention.
Two Dads with one vision to change the world's thinking about pedal powered power generation. "Contributing in a useful way".
KidsFix-it teaches kids how to problem solve, enhance cognitive thinking, and find value in objects others may disregard.
Insta Glass is a quick and easy iPhone repair kit that uses the same materials as windshield repair companies at a fraction of the cost
Outdoor LED flood light system with simple wiring and connection solution helps homeowners connect outdoor wiring in about 5 minutes.
100w led flashlight that looks better then my prototype would like a 12 volt step up instead of my 34v w/ step down and a 3d printer
Leftover lenny is a light activated voice recorder attached to food containers reminding user of stored foods left in fridge/pantry.
A Reef Controller that gives the power to the user, allows your reef to be left without worry, and can be shown off to its full extent.
Liberating Humanity from Oil and Banking Cartels One Free Energy Device at a Time!
A simple tool for a simple job - conveniently reset all your consumer electronics without having to find and destroy paperclips.
The μHack (aka. uHack and microhack) is a very small, arduino compatible micro-controller designed to bring DIY hacking to everyone!
charging system using centrifugal force. this can be accomplished using each axle as a station set up with a charging system w/inverter
A USB socket which can be simply mounted in car dashboards to charge phones etc, and also used on workstations to keep wires tidier.
With the Jet commander, schedule your sprinkler's start and stop times from your smartphone. Connects easily with standard sprinklers.
Modee is a simple and durable Raspberry Pi2 case. Modee can be "bolted" to other Wellbro products or any of your own projects.
A fourth axis to my CNC machine for my business to keep up with the demand of wooden items that we create for our business.
Design and control colorful pixels wirelessly to create amazing accent lights, wearables, and more!
what we hope to achieve is a place where a person can create whatever they want. woodworking, metalworking,3d printing, electronics etc
I am trying to create a line of drones to be used for surveillance and cinematography purposes.
Dispositivo para avisar mediante email,sms o llamada en caso de que se interrumpa el suministro electrico,nevera,congelador,acuario...
This Electric VIBtester is better then other because if you work is in place with a lot of noises or in sunny day you can easily work
Plug in and have fun. Have your Christmas lights dance to music without having to engineer or program anything.
Creations wood recowered with graft light and sound run by smartphone without special application.Each piece is unique.
Convert your cell phone into a HUD, for your car or truck. The CarHUD slips onto your vehicle's sun visor, and holds your smart phone.
Serve-Air is an open source electronic board. It provides an enhanced servo control to reduce fuel consumption in vehicles.
The idea is to create a modular stackable Z80 microprocessor based board to use it as an arduino.
Help me build a powerful 1/10 scale electric RC truck to take to a charity car show I volunteer for and help run yearly.
This is an FM transmitter that can sweep the whole entire FM band. so you can transmit to any FM station on the radio.
No flicker light, no infrared or ultraviolet, no unsafe blue light, against myopia, against cataract,minimize eye strain,protect vision
I would like to build a 4 kW 20°C delta solar thermal generator to power an average home similar to a residential photo voltaic system.
AHCS is Starting a Robotics Club! And we need your help! Help our students learn how to shape the future, one robot at a time!
THE GOAL OF THIS PROJECT IS IMPLEMENTING A LOW COST POWER SUPPLY DIGITALY PROGRAMMABLE .
THIS WILL BE A DIY KIT FOR EVERY HANDYMAN
I'm modifying a house boat to be to run on solar power.  The boat will operate/cater on the Hudson River and show case solar energy.
Educational project.. DIY-Bio,  PCR-machine for amateur bio lab, about  $50  .. universal design for experiments  with PCR process.
To build a community Indoor/Outdoor RC car facility to promote community racing while promoting the math and sciences
I am attempting to start a drone racing league for middle school students of the Northland Kansas City area. Please help us "take off."
Our gadget saves warm water on any pipe. Easy DIY.
After X number of minutes/litres it slowly shuts off the flow in intervalls.
The worlds first Human electric solar powered hybrid vehicle designed and built for the  1991 international Energy Challenge
Want to be the best there ever was? Phone battery just cant keep up with your poke-lifestyle. The Pok-Egg-o may be just what you need!
I designed the initial drawing and parts list that I posted to my website. Need starting funds to get parts to build the prototype.
A solar light to brighten your whole room and the future of families living in darkness around the world.
My goal is to make progress in the field of electrolytic fuel production. Hopefully one day making it a more efficient energy source.
Solar DC, Wind AC, pulsating DC amplifies AC. Current heats and pumps water to make coffee.
diy power on the cheap and safe.
" Save a life check twice."
Avoid parents from forgetting their baby in the hot car
I want to develop a safe way to decorate multiple houses in Christmas lights and synchronize them to music or with my own set program.
Our team is designing and creating this project for our Mechanical Engineering Senior Design Project. Any help is greatly appreciated.
The easiest way to connect electronics to your phone. Control robots and read sensors with your phone without programming firmware.
An implementation of the EV tech currently available mixed with on board self charging for extended range and things like heat and air
I am building a Cat Condo with multiple HD cams strategically placed. The videos and images will be saved to a server for later use.
A LED book/notebook cover that allows you to take notes and read at dark. It is lightweight, flexible, portable, and easy to use!
We plan to make a solar powered A/C unit, separate from the car's pre-existing one, to help prevent child and pet deaths in cars.
Support innovation and change the world in support of freeing all from rising fuel cost. Free and clean energy is in demand.
This DIY kit gives you the ability to light up your iPhone in places you would of never known was possible w/ hardly no Battery Drain!
FishSplash was developed by a fisherman with many years of experience fishing, who was frustrated to see how the sea was being polluted
This project is to help purchase a 3D printer to develop prototype moulds and parts for the PetFeedr Project which will be later on.
Hello my name is Shayden, and I wish to bring you a new way of pre-built custom gaming/office/home PC's.
Smart LED Hula Hoop with Bluetooth. Manipulate Animations during performances with your Android Phone.  What more can you ask for.
The Electronic Sensor Trigger Timer
is a useful hobbyist circuit that safe and easy to use.
It serves as a control system for projects.
Lets work together to end plug depravation in America one plug at a time.
Super speed USB3.0 Flash Drive and dual orientation plug.
Simple look. Simple to use. 
New and Different.
If you have ever wanted or imagined creating an unmatched and ungodly gaming experience? This is exactly what we are doing here.
BLOW-FREE, a compact air conditioning system w/ solar components for small  vehicles interior rear deck.
Help us build three exciting applications using Arduino Yun board. These applications interface with Google Docs, Gmail and Dropbox.
lawnmower, tractor, RFID, safety, children, electronics, transmission, technology, engineering.
I want to enhance what I have already created.  A clean alternative to solar energy. Such as the indoor wind farm I created.
We want to build a device that makes people use solar cell as easy as AA battery.
A miniature city for RC/Nitro enthusiast. It will include race tracks (both on and off road) and plenty of free roam areas.
As an ex-professional gamer, I learned all things computers; coding, hacking, scripting... Learn efficient use of mobile technology!
Changing the world bit by bit with clean energy.

We like to give you the opportunity to be part of a sustainable future.
A DIY Driverfree LED Module that goes with your idea for installation!
I am peddling for your support of a new process of producing energy from air and water and cleans the air at the same time amazing !
Free yourself. Start a business. Breathe easier. Love yourself again. All in 1 idea. You don't need a Harley to look cool!
An electromagnet from a solar array, an electromagnet rotated by a solar array shaped to be a windmill.
Cook healthy and tasty using math of parabola and ellipse.  Support Solar Man research on water, energy, food, IT, and transportation.
Easy to install solar powered DIY kit to replace your existing pool chlorinator saving on your electricity bill.
Birthing detector for your pet. Addik Pet warns you a few minutes before the arrival of the first baby and it's live on the net
I have hypothesized a design of Inertial Static Confinement Fusion that will reduce conduction loss.
It will light 2x50 W bulbs and also indefinitely recharge a 12V battery. Extended version of Maxwells eq to gravity fields r described.
Since God likely doesn't exist, I intend to create a plan based on software that would have a single goal: manufacturing God
Creating a fuelless emergency power supply for home or office use.
Like a Go-Kart kit to demonstrate 4 wheel drive is possible.
Smoke Alarm + Smart Phone = You And Your Emergency Contacts Being Notified By Text Or E-mail Of A Fire Or CO Leak At Home.
Talk2Text tech is already in cell phones. Most students barely use it for school work. I show them how for free. They already own it.
The goal of this project is to build and test some Edwin Gray components in the light of new theoretical approach to Free Energy.
Backup and charging are daily tasks for most smartphone users. 
Is there a better and smarter way to do it ? Syncube does.
Dedicated to restoring and converting vintage American Made tube amplifiers for discerning guitarists. Completely hand-built.
A machine that converts gravity energy (f=g), into electricity.
I need to build at least 12 of these units,and put them into places that are easy to monitor them, for recording the daily performance
Have been playing with magnets for a long time, I knew that there must be a way to generate power without waving magnets
THERE WILL BE FREE ENERGY!    THE OVER-UNITY CONTINUOUS MOTION ELECTRIC GENERATOR IS REAL!
I want to create a cotton that enhances the delicious flavors of your juice mainly the dessert ones that everyone loves.
What if everything we believe about fuel and energy was WRONG...What if all the power to run our planet was clean energy, made from HHO
The pDuino Nimoy is a tiny Arduino Leonardo clone.
My partner and I, are making an electric go-kart for a science project. We are doing so by buying gas go-karts and making them electric
For a beautiful lawn in half the time.
Make your own mini computer at home!
A high school student doing a non-profit project on researching coil accelerator's properties (a.k.a coilgun) is searching for support.
Open Source, Wireless Mesh Networking. Based on IEEE 802.15.5.
An Arduino based home automation system that integrates security, renewable energy source management and  power distribution in one.
Blowfree provides an easier way to replace a broken vehicle AC system. The kit is ergonomic, easy to install come is various designs.
converting Micro Electrical Frequencies  into Low Voltage then Amplifying then into High Voltage 
that can be used to power a house
Computer Vision Controlled Automated Fish/poultry Feeder, Let the Computer Do the Work So You Dont Have To.
A cutting edge product for tile illumination to be used with smart phone or tablets, that is safe and easy to install
The more Sun, the stronger the Electromagnet, the more Wind, the more the Magnet spins.
making the daily lives of elderly and disabled people easier
A modular system that lets you create connected devices in minutes, no technical experience required. Hackable with Arduino IDE.
Laser Cube is an open source and economical laser engraver/cutter kit . It is so easy to use and have pleasure from it .
Gyro + Acc + Temp Sensors in a Tiny Case that's programmable with your Phone so you can start gathering sensor data in minutes!
DIY Wearables - Learn about electronics, create unique projects, light up your wardrobe, personalize presents, and more!
The first hackable toy of its kind, Zubi Flyer teaches real code in a fun, simple way; it's as easy as 1,2,3 | Build, Hack, Play!
It's fun to get parcels through the post, especially when they contain an electronics kit for you to solder!
The ZelosLaser Engraver is affordable, with a compact design and the perfect entry for the Daily Hobbyist.
Not just another lonely board, but the complete solution: circuit board,  display, I/O, software and rugged enclosure.
Control stuff with your phone! The Switcheroo is a Bluetooth LE board designed to upgrade everyday devices for smartphone control.
Smart security that's easy to use
This is the ONLY protoboard that you'll need !!!
Production-grade hardware and the tools you need to design, test & productize motion sensing applications.
Beginning with an operational Underwater ROV, Simple Underwater ROV's for Young Adults encourages exploration in the underwater world.
.
Alarm Circuit Board for those easy quick training circuits.
Yooquik® is the new Open Source Bluetooth® Arduino® compatible security system managed from your tablet/smartphone and cloud connected.
A connected lever lock made of stainless steel equipped with emergency recharge, keyless entry and AES encryption security functions.
ProtoPalette Makes Building With Arduino Easier And More Fun Than Ever Before
The best superpower you can have is to be empowered. With Symbisa, the #IoT world is yours to own. Learn more and be part of it.
Learn to automate your garden at home with an easy & safe DIY project kit using open-source Arduino modules.
A wristwatch that displays the time date and alarm settings in binary
Easy Installation ebike kit .Front gearless hub motor  .
with li-ion battery.
The Button Board makes adding push buttons to electronics projects a breeze by eliminating headaches and adding useful functionality.
Build | Fly | Crash | Fix | Love
A simple, low cost and intuitive system to invent and recycle electronics using LEGO - brick by brick.
Genius Light uses a motion sensor to detect the motion through which it controls the ON/Off process and saves up to 90% energy.
A low cost optical sensor board for motion tracking or gaming mice
Build a beautiful and powerful Mini-PC with the Entropy.
True mini-ITX case with industry standardized components.
Tone reactive RGB LED Strip Controller.   LED's react according to the level of Bass or Treble rather than just typical noise level.
DIY automation of your existing window blinds. Works with a Z-Wave controller.
Do it yourself PCB's in minutes. A practical mix of DIY manufacturing from conductive ink's to CNC milling to Arduino micro's and more
The educational robotics kit designed to be hacked.
Save up to 30% of your energy bill. Finally, Room-by-Room Temperature Control. No more being too hot or too cold at home.
Maximize your breadboard experience and bring your design to life.
Melts solder and recharges from a USB port! Ergonomic design. Replaceable tips. Easy-to-use!
If we reach goal I will be giving away a $5000 Custom Buildz computer to a donor at random.

This will be an EPIC GAMING MACHINE!!
PiCaseReOpened is a flexible, stylish and neat case for the Raspberry Pi and its official 7-inch display (or other computer displays)
ESP8266 dev board with WiFi, Arduino, USB, webserver, 32 Mbit flash, & add-on boards for Display, Relay, ADCs, SD slot. Only $20.
A light switch adapter that you can install yourself and operate using smart-phone!
Stimulate their brains with hands-on construction play. Connect the electronics, build the toy and bring it to life!
Stack USB rechargeable batteries together for power hungry projects or separate them for smaller projects with this modular system.
RETOX NOS1 is a super low cost oscilloscope made for taking electronic signal measurement.
An Affordable, Wireless, and Unique Touchpad for your current video gaming controllers. Simply more exciting way to play our games.
A watch that displays time, alarm and date information in binary with provision for setting and charging through USB
Reflow, dry, and cure with this PID oven controller. Use multiple sensors (K type, infrared thermos @ once). Graph and scroll + more!
Make your own light-up pop-up greeting cards with these educational kits. A fun way to learn simple circuitry and paper engineering!
Compatible with both Mac and Windows as well as smart devices MouseDrive is your secure on the go wireless cloud.
Electric /peddle power trike with a range of up to 60 miles per charge with lithium battery technologies.
IoT-Development made easy
UnoSWU - All in One: Intelligent power plug + open platform to start IoT with Thread, ESP8266, ATmega
Stack USB rechargeable batteries together for power hungry projects or separate them for smaller projects with this modular system.
Building a gaming PC.  Need funds! HALP!
The solderless electronic universal design tool for the last 10% of building your next project, from professionals to Maker/DIYs.
A solar USB charger for hiking and camping that you can modify any way you want. Optional 3350mAh USB battery regulates solar power.
WiCar is a DIY Wi-Fi controlled car that can be controlled by devices like iPhone, iPad over Wi-Fi.
Cool your kitchen with Free AC provided by your freezer. The cooling you get saves you money on your electric bill
We have created a Miraculous NO Water Change Sump System for Freshwater Aquariums, with Incredible Replenishing Minerals & Nutrients
U1 (Arduino-Compatible) with WiFi plug, Clock , EEPROM, SD, buzzer, NRF24 plug, LCD, RGB led, rotary encoder, buttons... 
 IoT ready.
Improved for over 700ºF and melts Lead-Free Solder! Lasts hours and recharges from a USB port! Lightweight, cordless, easy-to-use!
I believe we can establish a way to supplement electricity by the use of water. I have already started attempting this on my own.
A technology festival in 2017 in a rural, hybrid location within North Wales.
SPICE up you electronic project, add sensors, display, lights, memory, and more. Built for Arduino but I2C compatible.
A Father knows - Family first. So I am trying raise some money for a computer for me. If this is successful I will do this for others.
My Teddy Bear is a neural network powered toy that can talk to kids. Parents program what the toy says using a simple text file.
Repair guide that holds screws magnetically when you disassemble a device with detailed repairs labeled separately on the same guide.
A Kayewood Smartpak is a backpack with built in weight detecting technology communicating to students via their mobile device.
