Kink Kure is used to add support to a garden hose where a kink has formed.  It prevents the kink from restricting water flow.
Protect your hand and wrist from mouse and keyboard repetitive strain injury by using Arm-madillo.
DistractaGone offers a simple solution to smartphone distraction. Place up to 4 phones in the box and set a timer to lock them up.
GoDrive: A On-The-Go USB Micro SD Card Reader For Your Smartphones, Phablets, Tablets, PCs, Notebooks, and Smart Devices.
Flat Attack is a universal top up charge or on the go, phone charger, for when your phone has no juice or is dead flat with no power.
Fund our new tech SAFEKLIP nail clippers made of the HARDEST PLASTICS for salons, hospitals, prisons, airlines and YOU.Prototype photo.
Outsider is a wearable Bluetooth remote that is weatherproof and lets you easily control your music, calls & more -- even with gloves.
The Extend A Lens is relatively a pod that would extend the lens of any device equiped with a camera lens.
CoinGuard safeguards your personal valuables with a motion detection device that sends an alert to your smartphone when it is touched.
A 6 character module scrolling led display, controlled by an Android app using bluetooth as the connection method.
OLPRO are world renowned for high quality camping equipment. OLPRO Breeze is a range of 5 inflatable campervan awnings.
Our devices allow us to not only know where our pets are, but what they are doing, and what they are seeing.
The only smart ventilation system for your hot parked car. With your help today, we can make summer 2015 a little more comfortable.
"Let's Build A Supercomputer" is a project focused on building a supercomputer that is affordable and accessible to the public for free
This remote light switch turns on and off your bedroom lights. It works with any programmable TV remote programmed to the Sony TV code.
Design storage device for your own earphones. No more tangled cables, ensures they are always ready to use.
A great way to let people know you are there or need help with out the fire or mess. Light weight and easy to store. The Fire Fly
Wine or liquor beverage bottle chiller display that does not use water or ice. It can be customized for any business, decor or event.
World's First Electric Insertion Beach Umbrella!! Usb Smartphone Charger!!! No more stress on the beach, just relax yourself!
Qi Wireless charger for your iPhone and Apple Watch. Modular configurations to keep you charged at home, in the office, on the road.
NEO -  No batteries, no friction & no extra magnets - just cool & easy mountable Scandinavian design based on 100 % magnetic energy.
Treadmill or ergometer-bike becomes a game controller! Exercise meets gaming. For Linux, Windows, Mac OSX & Consoles.
The world's first olfactory alarm clock, invented to make your mornings happy thanks to your favorite scent!
The world's first fully modular keyboard. On the road or in the studio, Kombos Keyboards now allow you to bring music anywhere you go.
Droplet is a smart reminder that tracks important activities you don't want to forget.
World's first backup battery with fully retractable, 48" charging cable, so you'll always be prepared to recharge your phone or tablet!
The infinityPV HeLi-on charger allows you to carry a solar panel and battery in your pocket.
The Ultra-Sensitive Joystick for Tablets and Smartphones. Plugged onto the screen it supports all kinds of simulation & action games.
Wakē is a modern alarm clock that wakes you up with a personal sunrise and focused sounds - waking up each person in bed individually.
Play music with others live in sync remotely, record pro quality audio, broadcast video performances, teach/take online lessons & more!
A portable powerhouse unleashing the power of touch in Windows 7, 8 and 10. Great for Mac, Android and even iPad.
Listen to your pet. Connect with them. Understand your cat & dog's health. Felcana - a health ecosystem invented by vets & engineers
ZRRO's amazing hover and touch controller lets you play ALL 1M Android games and apps directly on your TV just like a huge tablet!
Qmote is an intuitive, single-button remote control which lets you perform actions on your phone, even when it’s out of reach.
Never run out of bat again w/ a 300%+ extra battery case that charges in just 15 minutes (the world's fastest charging battery case).
A small easy to store device that allows you to safely pass documents to the police in the event of a traffic stop.
Convenient & Powerful: The world's first smart meter for the shower promotes sustainable behaviour and helps you to conserve resources.
The unique gadget that gives you the ultimate 2D cinema experience using your smartphone! Just ~$54 + shipping (~$19) for earlybirds
The Paralenz Dive Camera is designed for divers and their needs.
Using patent-pending technology, ClutchIt takes a sleek and sexy approach to create the world's first anywhere magnetic phone holder!
Generate clean energy with the power of your body. Charge your smartphone, tablet and gadgets anytime and anywhere.
The simplest way to expand your iPhone storage. The easiest way to share and manage your files.
Tired of having burnt meat? Want to impress your friends and family with well made steak? We have something you can use in great design
AfterMaster TV is a revolutionary product that makes TV dialogue louder and clearer while making everything else sound fantastic.
The most affordable #SmartHome system offering you peace of mind, convenience, while saving time and energy.
Gone are the days of unplugging your 6-foot Apple Watch charger from behind your nightstand. And those with a dock?? Let it stay.
Add some romance to your life! Impress your friends with timeless beauty of the Firefle.
Designed expressly for smartphone front-facing cameras – PRISMO empowers you to be fully immersed in the moment
LIGHT STAX are LED bricks. Fully compatible with LEGO® and other brands. Light up your play and make your brick world come alive!
Stealth turns your body into a joystick letting you control fun mobile games with core training movements.
For many years,  model car racing was the #1 indoor hobby/sport. We are bringing it back with the best ever LifeLike Racing sets.
Tired of bottle openers that are awkward to use & fling the cap onto the floor? 1up is the last bottle opener you’ll ever need to buy.
Chrona is a sleep optimization system that turns any pillow into a smart pillow. Sleep better, without spending more time in bed.
Easily change which outlets in your house are controlled by your existing switches without WiFi or a smartphone app.
This classic-looking lantern uses the heat of your wood stove to light up your room, and charge your smartphone or tablet.
The MYB YOGABOARD is an Innovation in YOGA!
It has been designed with a curved balance effect, which re-invents practicing Yoga.
BLIPS is an ultra portable and very affordable set of mini lenses which turn your devices into photo digital microscopes in seconds!
Pre-order your ZENCRATE today through Kickstarter, and you’ll receive all items in the description. Help us end pet anxiety!
Find your misplaced keys or phone in seconds. Durable, long range, replaceable battery. With the Pebblebee® Finder - You cant lose!
The Safety Lens Advanced Driver Assistance System is designed to avoid collisions or accidents and offers alerts to potential problems.
Liam's handmade shoebox iPod/iPhone projector!
Change everything you know about your smartphone's camera! MAGcro gives you the power of macro!
Panoporter Camera gives you 24/7 live video chat, streaming, and recording in a 360 degree HD view that will amaze.  No monthly fees.
It is the first smart cable to connect smartphones to everything, giving your phone the capabilities of a computer.
Digital. Hackable. Arduino-powered.
Touch the Future of Security - iTouch ID
What if you receive $86,400 per day? How much is that in a lifetime?  WOLO Life Clock will help remind you that TIME is MONEY
PLAYBULB color is a smart color LED speaker light bulb with PLAYBULB X free App. Let color and music fill up your living space.
UnlimitedHand is the world's first video game controller with newly developed haptic feedback technology.
An elegant wooden wireless charger that works seamlessly together with an App, taking care of your daily smartphone routines.
WeKast is a super-fast, incredibly-easy, wireless device to enable you to present from your phone, to any screen, anywhere you want.
Following our campaign, a portion of each sale will go towards helping developing communities in Mexico
What's your time worth? What if we can save you 20 minutes a day, 2 hours a week, and 5 days a year! For $10 you can't go wrong!
Monitor temperature from your smart phone.
Measure and record room, fridge, cooler, camping tent, body temperature and much more.
SNAPSTYK™ is a slim, stylish, and durable cell phone case with a built-in Bluetooth enabled selfie stick. #NoMoreBulkySticks
It's pocket sized. Charges up to 2x faster. Protects your data. LiteWire is the fastest & safest compact dual charging cable available.
New era in bio effectiveness of colloidal silver
A cute plushie cat with smooth color-changing LED lights activated by motion and light sensors, perfect for lighting your way at night.
The NoPhone ZERO is a plastic rectangle that replaces the need for smart rectangle device interaction.
The world's first throwable, floating, electronic fish attractor that helps you catch more fish!
Great Ergonomic and performanc, 5200mAh battery. MFi compatible for iOS devices. NFC setup for Samsung phone. Works with official games
Protect your Apple Lightning cable with the CableCast! With an elegant design, you'll be able to prolong the life of your cable!
BAT-SAFE is an easy to use device that ensures your safety while charging and storing LiPo batteries. And it really works!
Ridiculously awesome LED spinning toy with 23 Colors, 10 modes, brightness control, and memory. Complete with batteries and handles.
A time machine? So fast it'll help you MAKE TIM3 in the kitchen. Cooks rice, yogurt, quinoa and oatmeal- slow cooks and steams food.
PLAYBULB rainbow is a Stylish, Smart & Money Saving color LED Light Bulb with Mobile App Control. Paint a rainbow at your home.
Disasters can make drinking water toxic. Water Wasp delivers robust Developing Nations technology to help you prepare for anything.
Hack your body's natural sleep biorhythms with intelligent bed cooling & warming - wake up more refreshed & obsolete the alarm clock
This shower smartphone holder lets you use ANY smartphone in the shower, pool, hot-tub, beach or wherever it needs to stay dry. Yes!!!
Strongest iPhone/Android Cable Made, 6 Ft, Steel Encased, Nylon Braided, MFI Certified iPhone Cable. Backed with a Lifetime Warranty.
A looped elastic strap with different sized pockets to keep your favourite items organised. Fit it to your journal, iPad or tablet.
The NoPhone is a technology-free alternative to constant hand-to-phone contact that allows you to stay connected with the real world.
Watch Netflix in China, Hulu in Europe, HBO in Brazil
The iCamera KEEP Pro from iSmartAlarm is the most advanced DIY smart home security camera in the world, and works with Alexa and IFTTT
LAZER PULSE - The World's Most Powerful Electric Scooters. Affordable, Fast, Safe, eScooter with Style. Lithium Battery, Waterproof
SUNO WALLET saves you when you run out of juice! If you routinely need to charge your cellphone this wallet is right up your alley!
Convert your Mobile phone or tablet into a holographic reflector! Light weight and fun office toy or awesome gift!
The first & only wireless charging case for the iPhone that’s compatible with every type of charger - Enjoy the freedom to take charge!
Clamp Hero is the tablet, smartphone and ereader holder for your travel on an airplane, train or coach. A stand for multiple uses.
The INTELLI-CHARGE is the Most Versatile and Intelligent Universal Mobile Device Charging Cable in the World.
The PocketLab is a wireless sensor that EMPOWERS you to gather data about the real world and visualize it on your device in real time.
Customize the aroma of any space from a smartphone + a multi-colored smart nightlight that you control.
This Arduino Shield supports motion detection AND wireless infra-red communication between an IR remote control and your Arduino!
The Lil Trucker™ is the ultimate multi-tool that kicks ass and takes names, making it the ideal addition to any kit or car around.
BRIGHT SAFETY LIGHTS for wheelchairs, strollers, bicycles, and more!
Get hands free access to your building, enjoy unattended deliveries or go completely keyless in combination with any smart lock.
I LOCK IT is a fully automatic smart bike lock that combines security with comfort. With I LOCK IT your bike will always be secured.
Make your own delicious craft cider at home from fresh fruit. Explore creative flavor combos with your friends and family.
BlinkyTape is a flexible and portable LED strip with 60 pixels and integrated BlinkyBoard USB-programmable light processor.
Clap your hands and Boogie Dice will start to roll by themselves like magic!
Wireless charging for Android and Windows phones with Qi capablity (see FAQ) + now for iPhone 5/5s with the fastest Qi enabling case!
Hookpods catch fish, not birds. There's no ocean waste and fishermen save money.
The Lume Cube is a revolutionary little light. 1,500 Lumens Powerful in a 1.5"cube. Works with iPhone, Android and GoPro or any Camera
Tangeez are light-up building blocks that change color as you stack them.  Create spectrums of color that change as you rearrange.
BatteryBot is the world's 1st & only character-based rechargeable backup battery for smartphones, tablets & mobile devices, by Mimoco!
From a wild hurricane hitting your town, to a wild party in nature  - KaliPAK is all the power you need when there's no power around
The super comfy pillow that plays your music, monitors and reacts to your snoring, analyzes your sleep and intelligently wakes you up.
With PLAYBULB X free App, PLAYBULB candle is a smart LED candle light that liberates our imagination over colors.
Bruno's integrated vacuum feature delivers floor sweepings directly into the trash can. Simply sweep and Bruno takes care of the rest.
6 Watt flexible solar system with less than 200 grams + 6000mAh power bank. Support us now and don't think about empty batteries again.
AWAKEN diagnosis your car, alerts emergency services in the case of an accident, notify you and tracks your car during a theft.
Charge your iPhone battery 100% in 2 hours of sun light.
It also charges gopro, external battery, flash light and many other devices.
SOTA is a modern, contemporary object your home can't miss! Sofa arm table with a phone stand to get 100% satisfaction from your relax!
Simple and elegant magnetic privacy shield for desktops, laptops, mobile phones and tablets.
S Key-The 6 in 1 key that works as magnetic stick, cell phone stand, SIM card case, SIM card pin, Opener and glow in dark key chain.
Never run out of storage or battery again with our revolutionary new phone case! Plus we're giving you back the audio jack on iPhone 7
The world’s only Apple Watch companion that is a dock, powerbank, cable organizer and protective case all rolled into one.
Design Products believes in the Unification of the arts and technology.
A compact waterproof USB solar panel to charge in any condition.  Highest rated waterproof solar panel on the market.
Restaurant communication: Bridging the gap between guests and waiters. Together we can change our restaurant experience forever.
Introducing the world's first intelligent video game controller that analyzes your every move to help you become a better gamer.
The ultimate mug. Keeps your drink at the ideal temperature. Fine bone china, completely automatic and dishwasher proof
Add touch switch to any USB devices:Arduino, Rasberry PI, USB bulb/lights, lamps, USB headphone, USB drive, USB mouse,keyboard and more
The patented all-in-one design is the best product available. If you have a baby, why wouldn't you baby proof Perfectly?!?
SUPER FAST charging ON THE WALL and ON THE GO. Charge your phones and tablets at the same time with TWO USB ports.
It is a cube, which measures temperature and humidity level. Read and analyze the figures straight on your smartphone.
Add some romance to your life! Impress your friends with timeless beauty of the Firefle.
HOLO Cardboard - a mixed reality device for Anime Figures, Accessories, Furnishings and Playthings
The Holapex hologram reflectors are Top Quality and High definition Hologram Pyramid for Smartphones/IPhones and Tablet/IPad.
DreamMe allows you to see the time and a lot of other information from your smartphone right on the ceiling of your sleeping room.
EyeChamp instantly converts your phone into a macro camera
Turn your phone or tablet into a precise non-contact thermometer
No slots, so no limits. Artificial intelligence & customisable track. Like real life video game racing. Thrills & spills in any space!
EC1 the world's first affordable versatile 2 in 1 carbon fiber bicycle / ebike for the avid cyclist and commuter alike.
The Janus Top spins on its bottom AND its top. Metal spindle and ring, combined with ceramic or ruby tips, make this top a keeper.
The second story-line is visible only when the book is illuminated with a blue LED.  Perfect for reading under the covers!
The world's first toilet night light is back with a NEW never-fall arm, dimmer & more colors! Comes with a Lifetime Guarantee!
Put a printWiFi in your pocket & print securely from your iOS or Android device to an existing local printer "Wherever You Are"!
MEEM automatically backs up your phone every time you charge. So part of your daily routine with no third party access to your data.
Future Proof your home with B.One Smart HUB
iSkelter is revolutionizing home furniture. Experience an easier way of living - now in the comfort of your home.
The eClipse is a portable solar USB charger that can power multiple devices at once – both during the day and during the night.
“FIRST EVER EXPRESS CHARGING CABLE INTEGRATED FLASH DRIVE" Patent Pended High-speed Charging and Data Back-up Solution.
A simple to use USB-DMX lighting interface that works with free software allowing you to easily control DMX lighting systems
There are thousands of different masuring cups around the world, But no one is transforming itself to get all functions in one piece.
Sick of usernames and passwords? Worried about the Heartbleed Bug and Online Security in General? Just TAP to sign-in Instead.
A Crystal Clear and Ultra Sharp Smartphone & Tablet Hologram Projection Reflector.  The Best Home-Hologram Device Yet!
A computer vision thermal imager lets you see in the dark and diagnose problems in your building or anywhere temperatures are important
The LightMan is a complete redesign of what a flashlight can be. A perfect illumination tool, and a must-have gadget.
The first mountable and versatile smart phone handle for action sports and adventure shooting.
Thinking Cleaner is an add-on for your iRobot® Roomba® 500/600 or 700/800 that makes it smarter and aware of its owner.
The World's Cheapest Sat Nav GPS has arrived.  The Naverick 2000 is made with lasers and powered by kinetic energy.
"DIESELGATE" the VW Diesel Engine Emissions Problem, "POSSIBLY" Fixed with ECONIZER Technology & IMPROVING Fuel Economy & Performance
Donate to Creative Turntable and help take L.E.D. Slipmats to the next level!
iPet Companion connects you remotely with your pets at home, so you can view, play, and care for them...from anywhere.
The Smart Phone cradle with integrated compact windows 10 PC.
Experience digital immortality, share your stories and interact with future generations. Your legacy for centuries to come.
Blipper Bands are affordable GPS bands that are stacked full of features!
Ever scratch your head and say, "where's my wallet, where's my keys?" Wouldn't you like to have a device that can track you stuff?
Mikes Vertical Grill - Revolutionizing the American Tailgate Experience
The Virtual Reality Headset is coming and soon it will be frenzy. This is my version called Poor Man's Virtual Reality Headset.
jamLift is a pneumatic lifting device to assist users to quickly and safely return to their pre-fallen state.
Enjoy hands-free seatback entertainment while you travel with this all-in-one pocket sized tablet & smartphone mount.
FanMaid cleans ceiling fans great! It's an efficient quick ceiling fan cleaner.  I'm sharing this with the world.  Get your's today!
Lavaclip is a Coffee Warmer that'll keep your Beverage at Optimal Drinking Temperature! It is Wireless, Rechargeable, & Super Light!
New simple-to-use paint can sealer securely closes gallon & quart size paint cans, stores an opener key & is unique in the market!
Save time with a Bathroom Mirror Defogger, instead of using your Blow Dyer to defog your mirror, after your shower or bath.
Simple water purification for developing nations, disaster relief, home, outdoors, and travel.
KIWI BOX is a universal charging station with only one power cable that charges up to 6 devices. A single device for all phones/tablets
Know where you are, and in what direction you are facing when immersed in virtual reality. Improves safety and VR experience.
Charge your gear anywhere!  A 2-in-1 solar lantern and phone charger that packs down to 1" thick. Portable power and light on the go!
Growler Chill is a household countertap for growlers. Preserves freshness, purges oxygen and keeps your delicious craft beer cold!
Pocket size solar power charger for easy carry | Durable ETFE coating | Deep embossing surface craft | Intelligent voltage regulator
Raybaby constantly monitors your child’s breathing and sleeping even when asleep or obstructed, and keeps you alerted via a custom app.
Flavour is the world’s first scented and flavored water bottle that makes plain water taste similar to soda or juice.
The world's thinnest, most ergonomic and seamless mechanical webcam privacy cover.
Privacy, security and peace of mind you deserve.
Pixelvar is APP controlled handheld LED POV display. Wave it to see your image in mid air! For players and party.
Smart USB cable with auto stop safety against Overheating, Power Overload and Current Surge. And mAh meter checks power bank's spec.
▲ ONE CARD TO RULE THEM ALL ▬▬▬ perfect for developers ▬▬▬
►MIFARE DESFire ►CardOS ►magnetic stripe ►unique serial number ►hologram
The EZ-Trieve Diver is an offshore diving lure with a built-in device that combines a planer and a diver into one, easy to fish lure.
The revolutionary charging cable designed specifically to prevent THEFT and UNAUTHORISED use.
A smartphone gadget that frees you from cables & keeps you charged; including security o-ring & adjustable kickstand for watching media
Test UV product claims, check sunscreen application and track sun damage invisible to the naked eye. See Smart - Be Smart
Is your gate or garage door open or closed?  This will transmit up to one mile away: encrypted and wireless.  A Green LED means closed!
This is Luxafor, a productivity tool that reduces interruptions, shows notifications and makes it easy to stay focused on your tasks.
Ever wasted precious time or had that sinking feeling when you lost something imp.? 
Meet Jeff in our video who had once lost it all.
The one and only - Easy to inflate, comfortable, durable, colorful, well shaped and easy to carry!
Expertly managing meds with App using Bluetooth-connected smart pillbox.
A new security for your phone !
This tool is perfect for a daily use. In the public transport or even in your bed
Flexy Paw, the first all in one selfie or portrait for dogs, cats, and MORE
Perbeat is a sleek Mini Bluetooth Audio Receiver,it streams audio wirelessly from your devices to speakers AUX in via Bluetooth.
Expanding production of the Predator Fly Tying Vise, the most innovative, exciting vise on the market & accessories thereto.
The Ultimate, Cheapest Custom Lightsaber with a huge range of customization. Vibrant RGB Colors with Rich Sound Effects. Amazing Price.
It can be used in aerial as well as ground videos/pics, streams live footage to your smartphones.
Global 4G LTE Hotspot.  Securely connect up to 5 devices. Coverage in 100+ countries. Unlimited data for your phone, laptop or tablet.
MiniMojo, The electronic gadget that every fridge should have. Your personal little mentor.
Turn real speakers into amazing bluetooth stereo speakers w/ Ekko! Play louder, higher quality music through better speakers, anywhere.
Imagine yourself with a co-pilot that besides monitor your car actitvity in real time also can manipulate electrical functions.
The ultimate portable table that you can bring with you to any game, any SpoT.
From healthier hydration habits with the whole family with our hydration management features.
The feature voted on by you!  Scroll through pages based on  your eye movement and stick the phone to the wall to be hands free.
ActiKitty is designed for cats, by cat lovers. Our small ball senses your cat coming and vibrates to alert their cat like reflexes.
A revolution in audio communications. The surround sound card (for the Raspberry Pi) which seemed impossible, but now it is done !
magnetic window cleaner,you can stand outside your car and clean the windows inside and out at the same.a real time saver
Helps hard of hearing and deaf people communicate.
Perfect for traveling musicians! This Innovative guitar stand self-assembles to full size yet packs down to 7" X 3" X 3".
SelfieFeet attaches to your shoe and allows users to snap the perfect picture with the help of a remote control.
A versatile smartphone holder that allows you to watch videos, participate in video calls etc. and on top works as a reading aid!
Xpuff eliminates wind, scratch and impact noises from your phone conversations. Bid farewell to can you hear me’s!
Pawsout is preventing obesity by getting our community active, outside and walking dogs while earning money.
The thinnest organizer for your Micro SD cards and SIM cards. Perfect size for travelers, photographers, and everyone's wallet
Das erste Smartphone Case mit zwei Seiten. Wähle ein Motiv und stülpe bei Bedarf einfach um. Ganz nach Deinem aktuellen Befinden.
70 items inside to cover all major emergencies. Engineered by travelers, doctors, soldiers, rescue and survival experts.
Get up easily with the HoloClock, which combines beautiful design with futuristic technology.
I want to make the "golive" of today's social networking easy and hands free !
3X even 10X Super-Fast Charging with Special Safe Design: 100% Shut off Backdoor During Charing.
The first sports bottle of its kind that utilizes magnetic technology to satisfy all of your mixing needs.
Dride will enhance every aspect of your driving. protect you from dangerous distractions, and build a community around driving safely.
Take control of your environment from multinationals. Make soap exactly the way you want. No chemicals. 3 minutes. (Soapy McSoap Face)
Divide Your Ride® is THE backseat divider ensuring peace and personal space for back seat passengers!
The LineBuddy is used for deploying / retrieving the line from a safety float to a scuba diver in a safe and hands free efficient maner
Give your teeth the best clean possible. Get new brush heads every 3 months automatically!
The new VOLTA magnetic charger is made of strong, tangle-free military grade protection materials
A convenient solution for what to do with trash in your car. Stows into the removable bag that can be easily emptied and cleaned.
It's cool device to live video & talk to dog anytime by 4G technology! GPS see dog anywhere! Record & share dog's video to social media
Raise and lower the toilet seat without touching the inside of the seat. Made in USA with hi-quality material using high-bond adhesive.
The New Definition of Courage.
Trilobi Magnetic : The World's First 3 in 1 Common Tip MAG Cable for all Devices. iPhone, Android and Phone to Phone charging.
Want to keep a nice healthy tan all winter but don't want to use harmful tanning beds? Here is the solution! Comes with remote start
Bringing Strength, Durability & Privacy To Your Mobile Device.  Tempered Glass; We've Redesigned It...again
Charge furniture, making it simple and comfortable to charge your USB devices without leaving the comfort of your couch or armchair
Finally! Electrical Wiring Testing Made Easy...  Designed by a Professional for Professionals, Homeowners and DIYs, Too!
Tibio is a revolutionary new product designed to solve an age old problem.
The "ZoZo Skeleton Hand Planchette" is a fully functional "ouija board" planchette (pointer) but is significantly more hair-raising.
The picture above is of our current prototype for the cat bath - we hope to move beyond a simple bin and create a cat bath revolution!
The Paint Can Holder Makes Painting Easier and Safer on Extension Ladders.
Let's build a legendary brand altogether
Repel Japanese beetles and garden pests. Grow organic fruit and vegetables to help the environment, one plant at a time.
Use preprogrammed firmware or program your own with AVR-ISP or Arduino ISP.  Device is based on the Atmel ATtiny13A microcontroller.
A new concept in bike light safety, protecting cyclists from being hit in the side. Bright, amber sideways.
AMSCAPS are caps that measure any liquid you can imagine and they measure the liquid for you with complete accuracy!
The SmartCap is a device whose purpose is to save you time, improve your health and quantify your liquid consumption.
The world's first headlight, taillight, and cable lock, in one. Never buy another set of bike lights again.
Open source WiFi Earthquake Early Warning device kit for the home, using the University of British Columbia EEWS network.
Nosebone attaches your GoPro to the nose of your surfboard or SUP, giving a much cooler view than a standard action cam mount.
Solocharg is a slick, lightweight, and powerful charger that harvests energy from the sun to keep your electronic gadgets running.
Say goodbye to messy wires and slow wireless chargers... introducing the Autodock.  The fast and easy way to charge your phone.
The revolutionary pet accessory that gives your dog a voice.
SleeKeys: the incredible iPad keyboard that uses no electricity and no Bluetooth connection!
USB AM/FM/Shortwave radio that turns your PC or Laptop into a sophisticated  multiband radio receiver without spending a lot of money.
"iFndr" is unique in all the world in its ability to protect users from walking into an ambush when retrieving their stolen device.
The world's first handheld device to measure both wind speed and direction. iPhone & Android. Crowdsourced live map, history and more!
Compact portable solar power kit. A single day of sunlight is enough for multiple phone charges or an entire week of light.
What happens when someone knocks on your door and you don't answer it? With Peeple, you'll know. It's caller ID for your door!
The fastest charging portable battery pack. In just 5 minutes, you get enough juice to fully charge an iPhone 5 on-the-go!
On-ear headphones built for mobile lifestyles with durable construction, efficient engineering and wireless connectivity.
Awesome car computer. Better mileage. Lower emissions.
A beautiful device that improves your driving.
Communicate without cell, wifi & satellites using your existing smartphone. Relay messages through other users to extend range!
A revolutionary way to show all of your devices together on one display in 1080p/60 with no lag — just plug, play and play.
This is not just another cat toy. Shru is a cat companion. It mimics and responds like a living animal.
Improving the Old Masters' Secret Tool to Draw and Paint from Life, Photos or Make Large-Scale Art with Your iPhone or Smartphone!
Plug in your phone, snap a picture, and get a printed photo in seconds. Then watch your photos come to life through augmented reality!
Help us to redesign the Alpine Hammock to avoid a patent lawsuit and keep it out on adventures!
AirBeam is a wearable air monitor that maps, graphs & crowdsources your pollution exposures in real-time.
A high quality open-source photo printer that seamlessly interfaces with smartphones. No wires. No apps. Just beautiful images.
The user friendly media player with internal storage and a Raspberry Pi heart. Load it with anything, use it anywhere.
Meld upgrades your existing cookware and stove with automatic temperature control so every meal is perfect
The smart projector that assists you in your daily activities, controlled with your smartphone or tablet. Screw it in and have fun!
The smart frying pan of the future. Now anyone can cook delicious meals perfectly. The secret ingredient is temperature control.
An interactive LED based display for retro pixel art. Use your Android device to change the image or animation.
A paper USB business card with full analytics and remote access. Meet the new standard for premium business cards.
Game Frame is a grid of 256 ultra-bright LED pixels, perfect for showcasing pixel art and old school video game graphics.
The ultimate learning kit to spark kids’ interest in engineering, science, and the natural world: Power stuff with mud!
The KDJ-ONE is a handheld all-in-one music production device for beginners and professionals alike.
A sustainable fuel free, clean energy, 0 emissions way of cooking that is great for your backyard, camping, emergencies, and fun!
Fancy yourself a ghost hunter? Mr.Ghost plugs directly into your mic port to detect electromagnetic radiation sources.
A multi-functional touch-free Smart Controller, Bixi senses your in-air gestures and commands your devices for a distraction-free use!
Bagel is a digital tape measure that helps you measure, organize, and analyze any size measurements in a smart way.
Wynd monitors and cleans the air as needed. It’s portable, so you can breathe easy wherever you go.
Grow anything from a herb garden to a rainforest! Controls temperature, light, humidity, ventilation and rainfall. Automatically!
Your alarm clock is now a personal assistant. By learning about your agenda and hobbies, Bonjour helps make the most of each day.
SmartHalo is a smart biking system that lets you focus on what matters the most - the road.
Hot brew, strong brew and cold brew your favourite tea to perfection every time!
The GoBone keeps your dog active while you're away and opens up a whole new world of play when you're together.
The Smart Nixie Tube is the first expandable Nixie Tube display with built-in Arduino Uno compatible hardware.
One remote for all your devices, free of all those buttons you never use. Turns rotation and touch into commands.
Gryphon is an AI based WiFi router that protects your children and all your devices online with a simple to use smartphone app
If you're a Gamer, Designer or a Power User, The Z will let you interact with your computer in a faster, more precise & intuitive way.
The world’s first model car that performs with the same driving dynamics as a real racing car. Controlled with your smartphone.
Knocki is a smart device that gives you control of your favorite functions through the surfaces around you.
Students need to release extra energy when they work quietly at their desks. Bouncy Bands help them move and become active learners!
Much more than just a cutting board: The Frankfurter Brett is a new way of cooking. And it can hold your iPad.
A music frequency responsive LED light show that follows the beat in a unique new way.
A universal vehicle accessory turning your smartphone into a head-up display (HUD) for any car
Be heard, be seen, be secure, find your way with Shoka Bell, the ultimate bicycle bell.
The Trickstick is a unique, high res, handheld LED POV display. Wave it and a colorful, detailed image appears in thin air – Magic!
Findster Duo tracks your pets’ location using GPS with no data fees, and rewards you for keeping them healthy! Smart. Connected. Fun.
Join the movement to crowdsource demand for solar energy, just by plugging in.
Mstick is multi-functional smart LED stick light operated with modular app.
HAIZE guides you on your journey. It makes your ride simpler, safer and gives you freedom to explore along the way.
Tired of sleeping through your alarm? Do you just hit the snooze button over and over again? Ramos is here to help!
Make an e-bike out of your bike within seconds! The go-e ONwheel is a lightweight and powerful plug&play add on motor for your bike.
Sound waves convert the beer’s carbonation into densely compacted, uniform Micro-Foam™ bubbles unlocking that fresh-from-the-tap taste.
Bring that "Sweet Tube Sound" to the Raspberry Pi!
Photograph in 3D using this simple and easy to use attachment for your smartphone or tablet.
Solar-powered energy saving device that adjusts window blinds based on sunlight, temperature, or schedule you set in the app
Raising money to produce a tank-tough and simple analog guitar headphone practice amplifier.
Matchstick, the first HDMI stick based on Firefox OS, is the best way to experience your favorite movies, music, and games on your HDTV
Create custom and modular robots capable of anything that are designed & controlled directly from your smartphone
With a rugged walkie-talkie, flashlight, GPS, bluetooth, and USB backup battery, the Fogo is the Ultimate Adventure Gadget!
SPUD is a high resolution 24-inch screen that collapses & expands like an umbrella. Easily connect devices for videos or work anywhere!
Meet the stylus that works like the pencil you grew up with. Flip has the features of an active stylus without Bluetooth or batteries!
The AP40 is a Bluetooth controller inspired by Apple's original retro logo. It is compatible with iOS / Android, PC, Mac and more.
World's first solar charger that can be placed inside your note or  planner. It is a paper thin and ultra light weight solar charger
Meet DrinkMate, the tiny breathalyzer that plugs into your phone!
Tiny Arcade – A Retro Tiny Playable Game Cabinet
The wearable that turns air guitar into wear guitar and your moves into music. AirJamz gives everyone the feeling of being musical.
Advanced Open Source Gamma and X-Ray radiation detector with a digital display and SD card data-logging
Annoyed by messy and dirty cutting boards and cluttered worktops? The FRANKFURTER BRETT is the solution. For everything.
Innovative and sustainable home decor lighting solution where creativity and lighting fuse into one with your personalized touch.
Two Wi-Fi pet cameras that let you care for your pets remotely 24/7. One to treat and reward, the other for play and exercise.
Sidekick is the perfect companion light for GoPro cameras. It is the smallest, lightest and most powerful light to mount with a GoPro.
COBI is the smartest way to upgrade your bike – making every ride more rewarding and more fun.
Need more power? Z-Charge is a neat bedside solution that can charge and store up to six devices.
Micro-USB rechargeable tactical flashlight with 3400mAh USB battery backup. Charges Android & iPhone. Bike & weapon mountable.
Gestor is a cool looking air mouse with touch ring buttons. If you rotate it in your hands, it scrolls the content on your screen!
Decadent Minimalist One: The best minimalist, precision crafted wallet – now available in Nickel, Titanium or Carbon Fiber
See Sense ICON is an industry-leading cycle light that connects you to a world of innovative features through your smartphone.
Learns about your habits & home environment. Auto adjusts AC for ideal temperature & energy savings. Remote access via Android/iPhone.
Be ready for power outages. Instant, reliable, indoor USB power using just a candle and water - stay charged and connected.
Works on virtually all your horizontal curtains. Two-minute easy installation. Imagine waking up with natural light, and so much more!
Introducing world's first SMART WALLET with Fingerprint access and Smartphone connectivity. Never lose or misplace your Wallet again!
Have fun monitoring your plant's soil moisture, temperature & light requirements with this $16 gadget on your cell phone!
You can quick charge and hold your iPhone 6/6s in just one simple action, it's safety conscious and perfect for driving.
Multiple RFID key cards & key fobs can be stored and accessed from one device for the first time.
Makes your smartphone's LED light useful. Turns your phone into a tight-focused flashlight, to see better and farther in total darkness
Turn your phone into a speed radar, record your baseball pitching speed and videos, analyze results, and share talent with the world.
The World's Smart Standing Desk Ever. Dual Lift system and Bluetooth connectivity help you create the perfect sit-stand workstation.
Our mission is to support race fans, drivers, teams, and gearheads with advanced technology. Enter the Legend. Get yours early!
The AnyCafé Travel Brewer™ is a coffee maker combined with a travel mug that let's you brew coffee anytime and anywhere.
The Firefly Communicator allows users to mimic the light patterns of fireflies, attracting them with the push of a button.
The Most Ultimate Synchronized UV LED flash light. Make invisible, visible.
It’s a 3D printing pen, precision solder, burner and cutter all in one!
Our vision is to change the way you think about tools.
Creating a remarkable bath towel. Meticulous design, exceptional materials with Japanese craftsmanship.
Capture extraordinary photos on your smartphone with the world's first professional Xenon flash for iPhone.
New plug-and-play car converter cable. Connecting your Android phone to the car stereo for music, controls and text display! #wirelinq
Waterproof AMPhibious bluetooth smart headphones, 8GB mp3/FM music player, all in one, sweat and swim to music in and out of the water!
The world's first complete swing and footwork analyzer for golf using four sensors for 4x accuracy.
HidnSeek est un petit tracker GPS intelligent. HidnSeek is a tiny and smart GPS Tracker to help you locate just about anything !
Key 2ool = Fluorescence key ring + 32 GB USB + 7 in 1 tool
E-bikes have evolved. And this one's awesome!
The first and only Intelligent power bank to charge all latest tech like MacBook. Supports USB-C & all laptops. Best camping experience
With Kiwi Plug connected to the audio jack, your smartphone becomes a universal remote
This is not the first smart lock for your luggage.
This is the first true lock for your luggage.
its magnetic, no more switches no more heavy & bulky look, rechargeable, stylish and versatile.
Make wired headphones wireless. Plug in pure wireless hifi sound. Make hands free phone calls, Siri, Google Now, Skype. Looks great.
MPPT & Auto-Restart Technology| High Efficiency Solar Cells |  ETFE Lamination with high transmittance| Portable USB Solar Charger
Turn any EVSE into a smart charging station, enjoy world-class smartphone / web interfaces, and charge your EV using clean energy
The world’s most advanced meat thermometer delivers cooking perfection and mobile notifications.
MagSafe is back: A Magnetic Power Connector for all USB-C laptops including MacBook, Chromebook, Google Pixel and most smartphones.
The perfect fit for EDC, medical, survivalist, veterinarians, utility,  or favorite hobby - OPS III (Operating Pocket Scalpel knife).
Trainer in a box.
The Smallest, Loudest, Smartest Motorcycle & Scooter Horn Available. Dual volumes provide Friendly / Angry modes
A simple accessory that attaches to the end of any long stick on the course and allows you to hook and retrieve your disc from water.
Connect your iPhone, iPad and Mac to any other device wirelessly. DoBox gives you the freedom of full connectivity.
TrapTap is a legal and simple device that you put anywhere in your car to be warned of speed traps, school zones, & red light cameras.
The Gululu Interactive Bottle gives life to virtual pets to help kids drink water, and informs parents through a cloud-based app.
Bring Strength, Durability & Privacy To Your Mobile Device. Tempered Glass; We've Redesigned It.
Turn your dull, unproductive meetings into energy-charged collaborative sessions that foster collective creativity.
Dazzle your friends and guests with a personalized home light show. Browse popular patterns or build your own from scratch!
The cutting-edge OLED technology-based lamp for outdoor activities & everyday living that's energy efficient and does not attract bugs!
The Thimble Slide guitar slide allows the wearer to slide when they want -- yet still fret the strings when they need to!
CampMaid's Charcoal Chimney is the HOT new award winning addition to the CampMaid Grab-and-Go Complete Outdoor Cooking System!
The Savior, the world's first complete waterproof solar charger for action athletes who depend on their tech while out of bounds.
VAULTCARD™ is your pocket-sized protection against RFID fraud, shielding credit and debit cards to keep personal data safe.
Fashion Meets Technology. Crafted with Italian leather, Looper keeps your valuables in check with Bluetooth tracker technology.
World's first portable pullup and dip bar for your outdoor & indoor Freeletics, Calisthenics and other fitness workouts!
Back the Naked Case™ & NEVER WORRY about scratching your  iPhone 7 body and screen again. Now available for ANY iPhone 7/7+.
mojoe™ is a travel mug-sized portable coffee maker that brews fresh coffee and tea on the go via car, wall, or rechargeable battery.
Tracking & managing asthma is about to change forever with this gadget + app. We say, "Goodbye paper charts, Hello Smart Peak Flow!"
GoTouch is portable, easy-to-use, and instantly turns any TV or projector into a giant interactive whiteboard you can write or draw on.
Are your "grown up" toys clean?  Really clean?  Before you answer that - watch our video.  UVee is the ONLY way to truly sanitize toys.
Fry up burgers, bacon, or anything else, without splatter or spills. You'll like cooking more when the mess is less.
An automotive accessory that transforms the smartphone you already own into a portable head-up-display
ROBORanger is a tiny gadget that can save your life. A blaring 130-decibel alarm equipped with professional 911 response.
A compact, high performance remote control system for LEGO® models. Embedded battery, precise servo control and awesome power.
Airplane travelers, stop trying to figure out where to hang your tablet while sitting on the plane. Sit back & relax with the Atlas
The world’s first virtual laser projection multilingual keyboard, virtual piano, and portable charger. All Together.
Two next gen all-metal modular Keyports + Bluetooth low energy locator & pocketknife add-ons + KeyportID online lost & found program
Add an invisible back button to iPhone &Help one-hand operation. NEW gen with improved performance. Redesigned for iPhone 6&7 series.
With the all-new portable and versatile Keyring you can wirelessly charge any smartphone and portable tech gadget, at home or on the go
10x Super-Speed Transfer and 2x Fast Charging with a Single Magnetic USB 3.0 Cable for ALL devices, means an END of Multiple Cables.
Cold War era technology meets modern electronics in a handcrafted wooden enclosure in the coolest gizmo ever.
BLE sensors / controllers that run on a coin cell for years, no programming required and connect to the cloud via a BLE to WiFi router
The first ever, an easy and intuitive way to find out the quality of USB cables & chargers in a glance, especially for non-tech people.
Sand, snow or streets, the All Terrain is ready for fun. Choose a 500 watt or 750 watt rear hub motor with high quality components.
Patented, beautifully designed crank flashlight and power source, capable of driving low power wearables, lights, phones, etc.
1/67 scale phone controlled car with precision proportional steering and interchangeable shells and wheels! Multi-functional Lights!
Ryptide is a life saving drone accessory that can deliver an automatically inflating life preserver to a swimmer in trouble in seconds.
V1 is the first electric nail clipper applied with the innovative blades, it is safe and convenient, let V1 take care of your nails!
The world’s first battery-powered WiFi IoT sensor that requires no cloud storage or mobile app.
The Cloudylight is a interactive lamp with a build-in audio system that has many features, you can control the cloud by app or remote.
A new way to stay connected with news, moodLight emits a twirl of color based on the emotions of the online world!
A device which mimics finger touching a capacitive touchscreen. Interact on its own and works on most mobile devices on the market!
A Wi-Fi speaker to directly stream online music. Intuitive control with touch & motion. Simultaneous listen with friends anywhere.
DISPLIO is a small highly customizable WiFi display that tracks and notifies you on everything that is important to you.
Blinkers is an integral safety solution for urban cyclists. We want to make cycling safe with a next generation bike light set.
The XPlorerBoard Student gives anyone the ability to quickly learn electronics & programming using hardware + iPad/Android applications
Programmable, battery-free wireless doorbell with an energy harvesting switch that operates wirelessly, without a battery.
A smart paper-and-pen notebook that's endlessly reusable?
That's not magic. It's the Rocketbook Everlast.
What if you can play golf anytime anywhere? Tittle X Golf Simulator TruGolf Edition makes life-like sim golf accessible to everyone.
Never have your phone die on you again! With a 4,000 mAh battery bank built into our wallet, it is the perfect everyday carry solution.
Maximum speed of 30 mph or 45 Km/h for 35 - 60 miles, conquer any hill. Real 250W, 500W, 749W and 999W power versions .
The ONLY Affordable Sound Bar Alternative.
Nixie tubes. Steampunk. Levitation.

Presenting the world's first - and only - gravity-defying nixie clock.
Plan V has you covered when everything else has let you down.
With remotely controlled rovers we'll give online helpers the tools to have great fun while helping the threatened desert tortoise.
It will CHANGE your LIFE.  Make a PBJ with the PBJife and you'll have clean hands, a clean jar, and only dirty one dish.
Re-invent the food cycle with us. We have a new way to convert food waste within your community into fertilizer & renewable fuel.
WatchAir, smart antenna, lets you watch/record local live TV on phones, tablets, and streaming boxes/sticks. No wire. No monthly fee.
Sound, Durability, Functionality  Reengineered from the ground up creating an experience unattainable until now...EARBUDS REINVENTED
Shake to test, twist to filter: A Smart Bottle that helps you to get rid of contaminants
Learn why you need EASEL in your life. Experience wrist and neck comfort while keeping your laptop cool. Made for anyone with a laptop.
Triple Action Pump  is an ElectroAssist Hand Pump for all your favorite water toys | Kiteboard, PaddleBoard &  Inflatables
A/STAND - 2lbs holds over 60!  Work/Play/Rest : The Solution Station - For anyone anywhere
An ultra-slim trackable wallet that provides instant card access at the click of a button. Never lose your wallet or phone again!
Immediately Heighten Your iPad Pro and Surface Pro Experience. The Essential Accessory for Professionals, Creatives, and Students.
Flosstime is the world's first smart floss dispenser that will help you build daily flossing habits.
Noke: End the frustration of losing keys and forgetting combinations forever. Noke is the world's first bluetooth padlock you can share
The world's most sophisticated gas level sensor for your bottled LPG. Have your phone warn you before your bottle runs out.
Layering Master — Multifunctional Kit For Creating Perfect Cocktails And More…
First Dual Independent, Selective Battery Powered Flashlight! The most reliable tactical flashlight ever designed!
The Package Guard protects your delivered and unattended  packages from thieves.
An inexpensive, easy to use, practical, every day solar USB system.  For those of us not just preparing for the end of the world.
Talkase is a sleek and slim mini GSM mobile phone. It's the back-up phone you always wanted and the travel companion you always needed.
Roome adds intelligence to your home’s lighting with smart features, intuitive motion control and unparalleled convenience.
We've recreated the full flow shower feeling in a water saving system. We already know we have achieved this for our present customers.
New Design!! New colors!! Easy quick blade change!!  Pocket clip!! Small GO bag carrying case!! Made in the USA!!
Versatile, tough, & easy to use. 1up & 1up pro are full featured EDC multi tools that don't skimp on usability & will last a lifetime.
World's first universal waterproof smartphone holder. Safely & easily use your phone in the shower, hot tub, pool or beach on the go!
Featuring a water-activated SOS beacon that could save your life. RokPak gives you peace of mind when experiencing the outdoors.
It measures, controls, talks IOT and saves you money! We can predict your power bills to ensure you are charged correctly!
The world wide first shoulder strap innovation, “that does not hang around…” It is good looking, winds itself up and you can track it!
The next gen evolution for the new iPhone7, Apple Watch Series 2, and iPad/iPad Pro. Including "Dock in Dock", a unique travel solution
AnyLink™ connects almost any two devices – phone to computer, phone to phone, phone to tablet, and more...
The magic of this ice cream scoop is the curved handle. It makes it much easier to scoop hard ice cream...watch!
With a quick rinse and return, The Clean Cup™ leaves your beer pong balls free of hairs and dirt. Rinsed and ready for your next turn.
Experimentation by us and our customers has led to several innovations, creating the most capable wood burning/multi-fuel stove ever!
DreamScreen enhances TV, Movies, & Video Games by stretching the size, softening the picture and making TV easier on your eyes.
World's Best Tablet Holder! Very versatile! Fits all tablets! Rotates 360º! Mounts in Car, Sofa, On Leg, Kitchen, Bed, Airplane, etc!
Do you use programs like Photoshop, Illustrator, InDesign, Scribus Publisher or Quark XPress? You need these tools!
CapSprout is a biodegradable seed starter tool used to make planting convenient, interactive & eco-friendly. Kids will LOVE this!
Never buy a glow stick again. Hybrid light replaces glow sticks, stays bright all night, recharges by USB and...works as a flashlight .
The SunRaiden is an easy and affordable inverter-charger for off grid solar electrical power systems.
Bye, battery anxiety. Creators of the world's 1st CD slot car mount bring you fast Qi wireless charging for your smart devices.
Bring that extra battery boost to your smartphone, using just a pair of AA batteries.
With CableControl, you efficiently and easily keep your cables in place. Not just cables, but also your earphones. Super easy!
Cable-free emergency smartphone battery with built-in USB tip to charge it & micro-USB or iPhone tip to charge your phone on the go.
Troja Bike can NOT be removed, switched off or destroyed by the thief. The battery works up to 1 season and can be recharged.
Neverdrop™ keeps your phone in your hand, where it belongs.
The first Smart Pen that turns your computer in to a tablet like touch screen and records your hand writing in real-time
The JackRabbit X1 (JR-X1) is the most compact military grade 500 lumen flashlight with a built-in emergency power bank and tool carrier
Mix&Match Colour Compact Storage Drive Powered by Solid State and USB 3.0 Technologies in Aluminum Rugged Designer Case
A motion sensor and light activated, rechargeable battery powered, dimmable light miniature for night bathroom trips, cabinets, etc.
One Lightsaber. Countless Custom Combinations. 20 Built-in Colors. Lifetime Warranty on Blade. Rich Sound Effects. Best Pricing.
Functional, Minimal, and Refined EDC. BULLET light is more than just a tiny flashlight, it is the next step in mini everyday carry.
MOVE! A perfect and innovative travel companion for your Apple Watch.
Charge your Apple Watch and iPhone anytime and anywhere You want
Hiro, a bluetooth thing finder for both iPhone and Android phones. Designed and Assembled in the USA!
ZOTTZ is a learning platform for fine motor skills, focused fingers fighting autism, positive sensory feedback for occupational therapy
A chic watchcase which enables you to charge Apple Watch on the go, no need to sit at a desk and wait, charges iPhone as well.
Use your Bluetooth headset to record automatically all your phone calls. Upload records to various cloud services.
The Dino Pet is fun, renewable, and magical.  It's a new kind of pet that photosynthesizes during the day & glows brilliantly at night.
Twinkly is a Christmas tree light string, controlled via smartphone: "internet of things" meets extraordinary light effects!
We put our beloved holograms into the hands of each Maker, by producing Pocket Hologram kits that anyone can assemble.
A Revolutionary Phone Case + Lanyard + Wallet Hybrid
An affordable and simple CO2 Monitor, that will help you identify the Indoor CO2 Levels and take appropriate action
ATOS is the contemporary object your home can't miss! Now it's back with 2 new colors to get 100% satisfaction from your relax!
Thermodo is a tiny electrical thermometer that measures the temperature right where you are. iPhone, iPad, Android & more
HUI! makes growing vegetables at home easier, more guided and less challenging!  

HUI! te guía y ayuda a cultivar vegetales en casa.
Plug it on your Internet router and let magic happen. With no configuration it protects your home from ads and from undesirable content
Stream, save and charge anywhere with this travel kit essential; backed by made-in-Canada quality!
The worlds first digital butler with a touch screen, camera and voice control to connect your smart home and your family.
Best partner for your safe driving. Features of AONE take you and your family to next level of safety on the road.
This motion controlled device can be hidden from sight, and used to trigger SCARY audio bites when trick or treaters come to your door!
World's First SMART Charger!
It's SMART Enough 2 Connect/Disconnect Automatically.No Overheating or Overcharging or Trickle Charging
Use our Revolutionary New Reusable Wine Bottle to push air out of the bottle and preserve wine for hours, days or weeks!
DoodleVU is a mirror, but so much more. It's a snapshot of your day. Customize your viewing area from our growing library of widgets.
SOTA is a modern,contemporary object your home can't miss! Couch arm table with a phone stand to get 100% satisfaction from your relax!
New Wallet is an all-in-one organized wallet and protective phone case, with integrated tracking technology; making life easier.
ATOS is a modern,contemporary object your home can't miss! Arm rest table with a phone stand to get 100% satisfaction from your relax!
24-Bit HiFi Audio DAC, 1080P, and 5200mAh Power Bank. Ability use HDMI, Audio, and USB ports all at the same time while charging.
Keep your keys safe and never be without the right tool. The Griffin Pocket Tool was made for those who are always on the go.
The world's first 3 in 1 oscillating 3D Sonic Toothbrush plus beauty care functionality - facial scrub & massage sponge!
ICLOAK™ Stik is a portable privacy tool that enables you to browse anonymously and securely on any Windows, Linux or Mac computer.
JackPair protects your privacy by encrypting your voice over phone calls.  It works with any device through standard 3.5 mm audio jack.
Pooch Selfie is the smartphone attachment which helps dog owners take that perfect picture or selfie with their dog.
RinseKit conveniently delivers hot, pressurized water anywhere!
Compower - A $149 Power bank with AC/DC output, wireless charging, USB type C and 4 USB ports, also featuring as jump starter. 25% off
Redefine how you drive: view maps, blind-spots, make calls, text, listen to music. Stay connected without taking your eyes off the road
See the world's first voice-controlled scanner that organizes your photos as it scans. Tell us what's in your photo, and we'll tag it.
Launch iPhone actions based on the room of your house. Control HomeKit, Nest, and other smart devices. Launch Podcasts, Music, and more
A lightweight, practical, and affordable lithium-ion battery-powered electric scooter for efficient and fun commuting. Glide On!
​Klikr makes your home electronics controllable from your smartphone.
JISIWEI S+ is remote controlled, camera enabled, ideal for vacuuming and sweeping.It‘s a smart robot that truly looks after your home.
Wish it was easier to wake up in the morning? The UpLight is a 16M color Smart LED that helps you sleep better and wake naturally!
The best little pocket knife. Retractable, easy blade change, lightweight, and durable. Great for pocket, purse, or in a survival kit.
An affordable smart home-automation solution. Monitor and save energy, remote access via Android and iPhone. Worldwide compatibility
CapHat is a new HAT for all versions of the Raspberry Pi, featuring  an easy clip on capacitive keypad for unlimited uses.
We transform toothbrushes into gaming controllers - so kids and young-at-hearts can play fun & interactive mobile games while brushing.
PowerBulb is the world's first LED light bulb with dual USB ports that turns any lamp into a charging station. Where #LightMeetsPower
Capacitor-based, solar-powered LED flashlights: fully encapsulated, waterproof, lightweight, durable & self-sufficient survival tools.
A sleep coaching device that uses a calming pattern of light to guide you to fall asleep faster by training your breathing.
Take Control of Color with Just the Touch of an App! The Ultimate Wireless LED Light, Super Bright, and It Can Even Get Wet!
A high powered, portable solar power station that charges all your gadgets directly from the sun with outlet speeds.
Snakable is a beautifully designed USB cable for your Apple or Android device that protects the connectors from breaking.
Want quiet, calm, happy dogs? It’s easy with the world’s first universal smart training & game system for pets.
Revolutionary device that will turn your screwing job much easier and powerful.
A USB Wall Charger with Built in Battery that cost less than a typical wall charger.  It can provide a full charge to most smartphones.
Featuring 15+ tools in one simple design, the Griffin Pocket Tool XL keeps you prepared for anything while you are on the go.
Easily remove roller caps, orifice reducer inserts, and put them back on without getting essential oils on your hands.
Condense a dozen phone actions into 1 quick Smartphone scan. Save time, simplify technology, and stop repeating the same tasks everyday
Finally, a simple solution to the password and two-factor authentication problem.
Transform living space or everyday object into interactive & playful focal points using LED light and incredible sensors in your phone.
This extremely versatile wireless LED light does all what light can do. Battery operated, 2,4 GHz remote & spectacular light effects.
Turning your SmartPhone into a Garage Door Remote, and many other new cool features / Convierte tu Smartphone en un tu mando de Garaje
Do you know who’s watching your screen? Detect unexpected visitors while you're working or playing on a PC.
Hear the world around you with wireless headphones equipped with bionic hearing capabilities
CorsPower 7 Empowering Mobile Experience with 256GB Data Storage, Quick Charge 3.0 and Built-in Qi wireless charging for All Devices
A rechargeable Bluetooth tracker with a long-lasting battery that keeps you from losing your valuables with help of a smartphone app.
A masterpiece that perfectly combines fashion & technology and let you enjoy music wired/wirelessly. M3, Your Most Stylish Headphones
First 18500 battery size Titanium Triple Flashlight.
WooHoo™'s Artificial Intelligence based and interactive smart hub is the world's first affordable and easy to use smart home solution.
12-in-1 Connect CHARLIE has 9 USB Ports and 3 outlets to safely charge all your devices. This Powerhouse features built-in nightlight.
Supports iPhone/Android devices. Magnetic phone dock with built-in wireless charging, arguably the most advanced yet. Super easy!
Join the deodorant save club! Save 90% of plastic waste while spending less on refills. Stay healthy by limiting aluminum exposure!
Power or charge anything with a 110V AC, a DC cigarette lighter, two 6mm 12V DC & two 5V USB outputs that's rechargeable w solar panel.
Keep losing things? Want to share & track belongings with friends? Locate bags/keys in an instant? Scheduled to ship in JUNE! #FIND
REDSTART Is A Holeshot Practice BMX Gate That Automatically Syncs With One, Two Or More Gates. No Plug, No Wire, No Hassle.
HelioTent is the first and only product which filters out harmful sunrays while allowing the sun's healthy benefits shine through!
The LoKi MUT is a small EDC multitool that includes the key features required in a everyday carry tool.
Nurugo Micro is the smallest and lightest digital microscope with 400x magnification and high resolution.
8 Port USB 3.0 Hub That do Rapid Charging (2.4 Amps / 12 Watts per Port) for iPhone, iPad, Android and Other USB Devices.
Aquasana pairs beautiful glass bottle design with water filtration never before available in a bottle for the ultimate drinking vessel.
For graphic designers everywhere outside of North America, Galaxy Gauge brings you a special, limited-run METRIC gauge and color set.
Let’s give our cats the same joy they bring us everyday !
Stay charged while listening to music and hydrate anywhere with The HYDRA SmartBottle (w/integrated Bluetooth speaker & mic)
My most flexible solar charging solution to date.  Charge directly from the sun, store power for use later or do both simultaneously!
World's coolest way to shine your night rides, easiest way to find where you're parked, and safest way to enhance the brake signal.
Revolutionary tennis training tools to improve and develop power, control and consistency - even while hitting live balls!
Transmit web content and notifications to nearby smartphones. Create info points, guided tours, treasure hunts and more!
PLAYBULB garden lets you add shining colors and special lighting effects to your home garden. Garden lighting show is one tap away.
Create shortcuts for your favorite smartphone tasks & deliver digital resources to anyone.
A new remote control for your smart phone and home - text friends, control music, snap pictures, and more!
An intelligently designed, re-usable, super sticky gel pad engineered to keep your possessions secure on almost any surface.
#FFF •The most effective Fruit Fly Trap gives you a Cleaner Environment • Washable & Reusable • The ONLY Traps You'll EVER Need To Buy!
A smart and responsive robot that brings incredible fun and creativity
1/3 of Size of the original British plug, folding design protects pin from scratching other items, USB ports, power bank,
Luma: Charge your device, listen to music, make a call and set the mood all with this phone controlled smart lamp.
Nutlock: A beautifully designed bike lock that protects your bike wheels from getting stolen. ►Has many nut & key variations!◄
Cobblestone streams music to your sound system. Use your smart phone to control music to any speaker over WiFi. Free your music.
The first ever portable golf swing analysis and shot tracking system.
You can use Magic Pads to attach and detach in every place of your lifestyle. Your Lifestyle Item, iMARVEL.
THE FIRST MAGNETIC TOOL VEST DESIGNED FOR PEOPLE LOOKING FOR A SMARTER WAY TO MANAGE THEIR TOOLS, NUTS AND BOLTS.
Finally a marker buoy designed for hands free deployment so you can stay on the school. Change the way you fish with a ProBuoy!
A sleek new lamp design, using passively cooled, blue laser technology. Illuminate the world with less than 1 watt of household energy.
Will you be a trendsetter for Christmas this year? Combine good old postcards with the latest tech!
LED dog collars w/ eight full color RGB LEDs. Use our free iOS/Android app to program the collar and create an awesome light show!
Keplero is the first magnetic Luxury Wallet made of pure carbon fiber. The thinnest and lightest ever.
GranolaStrolla is a portable, affordable and easy to use solar charged batterypack able to charge USB devices as fast as a wall charger
Zip Rings Reinvents Flossing with Ordinary Dental Floss: Makes it Easier and Mess-Free while Cutting in Half the Amount of Floss Used
The interactive smart cubes that interpret sensing data to create original and playful audio and visual effects.
Sound activated light up apparel. Amaze your friends with unique concepts created and designed by Flash Pups®.
Handicap door opening buttons break often. We've created a stronger cooler design to help foster independence for our disabled friends!
Show the world that you are a KICKSTARTER backer... The worlds wide first shoulder strap innovation, “that does not hang around…”
A cap that fits over commonly used guitar effect pedal on/off switches giving the player a more comfortable switching experience.
LucidBrake 2.0 is a high-tech, motion-sensing, no-wires bicycle brake light with awareness beacon - for safety and to save lives!
MatSnaps are a set of four small snaps, designed to keep your towel in place on your yoga mat throughout your practice.
The Digit Grip makes large handheld devices feel smaller, easier to use and provides the most natural and comfortable grip possible.
ATOS is a modern side table that your home can't miss! Sofa arm table with a device stand to get 100% satisfaction from your relax!
PVC pedal car designed to get me around college campus & to advance & explore my mechanical engineering major. 
No engine=no emissions
Ariis is a modular sports performance monitor. "Swappable" attachment sensors, data sent wirelessly to your phone, and open source UI.
Flyshark: A New Concept in Folding Keyboard Technology
Finally a Power Bank that has the ability to protect your devices battery life while providing extra storage.
The ultimate patented phone holder you will ever use!!!
Don' Kill Mosquitoes - Kill Their Eggs: remove 95% of the mosquitoes in your environment by removing their eggs without chemicals.
Record important phone calls directly into your computer. No fees, no 3-way call, no big brother. Simple, secure and private.
Invisible by day, radiant at night. A smarter, safer and more colorful solution to lighting your home that you never need to take down.
Smart Unit tracks your luggage anywhere in the world. It knows when the plane has landed and tells you if your luggage is close to you.
Replaces the traditional toothbrush, paste, floss and mouth rinse with pressure washing micro bubble technology. For kids & adults.
Spring Thing is a compact on-the-go hand held massage tool that utilizes a spring to quickly and gently relax sore muscles and tendons.
PROOF is the next generation, waterproof, Bluetooth speaker, microphone, phone pouch combo. PROOF any device for any adventure.
Zettaly PowerX (formerly ThinkPower) is the fastest mobile battery pack for your phones, tablets and other gadgets.
We are the Greenhill Gizmos, a team of Year 4 and 5 children from Sheffield who have qualified for the First Lego League World Final!
Hold any tablet in any position. Create the perfect iPad, Android, or Windows accessories with these seven interchangeable components.
KitSentry is the way to manage, track, and protect your gear. Don’t settle for just tracking your bag, track everything inside too!
There has been an awakening, have YOU felt it? Will you protect the peace as a Jedi? Or will you give yourself  to The Dark Side?
Kids' first and last motorized, $40, Lego® compatible, Power meeperBOT & Controller App. All-in-one system for amazing brick machines!
L8 connects via bluetooth to your smartphone to displays by light codes everything that happens through the internet and in your life.
Prodigy Hoops are the next generation of LED Smart Hoops and Flow Props. Innovated, Intelligent, and most importantly....affordable
The Brush Spinner expertly cleans and dries your makeup brush in just a couple of seconds.
The Gotta-Potty Mat is a pressure mat with speaker and wireless receiver that alerts you up to 200ft when your dog is at your door.
Sleepion stimulates sight, hearing, and smell to deepen sleep for resting the mind and body.
Stay connected to life, THINGY can assist in making your day to day life run smoother (with swag) by solving life's simplest issues.
Based on the concept of a digital Swiss Knife, KiiTAG 2 offers the functionality of multiple devices in one compact and sleek solution.
The Velocity Grill is a wood fired grill that reaches temperatures of 1,000 degrees in minutes with only 2 pieces of wood.
The ultimate take anywhere pocket tool! Lift tabs, pop tops, and keep track of your keys!
India's first Smart Road Safety Platform. A cool Internet of Things (IoT) connected-car gadget.
Pair Starfish with any smartphone to build a "safety net" around your child! Starfish alerts you if you leave your child in the car.
QTemp is a smart wearable weather station that measures UV and temperature while displaying the safe sun time on iOS & Android devices.
A simple and beautiful way to hold most mobile phones and an Apple Watch, made of earth friendly materials by American craftsmen.
Plug the sip-hole on a beverage lid with The SpilliNator...then Sip, Pour, and even "Suck" from the lid, all Splash-Free and On-the-Go!
World's thinnest charger! (3/16").Built-in Apple Lightning or Micro USB charging cable. Aluminum case. PLUS,four exciting new upgrades.
In a perfect world, cables easily adjust to your needs.
TabletTable is an assistive technology platform designed to help make modern devices accessible for users with a movement disorder.
Ability to jumpstart almost any vehicle, charge smartphones, and bring your AC outlet with you. Last portable power source you need.
CliMate is a Bluetooth tracker that syncs your environment’s real humidity, temperature and UVI to your smartphone.
We mesh together the hottest technologies to bring you an action packed panoramic cam that can be viewed by VR goggles or UltraHD TV
The CYSPO OmniStation is the first charging station with both wired and wireless charging.
The World's Longest Lasting Emergency Flashlight. Now Featuring a Cree LED!
The iTank is a game changer...and ready in 60 days! Get in on the ultimate riding machine on 3-wheels. Fast, balanced and insanely fun!
Table Air (TM) is an efficient smart air purifier with a stylish design that blends well with the environment wherever you need it.
The world's first tangle-free high performance headsets with a flexible dual self-winding system.
The Perfect, Portable Accessory for your Android Phone and iPhone. Support Most Phone Cases!
We developed a gaming controller that works with AR/VR Mobile games. We are coming out with a host of games for this fun device!
Piconizer is a pocket-sized library that organizes your iPhone/iPad photos and videos while making room for new ones
Keeping an appearance of iPhone 7 as it is, a Japanese-made elastomer protects your iPhone 7 perfectly!
The 303 SS pen is a machined pen that sports a sleek design and blends functionality with style.
Smart tail light that can alert others about accidents or unauthorized bike movement. Light Sensitive and App Customizable LED pattern
iDo measures and monitors any temperature accurately and continuously. Care for more and  develop your own apps with smart iDo !
The world's first Disc Golf disc tracking system! Use your smart phone to locate your discs and record your game statistics.
The HAVOCmini by DR.1 was designed to be the most crashworthy racing/freestyle quad copter in the world!
Performance of gas scooter + Eco friendliness of electric scooter = The ProGo 3000 Propane Powered Motor Scooter.
Power Bank. Car battery Jump-Starter.  Flashlight. Emergency Tool. The Utility Power Bank.
World’s First Underwater Flashlight, Car Jump Starter and Power Bank - Charge your Cell, Charge your GoPro, Jump your Car
Snap Sideclick onto your streaming remote and control your TV, sound, and streaming device all-in-one.  Ditch the other remotes!
Chiffon & Lumo - A transparent dock made from perfect crystal glass designed with a Smart LED cable MFi Certified by Apple.
Solar powered dry box, bluetooth speakers, flashlight and battery backup to recharge and protect devices for all of your adventures
Eliminate the threat of data theft or fraud to your ID, contactless and credit cards with our ultra-thin flexible RFID protection card.
Macbook Mate: Macbook's missing pieces. A portable & weightless stand + Invisible aluminum dust plugs for USB, HDMI & Thunderbolt ports
The Innovative 'WineMinder' System For Ensuring Your Wine Is Kept At Its Best!
THE WORLD'S FIRST WINDOWS BASED USB PRIVACY GADGET THAT'S SIMPLE TO USE.
Inspired by last weeks apple watch launch we decided to design our own charging station. Should we make it? Its up to you!
Control appliances, electronic devices and more, all from your smartphone
Flies were injured in the making of this gadget! The one in the photo, I'm not sorry to say, is no longer with us--Garbage Can Fly Trap
Designed for cats and cats only, GPRS/ WiFi enabled, high precision, weighing just 50g/ 1¾ oz. Follow live, and see where they've been.
DIY. YOUR TRUSTED DRIVING PARTNER.
Never go through endless boxes to find something in storage again! Industrial strength personal storage management on your mobile
The only thing we didn’t reinvent was the alphabet.
The new Bluetooth Smart Keyboard for iPadPro and ios. Works for Android and Windows
live video/audio link via antenna tracking on 5.8ghz for FPV (first person view) applications
Not just a battery nor wireless charger, TDS’ Infinite M modular platform provides innovative functionality and infinite possibilities.
Ever Lose Your Keys, Worry About Losing Sight of Your Children, or Forget Something on a Trip?  No Longer, StoneTether Has You Covered!
The Quicklock - The World's 1st Bluetooth + RFID Auto Lock Doorlock. Finally, personal security and privacy for your home or office.
Have you ever lost your keys, wallet, smartphone.. and your mind in the process? With NutFind3, you won't! Piece of Nut. Peace of Mind.
Help beekeepers keep an eye on hive health, with software that measures hive activity and video highlights of the hive entrance.
The ManCan 128: a one-gallon, personal keg system that keeps your favorite beer fresh, carbonated, and delicious--the way it should be!
Crystal Wash™ 1000 loads of clean laundry without using Detergents, Chemicals or Perfume… Now launching into the 21st Century.
This app-enabled alarm clock/speaker includes Spotify, Uber integration, smart home controls, traffic/weather reports, charging & more
The C57 is an extremely rugged, titanium and carbon fiber flashlight that is waterproof, powerful, efficient and customizable.
A reasonably priced USB charger for power wheelchairs to keep your android, iphone, ipad, tablet, or flip phone powered all day!
See how this 501(c)(3) non-profit company is changing the game with its GPS enabled pet tag that keeps your dog or cat safer than ever!
Digital technology meets the old fashioned foam "KOOZIE" with the Koolernaut.  Be a part of the revolution!
Cleaner water for Kitchen, Bathroom or any Home Appliance at the same Flow Rate.
Evolution Wear -  RapidSol solar charger has a 2.7 AMP USB C power output! Attaches to almost anything! 14W 1 panel + battery solution.
Get the IoT relay for safe high-power automation. Durable and reliable. Connects to any Arduino, PIC or Wifi micro. Priced right.
U-Ring = Convenience + Security + Style
Set to any single color or color-changing. Worlds Coolest Motion Activated Night Light.
Invest in a faster, safer, and longer-lasting product. 
LUMOPACK will change your expectations of charging!
A stealth beer koozie that hides your beer and keeps it ice cold
TACTICO GEOMASTER GMT WATCH
The newest model of TACTICO WATCHES.
Swiss ETA 2893-3 caliber. 200M WR.
The watch for pilots and travellers
Long like snake, charge like cable. The longest Apple certified Lightning cable made from the strongest, tangle free, braided nylon.
Become part of the eBike community that has taken the industry by Storm at an unbelievable price of only $499 for a limited time!
Needle-less acupuncture device, multilevel adjustable pressure. Utilizing interchangeable magnet, crystal, E-stim and contoured tips.
Secure Transfer USB, Password protected USB 3.0 memory stick with built in wifi.
This simple bioreacter can scrub up to 24 lbs of CO2 from the atmosphere a year; while simultaneous growing algal based super-foods.
If you have a car or use your smartphone in the car for listening to music or navigation, portable sticky pad will be your must-have it
The Vis Tiger is the ultimate Go Anywhere, Jump Anywhere Power Bank utilizing the latest Colbolt B Lithium battery technology.
No smudges, no smears. 100% microfiber sticky patches. Sticks to your devices. To clean, peel, wipe, stick back. Reusable & washable!
Weather Point is an individual keychain weather station. Measures temperature, humidity, UV, atmospheric pressure on your mobile device
Relax your tired muscles, release healing endorphins, and tap into your bodies natural ability to rejuvenate itself with massage.
Touch Lumen and heat of your body will be converted to Light! Everlasting light source that is always with you.
The HighView lets you hang your iPad for more comfortable viewing, and each HighView gives 1 month of clean water to children in need!
Light 'Em Up! Take ANY regular old cooler, and MAKE IT COOLER. Our Cooler Bobs light up the contents no matter how dark the night.
The Ultimate Networking tool! A slim minimalistic Smartwallet that enables you to easily share contact details!

www.wethewolves.com
Got a hard token? Gotta use it dozens of times per day? This perfectly engineered token stand is what you want.
Easily make your existing office or home window blinds into luxurious remote-controlled blinds. Convenience without the High Cost.
Simply plug into a wall outlet and dock your phone on top.Tiny cordless Apple approved design.No battery.Fits all iPhones and Androids.
iLuun Air Allows You To Wirelessly Store, Share, & Stream Data Between Smartphones, Tablets, and Computers.
A multi-purpose tool with concealed neodymium magnets for clamping, hanging, retrieving and attaching magnetic objects.
An USB 3.0 cable connector provides voltage/current meter, 2x fast charge, auto power off, multiple protections, data sync, Android OTG
4K / Ultra-HD /2160p HDMI Video/TV Out Cable for Samsung Galaxy Note 4, Note Edge and other MHL Smartphones from HTC, Sony and LG.
Escape from the world & Set your mood. Meet Muzo. A Premium and Intelligent acoustic device that creates your Personal Zone of Silence.
The little coffee gadget that enables you to make a brew in an instant. Coolest Coffee Gadget on Kickstarter www.breakingbeans.co.uk
A single pin, non-adjustable bow-sight that requires no estimation of the target distance.
REVOLUTIONARY NEW WAY TO CARRY CASH
Linse Lighters is an L.A. based start up that is revolutionizing the lighter industry. Dude, it tilts!
2-in-1 Magnetic connector for iPhone & Android devices. The first magnetic connector to work with iPhones and Android.
The Ultimate USB Flash Drive is finally here. It's metal, durable, and quickly clips on and off your keychain, with no cap to lose.
The Tail Scale™ is a remarkable new way to estimate fish length and weight. It's simple, fast, & better for the health of the fish.
Select the percentage on Tinting With just a Touch of The Remote.
Make your first cord your last cord (and sexiest too). No more wear and tear, no more misplacing. If your cord's exposed, wrap it up!
The small key chain capsule cable easy for your every day carry, charge/sync Android phone, support OTG, and fast charge your iPhone.
A cheap plug-n-play mini bitcoin full node on a Raspberry Pi 2 micro computer
It is an industry-first smoke alarm that can Take Photos and Send Alerts to your phone. Never worry about False Alarms again!
Visualight is an open-source Wi-Fi enabled light bulb that can visualize data as colored light.
The world's only folio case provides signal boost, protection, style, and longer battery life!
Zombait will make dead bait history in 2016!  This fishing lure brings dead bait back to life to help you catch more and bigger fish!
Jorno is a unique folding bluetooth keyboard that works with iPhone/iPad and Android devices.

Go mobile and get productive with Jorno.
Fingerprint Opening, Global Tracker, Lift-less Self Weighing Scale, Speakerphone and Power Bank all combined in a super smart luggage
PowerX change everything! It change everything into wireless. It bring you into the next generation of charging.
The 'BumBee Seat’ is a New Product Design and the Ultimate Seating Gadget on Wheels for Summer Fun in your Garden, Office & Garage!
The solution for everyone who has trouble taking medications and supplements
ForeverGlass is offering the last iPhone tempered glass screen protector with a revolutionary Unlimited Lifetime WaRRRanty.
inCharge Bolt, the smallest keyring cable in the world. Now charging up to twice faster than a standard cable and weather resistant!
Write down your word and keep it forever,treasure your precious memories.
With NanoHold, it's easy to stick your mobile device to many smooth flat surfaces. Sticks without being sticky. FREE WORLDWIDE SHIPPING
A phone charger with JuiceSync App for battery analysis, diff alerts, selfie shutter and PowerPoint slide controller functions & more!
NEW 6 in 1 Divot Tool that sharpens broken tees and scoring pencils, repairs divots, keeps grips dry, and now comes with a BALL MARKER!
LiquidNano is an invisible, state-of-the-art liquid glass protector for your Smartphone, Smartwatch, Tablet, or other mobile devices.
GTEAR can prevent EarPods from falling off your ears continuously while doing sports.
Homtime’s C1pro is your bedside companion. Use it as a charger or Bluetooth speaker or set it to wake you with your favorite music
The perfect holiday gift for your friend that has suddenly become fascinated with flat earth cartography. Or just get one for yourself.
Charging your Apple and Android devices is inconvenient – short cords limit use and are messy.
iCoil® solves both of these problems.
Three seconds touch your skin to listen what your skin wants to tell you.
The only patent pending Smart Tag in the world that allows instant direct 2 way chat (+GPS info) with Tag owner when the Tag is scanned
iBrush 365 ™ invented for one purpose and one purpose only. 
“To brush from the gums towards to teeth just like dentists recommend.”
Finally, a smart home security camera with easy installation that can recognize smoke alarms and recap a day in seconds with Time Lapse
Smartkase makes your iPhone Dual Sim capable - Doubles its Battery Life & Lets you add a Memory Card to your iPhone.
Super bright CREE LED flashlight (waterproof up to 20 feet) + 10,000mAh Rechargeable USB Battery Bank to charge your phone
We have perfected the popular HoloGram Pyramid for your phone. No double blur issues or black mirrors! Specially coated clear polymer.
Transforms Your Toilet Into A Night Light. 7 LED Colors to Choose with just the press of a button,Fits ANY Toilet. 5 Stage Dimmer !
Lightning to USB Sync & Charge keychain cable for iPhone, iPad, iPod and other Lightning port based devices.
All-in-One water bottle with Filtration, UV Light Purifier, Bluetooth Speaker, Cup Lid, Infuser, Strobe Light, Lantern, Heating & more!
We need to get from Montreal to Hamilton, Ontario to present our robot to the Innovation Nation Competiton to compete and win!
World Most Advanced iPhone Solar Case & Charger. Auto Power Shut-off. Durable. Slim. Never Runs Out of Power. Ever!
Stikk is a Unique Re-Usable Double Sided Gel Pad That Will Stick Anything to Everything!
It`s a plank.....with a face!
6 ft. Electroluminescent Visible Current Charge and Sync Cables. Illuminate your Mobile and Gaming Devices.
Introducing Back to the Future Part II Miniature Desktop Hover Boards just in time for October 21, 2015.
Space Top is a spinning top playable at any directions. Play of space top not explainable with known laws of physics by experts so far.
Remove all of your car's odors with Mist. 
Heavy smoke odor? Lingering smelly food? Consider it gone.
Do you want  convenience of using two iPhone6/6s without the inconvenience of carrying two phones? it is the solution we’ve built for
Tired of putting down your controller to grab a snack! Here's the Candy Coffin! Now you can snack in between rounds without letting go!
Control audio & video (play/pause/forward/backtrack), activate Siri, & take photos on iOS devices w/ this remote.
A revolutionary shooter game where you shoot actual Touch-Reactive darts at your touchscreen device, to take down epic digital targets!
SmartMatrix is a beautiful music visualizer, dynamic art display, video game art display, and more!
A connected audio recorder that help you capture and save your family stories.
With a flashlight, GPS, bluetooth, backup battery, and a digital walkie-talkie, the Fogo is the Ultimate Adventure Gadget!
You own a Maine Lighthouse w/Beacon Keeper Deed; sensors/cams & gadgets, virtually we bring the light to you & help ocean-centric orgs.
Jeane is a force-feedback steering wheel cover that tells you how to get to your destination while preventing traffic jams.
Instantly beam precious moments of your kids into their grandparents' living room. Connect them to your family's day-to-day lives.
The Ultimate Taxi is a Rock 'N' Roll Laser-Light-Show on wheels, famously entertaining on the streets of Aspen, CO for 30 years!
Lovepoppet is a pair of connected dolls that provides a fun, intimate way to communicate nonverbally when separated from loved ones.
[STAFF PICK] Playing with building blocks never gets old. By adding a layer of technology we´ve just made it cooler, and smarter.
All Wheel Drive Fat Bike!  Buy one of the world's first AWD Fat Bikes and help fund Kate Leeming's cycling expedition across Antarctica
Appiom re-defines family Internet lifestyles by giving parents IT admin-like power to manage their kids’ online activity from anywhere.
DRIVE enables in-car messaging only when your hands are on the wheel. 
No voice commands. No buttons to press. No screens to touch.
Huum is smart, flexible security that fits all your monitoring needs right in your pocket. Easy to set up and commitment free. Simple!
The Egg is the solution for your breakfast. A portable, safe and easy to use waterless Egg boiler that cooks perfect soft boiled eggs.
the OMO+ short for Optical Musical Object the only portable battery powered light-show and music player in the universe.
Introducing advanced biofeedback technology design to improve women's pelvic floor health: Juve!
ViW enhances your computer, tablet and smartphone view by 50% and intuitively lighting your video calls for perfection!
Deadbolts have gone digital, but this hasn’t made them more secure. Inspired by a break-in, HAVEN is a stronger, smarter home lock.
Experience incredible SPEED! See the world like NEVER BEFORE! True RACING TECHNOLOGY in the palm of your hand!
A simple navigation device that gets you from A to B while keeping you in the moment. Explore the world differently.
MyndGazer is a brain-computer interface platform that renders the users brain waves in real time as a Virtual Reality 3D visualization.
NOTE: THE PODCYCLE CAMPAIGN IS RELAUNCHING. VISIT PODCYCLE.COM FOR DETAILS.
Our smart meter gives you visibility to monitor your propane tank level and usage. Rest assured you won't be left out in the cold.
Remove insects from your home in seconds without harming them. Don't destroy insects. Have fun and Bee-kind.
A smart electronic device that prevents your skis and snowboards from being stolen. It also helps find skis lost in powder.
FonePhrog is an entertaining gadget that lip synchs to your cell phone conversations or any other Bluetooth audio.
TriClops is the smallest and most versatile HID Lighting Technology designed specifically for use with all GoPro accessories.
A simple, fun, and renewable dog poo collection system that completely replaces the disgusting plastic bag and scooping device!
KaliPAK is all the power you need when there is no power around. - NOW ACCEPTING PRE-ORDERS! BACK US OR CLICK "COUNT ME IN" BELOW
Deuce is a pocket wireless charger that charges your mobile phone wirelessly when plugged in or if not, then via the back up battery.
Cuberox is an old-style cube that has six 16x16 displays able to run various apps, is waterproof & has a magical wireless charging base
Drive like Ken Block with our 125ccm engine powered drift bike - Feel the road and become one with your cycle and the asphalt!
The NoPhone is a technology-free alternative to constant hand-to-phone contact that allows you to stay connected with the real world.
The Electric Bubble Gum Board weighs 12.1 lbs can go 21 mph with a range of approximately 10 miles, for $550.
iScent is a Bluetooth 4.0 atomizer which works with your phone, allowing you to use a custom scented mist as your ringtone or music.
Interactive beer pong tables that hover the balls in air & light up the cups even as you re-rack to different configurations.
The JamBlaster is crazy fast, greatly extends the distances over which you can play together, and offers plug and play ease of use.
FLiCC is a case that allows you to see what is in front of you while using your phone. See the world through FLiCC's lens
TorrX automatically inflates or deflates your soccer ball, basketball, volleyball and football to your chosen pressure.
Plug Hank in to your 12v outlet for draft beer at your next tailgate, on the boat, on your RV AND plug him in at home!
For individuals who cannot hear, this is your personal alert to the  sounds of alarms, sirens and traffic, or even friends calling out.
Charge Your Phone, Lights & USB Devices While You Cycle With the CydeKick Zero-Emissions, Zero-Friction*, Add-On Generator System
Since time is so important in our way of thinking and acting, we would like you to enjoy time. Get a smile on your face with Cucu!
A simple, automated indoor plant care system, for beginners and serious gardeners alike.
Clean, green cooking and device charging wherever you are. Together we can save lives, reduce poverty and stop deforestation.
World's First Bluetooth Floating Speaker & Powerbank that operates in your pool, at your campsite, beach and charges your cell phone
64GB & 128GB Memory + Wireless USB Hub + Phone Charging = KUBE. View, Access and Share files On-The-Go.
Prototype of portable temperature controlled plate, designed to keep your hot drinks hot and your cold drinks cold.
SolaMist is a solar-powered mosquito and insect misting system.  Your app controls non-toxic spray schedule for entire backyard.
A safe, quiet, portable and eco-friendly turtledrain out-performs other water pumps and is powered solely by force and gravity.
Remotsy allows you to get remote control of your home by automating your remote control commands.
An Arduino™ based programmable outlet with screen and thermocouple inputs for implementing a wide range of awesome projects!
Always be ready to get much better pix and video with UpSHIFTr, the new phone case with a built-in selfie-stick.
Keeping an appearance of iPhone 7 Plus as it is, a Japanese-made elastomer protects your iPhone 7 Plus perfectly!
SpyFrame turns your iPhone into a wireless hidden security camera. Protect your home, your business or keep an eye on your kids.
Fidget Gadget is a combination of fidget tools that click, spin and roll in various ways. With magnetic clasp to attach to your keys.
Your news pushed to you! A real-time news wire that sits on your desk, continually streaming news headlines from your content sources.
The next generation Car FM Transmitter with six exciting engine sounds from Super Sports Cars and bikes, also with USB charging
Vyu360™ A revolutionary mobile accessory & companion app that enables your smartphone to easily capture and share 360°media.
With capacitive touch sensitivity, Interact in a whole new way with a hand flying Hoverboard drone you can fly and hover anywhere.
Máxima higiene, mínimo gasto y ahorra espacio. El primer wc del mercado en ofrecer estas características.
Made of plastic and metal components, designed for industrial use, this buggy is designed to be used under the most challenging loads.
This is an electric guitar strap that turns on any strip of LED's or multi color LED's. It also can react on the beat of any music
Outdoor seating has been evolving for many years, but never has there been so many advancements in comfort, technology and modularity.
The Watchdog is the coolest way to be visible from every angle.  Cablelight tech means the entire lit leash IS the strength member!
Banzeye can help everyone keep optimum distance and posture when using a computer...learn why that's important, especially for kids!
FoxDen IoT offers a secure internet enabled multi-color smart LED bulb. Easy to install & adjust, securely, from anywhere in the world.
Safety, security and peace of mind is what you get when you ride with KC illuminati's "low light level" riding gear. Made in USA
Project your phone onto a transparent screen on your windshield. Easily access the info you need from your favorite mobile apps.
Assemble yourself seamless and without competence of connected objects such as thermo-hygrometer connected!
Your friends or family will be alerted by texts and see your locations on map for further helps immediately.
Fast to store, fast to deploy, tangle free earbud storage.  The Squidbud protects earbuds, prevents tangles with no winding required!
Carry your wireless phone, tablet and i-pod more securely and conveniently with a Flip Clip. Super easy to install and use.
PowerOak K2 is an incredibly lightweight, sustainable energy supply system. K2, the most powerful solar powerbank currently available!
BattPi is a Case for Raspberry Pi with integrated Battery and Real Time Clock. Built in UPS offering up to 8 hours of battery life.
MatSnaps are four little snaps, designed to keep your yoga towel in place on your yoga mat, so that all that moves is you.
A portable backup battery that helps eliminate the wire clutter of everyday life.
Watch any 4 live TV shows at once on a tablet, smartphone, or TV. Bring the sports bar TV experience home, and never miss a big play!
Lightshows created and published using your favorite music, LED string lights, and your digital audio workshop for a $279 pledge
A simple but effective stress relief product.
Re-useable light sticks (2.4oz) that are cost effective, waterproof, non-toxic, life time warranty with a ten year battery shelf life.
Ryan's Original Snap-on Paint Tray is a revolutionary tool that will save time and energy to the homeowner or contractor
Looking to start a home engineering studio.  I would like to design a composite car first.  First need the computer and cad software.
litcase is the only iPhone selfie case featuring high quality lights on the front and back controlled by a fully dimmable touch sensor.
This is a smart night light that watches your home, talks and sings to your family, and “dances” to music providing a light show.
Secure, Wi-Fi lockbox for the connected property that bridges the communication gap between owner and renter.
Wine Brix measures the sugar content in wine—through the bottle!

Using reflected light analysis, it can measure all types of wine.
The groundbreaking paperKlip holds notes at eye level for easy reference and relieves physical strain. It also doubles as a phone stand
Watchee is a tiny smart device that detects and logs any displacement. A door, a drawer, an object ... keep an eye on your stuff!
SOMATO is a keycap surface system that gives the keyboard tactile character recognition. The Result: Fewer errors and faster speeds
Un Karaoké Box qui bouge jusque chez vous : le Pop-up Karaoké
This gadget will revolutionize the way we use our smart devices in our everyday lives.
This project features an open source Commodore 64 emulator together with custom hardware in a tiny box.
A new polymer replacing carbon that collects hydrocarbons and other VOC's and is then remediated and converted to H2O, NO2 and CO2.
Enhance your duck hunting by adding realism to your decoy spread with this smartphone app-controlled Robo Duck decoy remote.
New, innovative, and exciting tools and accessories for thousands of motorcycles. Come join our Kickstarter project today!
Motorized Barstool Stakebed with an ice chest and Bar-B-Que Grill. For tailgating/promotional events and SERIOUS FUN! FUN! FUN!
The Indi is a phone dock that gives your mobile a set of arms to wave at you when it needs to catch your attention.
Automated watering for your table top potted plants
This invention made me believe anything is possible. The Inot is a bisected ball that locks two sides and then can rotate back to open.
Stick It Where Hands Free Cellular, GPS and IPod Mounting Pad. Keeps devices out of hands and eyes on the road!
Fight back against your car battery's slow, eventual demise!  The "Battery Saver" can help combat the slow drain using USB and the sun!
From the mind of a gifted child inventor, a rocket-shaped device that snaps to Lego®s & MegaBloks® adding sound and programmable play
Introducing the Tempo - An affordable, user programmable high performance power meter for both the novice to competitive cyclist.
OKO is the first online multimedia frame that allows you to share all media content with your friends with an easy app!
Eyeride is our way of making riding safer. Our vision is to build a universal motorcycle head up display system for all types of riders
The solution to the ice fisherman's nightmare of tangled lines on their tip-ups. The most innovative storage device on the ice.
Wheelies™ display video and images on your motorcycle. 
Watch our video make light of the “Next Big Thing”
Giving You a Digital Connection to Your Mailbox 24/7!
Gidjit Beacons let your phone know when you are in a room. Control  Nest, HomeKit Devices, Apps, and so much more.
The Pottawatomie County Historical Society is in the process of digitizing all documents from 1891 to present. WE NEED BOOK SCANNERS.
Handmade Leather Tech EDC accessories. Using high quality oil-tanned leathers and Horween Leathers.
A Powerful, Expandable, Easy-to-use Lighting Controller for Holiday Lights, Parties, and Any Other Excuse You Can Find to Use It...
Rollo is a new premium quality, charging device for mobile phones & tablets. Its cable winds up with a simple push on a button.
Tired of being judged for your cell phone addiction? LookBetterBooks are guaranteed to make you look Smart, Cool, Classy and Rich!
World's first bunker practice without sand. Use it anywhere, anytime. Play better within minutes.
We are looking to create the next generation small home appliances, starting with the lowly vacuum cleaner.
“Life's most persistent and urgent question is, 'What are you doing for others?” 
― Martin Luther King Jr.
We've created a fun, easy and inexpensive way for everyone to showcase their products, talent and passion to the world using beacons.
Transform mobile device into a low-cost 360 VR entertainment system for movies, games or operating FPV drones with the MOB2D Headset.
The DUDAD is a device that will audibly rather than visually alert truck drivers when they are finished being loaded enabling sleep
Everybody should enjoy their freedom also people in a wheelchair..our flexible Rolling Bag will make it happen!
The Cigar Throttle is a patent pending device that allows motorcycle riders to smoke a cigar while riding.
Showcasing new product innovations from creative minds
The Velocity Grill is a wood fired grill that reaches temperatures of 1,000 degrees in minutes with only 2 small chunks of wood.
The one and only 3D icon that physically shows the likes on your Facebook page. Every time your page gets a like, you get a thumbs up.
Mobile Bon-Fire:tool used to create a small fire anywhere, on nearly every kind of surface. "A must have tool for any true outdoorsman"
The best rechargeable flashlight and USB power source. Designed  for the developing world, heli™ is ready to break into the US market.
The FLEX-STEP is a universal mount, EZ-clearance, NO hassle chain step for all of your off-roading and rock climbing needs!
MyTotal.TV Share allows users from all over the world to share their TV screen with friends and  family, as well as with themselves
Baby On Board Yield - End hot car deaths once and for all, and improve road safety for children
The 8Rlicht is a smart bicycle taillight that makes traffic safer, helps you find your bike and has a lot of useful features.
A small device which you can attach to any surface to make it a touch enabled system with varying screen size.
It's a recumbent trike, a pedal car, and the most stylish thing you've ever seen.  Optional electric assist = fun.
Our product is TalkON - A Smartphone Micro USB Charger that fits on your key ring and gives your phone 1 to 2 hours of extra talk time!
Ingenious portable scale for all kind of gas cylinders.
The secret is out.  Raycore is hardcore.
Hardcore play, hardcore light, everywhere you want to go.
We empower people and communities to grow their own organic and fresh food at home with our Smart Hydroponic Growing System:  Vios.
Noteu amplifies your smart phone with richer music and keeps on top of things that are important to you online.
TAPIT adds Tactile Programmable Buttons to your smartphone. Allowing you to do common stuff easily, with just one click away!
Our product will speed up the average time it takes to play a round of golf and make even the most frustrating rounds more fun.
Ty is our RECHARGEABLE, BTE 4.0 answer to keeping your things where they belong – with you.
A reverse flushable water filter that needs no cartridges for the home and the field removes micro viruses.
The SUN at your door ! Go GREEN TODAY !
Snap Sideclick onto your streaming remote and control your TV, sound, and streaming device with one hand.  Ditch the other remotes.
A powered docking station to charge, protect, and display your Vive Controllers.
Remotely control Bluetooth enabled devices such as smart phones, laptops, lights, locks and much more.
It's a Shade, it's a Light, its BottleBrite!. Simply place the BottleBrite onto any bottle. Voila! You have light.
Has your phone ever run out of battery when you needed it? Or is the sun ever in your face when you're relaxing? We present TripleS!
I invented what has been called the "swis army knife" for a guitar! Its a beautifully handcrafted piece of art and an awesome tool!!!
Talelight is the world’s first-ever electronic bumper sticker that lets you share your social mode right on your vehicle.
To protect all professional jewelry makers.
Alpha-numeric modules powered by a new breed of Intel Edison motherboard, helping to solve IoT design challenges.
Out and about?  Phone dying?  Don't panic!  Come in and use   our simple chargers to CHARGE UP at any participating ReCharge location!
The RoTa-Tip 360 is the world's first roller tip that offers a complete 360 degree rotation. The roller tip that swivels 360 degrees.
The safest, fastest, and most efficient way to edge your lawn. The Shark Tooth Edger is easy to install and store.
Following our campaign, a portion of each sale will go towards helping developing communities in Mexico 
 {westand.diekinetics.com}
MATE loves magnets. Who doesn't? This simple accessory gives MATE's patented functionality to any Bic lighter!    STOP LOSING LIGHTERS!
The first bicycle safety system combining smart bike lights and a fitness app that will notify your loved ones in case of an accident.
Turn your Vacuum into a WetVac. If you have pets or small children, you need a Spill Mate. Light weight, easy use, clean up is a snap.
PhoneFob allows those with push button start cars to leave their key fob at home by attaching the fob's circuit board to your phone.
The practical, all-in-one LOST AND FOUND solves the common problem of locating frequently misplaced items in the home or workplace.
Do you enjoy fishing? Then check out the GenieJar!  A must have for the active angler of any age or level of experience.
Bicycle lights with or without solar panel: front and rear lights,turn signals,horn,USB charger and reflection foil for extra safety
We are raising a total of AUD 15,000 to manufacture and market the Salutoo Skins World Cup Edition.
The Stuff Stopper prevents stuff (food, toys, dirt) from going beneath your appliances.  Simple, Affordable and looks great!
BoozeBots are the ultimate cocktail machines for the home or business. Just connect your ingredients, and let BoozeBot do the rest.
The perfect scotch tape Partner never lose the end of the tape again
MiracleFone device triggers a rescue call to your phone giving you the opportunity to politely exit an inopportune conversation
The pop_top is designed to achieve significantly better health outcomes for people who sit for long periods of time.
Handi-Tag is an easy to use problem solver for displaying and storing your disabled parking permit tag. No more hanging tag on mirror.
It’s a compact, simple to use, garden and tree watering system designed for myself but one I would like to produce and sell to others.
This smile maker and conversation piece will become a hit with  taverns, bars (and customers), distilleries and breweries.
Premium Wooden Wireless Charger Assembled in America -
Qi Compatible
Transform your home, studio, theater or party with Brilli. Use Brilli to enhance your visual experience with dynamic colors.
Shadeze Privacy Phone Covers - shield your phone from sunlight and prying eyes!
Enjoy cool refreshing water in your swimming pool all summer long!
We didn't reach target.
Our next step is to lower the cost of the product and sell it via another channel ... 
go to www.Petguard.co
Ever been angry at something you see on TV (your team losing)? Physically do something about it and let your TV show it. Amazing fun.
RC Doorstop will help 109 million renter's in America avoid break ins with this ( Remote Control Doorstop with alarm. PS. Patent Pendin
Ultimate Cold Weather Protection for Dog's! USB charged Lithium ION battery operated Dog Heating Vest with optimized “3-Heating Zones”.
With one simple twist, the world’s most versatile tablet mount locks into place for easy use in your every day life.
A gadget that will make it safe to charge and power almost anything from a USB outlet. Love your stuff and power them safely!
Flasher is a pocket spotlight that brings your mobile snaps and video recording experience to ultimately new level!
The world’s first waterproof protection bag for smartphone that allows underwater operation of the touchscreen.
MEGA SOLAR LIGHT POWER PLUS, CHARGES FASTER THAN ANY OTHER SOLAR LIGHT, LASTS LONGER THAN ANY OTHER SOLAR LIGHT, CHARGES ANY USB DEVICE
An amphibious surfboard that is as much fun riding down to or around the water, as out in or on the water.
Creating the first wirelessly controlled RC Electric Outboard Trolling Motor to be used on kayak, canoes, inflatable boats & rafts.
The Line Buddy is used for deploying / retrieving the line from a safety float to a scuba diver in a safe and hands free efficient way.
Track your vehicle with the beautifully designed, easy to use, and no maintenance fee LOC LOC device
Get involved and empower vulnerable women. Help these marginalized citizens to become independent through income-generation
The World's Best Vintage Styled Electric Bike Ever!
Imagine if you could take a 20-minute hot shower virtually anywhere you like, using just three litres of water...
The intelligent Docking station for your iPad
/
Convierte tu iPad en una estación de trabajo con intéligenDock
One Hour of Sunlight for up to 13 Hours of Battery Time. Not only is it gorgeous, but also comfortable and eco-friendly.
Very inexpensive 3” video screen. Download messages- instructions-pictures- business videos.  Website supported - easy to use features.
A Swingstick gives you a walking upper-body workout, incredible traffic visibility, stress reduction and reassuring canine protection.
PhoneCatcher means you’ll never need to worry about dropping, damaging, losing or having your mobile phone stolen again.
NeverSnooze is a two-piece alarm clock designed to wake up your inner morning person.
Kein Fixie o. Singlespeeder, aber es trifft die Idee von beiden und macht sie dank unserer Elektromobilitätserfahrung alltagstauglich.
An inexpensive alternative to a FLIR thermal camera. Scan surfaces quickly and precisely for thermal anomalies!
Start taking #Selfie and record video remotely. No app required. Just sync it via bluetooth & take pictures of you, friends and family.
Be Seen, Sooner!  Safety device for Cars, Motorbikes, Vans, etc, designed to help prevent rear-end collisions, keeping drivers safe.
The Drop is a water saving device encouraging conservation at the faucet. Develop habits to outlast the drought! Save for the future!
A device that reminds you to put the toilet seat down so your wife doesn't go for a swim at 3am and then stays mad at you.
The 303 SS pen is a machined pen that sports a sleek design and blends functionality with style.
Bike Angel is a high precision tracking device. Through wireless connectivity it's always on the watch to tell you where your bike is!
A Time of flight (radar like) distance sensor with class 1 (eye-safe) laser proximity sensors and open iOS sdk; you add imagination.
We're creating a simple yet effective way to minimize distractions and increase visibility on the road! Introducing the Mirror Buddy!
Zbracelet is a sophisticated bracelet that elegantly incorporates technology to make daily life easier for the fashionista on the go !
A shutter integrated into a phone case for privacy and "one-touch" applications.
Multiple camera's that are plug and play for any 12v DC power system
Help us get this safety device into the hands of Law Enforcement Officers across the country
A stylus-mouse hybrid for increasing productivity and fun!
Clean Living with Geek (or Kids) Trivia makes toothbrushing and hand washing a blast!
I am making a Rocket Bicycle so that I may be a Rocket Bicycle Pilot.
QLite Pro EZ Grip LED Floodlight for Smartphones helps you take great photos & videos and scan documents in any lighting environment.
Keep adventure alive after sundown. Super-bright 4,000 lumens of warm, 360° light. Ultra-durable, waterproof, portable & rechargeable.
PowerDrive is the World’s 1st MFi Lightning USB Drive with power bank supporting iPhone and iPad with either Lightning or 30 pin cable.
BluTule is a wireless motion sensor that notifies you on your smartphone.
Miniature stackable circuit boards with a low-power Cortex M4 core, IMU, high resolution OLED display and much more.
The MIDI Thing is an impressive bridge device that connects wirelessly any of your MIDI instruments to your mac or iOS device.
We're creating the first affordable Carbon Fiber hybrid Longboard.
Super thin, strong and light with a perfect W-concave.
Charge your phone wirelessly, store data in a super powerful SSD and stay connected with capacious power bank inside
APPLE PIE - The First USB-C Portable Charger for iPhone, iWatch & New MacBook - Sync & Charge All Apple Devices Also for Android & PC
World first stick on controller buttons
Bekey enables you to send keys with your phone. The key can open your apartment building's front door and your own door.
Laser points to target when addressing the ball. At the point of impact, the laser should hit that same target for straight shots.
With Message from a Bottle you can send a message in a bottle. But what's even better: you will also GET a message from a bottle!
∞-ICE! provides portable infinite icing or heating using wall plug power, or 12V power from your car, or portable 12V battery.
The Carseat Reminder sounds (the sound of a baby crying) whenever the drivers side door is opened. Easy to use, easy to save a life.
Current CPU cooling relies on inefficient passive cooling. Active cooling with refridgerant cools at -24C/-11F for better overclocking!
TimedTrap- live action team based games where players discover clues,solve puzzles in 1 or more rooms in order to escape in 60 minutes
Our sensor goes under your mattress and wirelessly controls your alarm. You can't accidentally shut it off until you're up & out of bed
Finding friends in a crowded place is hard. So we have made a device that can find your friends simply, quickly and autonomously.
Tiny LED lights paired w/ BC App mark your trail giving you the peace of mind to enter/exit the woods quietly & safely in the dark.
You'll Have No Excuse To Be Dehydrated, With The World's Simplest Way To Remind You To Stay Hydrated -  The Hydroid.
Track your pet's location in real-time from your mobile device anytime, anywhere! Today's tech for intelligent owners.
The rapping skeletal planchette is a fully functional "ouija board" planchette (pointer), yet it can "rap" when it selects a character.
Clip Wheresie to child's clothing and pair to iOs smartphone app on parent or caregiver. Keep baby safe and close or watch from afar.
Reinventing the Art of toothbrush design - Super-high Performance,  Much Longer Battery life & Personalized to several Styles & Designs
Customizable, hackable real-time display used to inform you of notifications, tasks, metrics, emails and many more!
Help us build a prototype for our Skyline Modular PC - a fully modular PC. That works with standard PC parts! Long Live the PC!
It's a HLT / MLT / Kettle all-in-one gas/electric all grain home beer brewing system and it will be scalable to any batch size :)
Slim down your wallet. Extend battery life. Charge wirelessly. qronoCase is everything you need to maximize the iPhone® — with style.
Total POM is a Bluetooth/GPS enabled item finder that gives you Total Peace Of Mind. Total POM comes with a custom app for your iPhone.
Wave your hand for a soft gentle timed light - just enough light, but not so bright that you fully awaken yourself or your partner
The Link is a small, portable and rechargeable device that converts any wired speaker into a wireless Bluetooth® speaker system.
Test gold, silver or other non-magnetic coins or bars to identify counterfeits.  Learn about the conductivity of different elements.
Your iPhone runs 3x as long and is 3m waterproof protected in DURA CASE! Dein iPhone läuft 3x länger und ist 3m wasserdicht geschützt!
This Patented Decorative light system is a unique Christmas Tree topper.however it is more than that.and can be made in any shape
Yearly(USA) there are 500,000 backing accidents that cause 15,000 injuries and 500 deaths. This device will eliminate these accidents.
Increase your side visibility drastically with Auroras Light. A true 360º lighting solution for your night riding safety.
The first portable pump designed specifically to inflate fat bike tires.
Manufacture "Rack Filler Devices" - 19" panels that are funny  novelty items for musicians' equipment racks
Dispositivo náutico que se coloca en el ancla al fondear. Sirve para detectar y avisar del garreo. Barato y simple. Patentado.
Android and iOS USB Cable with SafeCh@rge button. Plug your phone or tablet in for a charge with data blocking and a peace of mind.
The first all-inclusive, networked saltwater tank monitor that will provide readings on pH, nitrate levels, salinity, ammonia and temp.
Show the world that you are a KICKSTARTER backer...
The worlds wide first shoulder strap innovation, “that does not hang around…”
CycloShield is a comprehensive electronic system for passive safety, which helps commuters and sports people to have a safer experience
I have an idea to make an asphault riding board. There are just a few parts left, for me to be able to build it. Then we all can.
First universal lighter case, includes two models with bluetooth spark generator and piezoelectric spark generator. Mobile App included
See blind spots in traffic & parking lots. Make driving easier & safer! It's a camera mounted on your car like a satellite antenna.
A Snapper Turbine Jet Mower for demonstration purposes.
Five minutes of perfectly steady controlled steam to open your pores for a deep cleanse.Portable/Compact perfect for traveling & dorms.
The universal keychain phone stand and tripod mount.
Wibou and a smart phone. Protect your car. Affordable, fast and easy.
The Baby Focus is a detachable rattle for all mobile phones which allows you to take great photos of your child or pet every time.
I wish to make an awesome lamp, based on the Redstone Ore, from Minecraft.
A USB device designed to notify you of anything on your computer or on the internet.
Removable locking system for MacBook 12"/Air/Pro, no adhesive, no screw, patent pending design with optional MacBook 12" Hub
The Hurricane is a voice-activated DJ with artificial intelligence. It learns and plays the music you like to hear.
The world's simplest & creative smart bluetooth device, makes your iphone dual phone numbers, powerful as well as affordable.
Remove your outdated headphone wire and plug in the Spiro X1. The Spiro X1 is the reinvented headphone "wire" for the 21st century.
Networked File Server to USB Disk Converter for Media Players
MOVOBall is a Motion Sensing Cradle that connects a GymBall to your SMART Phone and Devices to play games and fitness applications.
Save your bike! It's easy to forget your bike is on the roof rack.  Don't pay the price for forgetfulness, get Black Dove.
This tool is poised to revolutionize how we accomplish one of the most dangerous, dirty, and disliked chores of all: gutter cleaning.
A revolutionary approach to child-resistant packaging!
                        Keeping our children safe!
Container gardeners can now forget to water their plants and still have dazzling flowers and tasty vegetables.
One of a Kind, Micro-Controlled Ceiling Fan Module, That Integrates with Android and iPhone Devices Using Bluetooth
Cut the cord, with Pocket Dock-It.  Portable.  Simple.  Clean.  The one-piece wall docking smartphone charger!  Leave your cables home.
Quick Stance Tool-Less Adjustable Snowboard Binding System is for everyone from the beginner to the best including adapive riders!!
Introducing a Health and Multi-Functional Work Station that will boost your ergonomic posture and bring minimalist style to your desk.
I am a soon to start university student who has an aspiration of creating useful and visually appealing apps/games for everyone!
Every Day, thousands of people run into each other and get hurt while using their smartphone. Our DistShield Cases will prevent that.
ETON PRO combines the stylishly practical iPhone wallet with absolute security for RFID enabled cards. Keep it simple while stay safe.
Always have compressed air when you're on the trail with your ATV or UTV. No moving parts, inflates tire in 6-10 seconds.
Fermentropy Devices is a project to merge my three passions in life: beer, woodworking, and gadgets.
Our biodegradable, nontoxic trap kills large numbers of mosquito and fruit flies to prevent Zika, West Nile Virus and other diseases.
Our new fishing product is a unique buoy management system to allow storage and hands free deployment of a marker buoy from your boat.
Slick Shotz -
The only heat sealed and legal-to-carry flask!
Cutting edge, green garden water treatment -50% Water Savings, No Chemicals - CAMPAIGN ALMOST OVER -CONTRIBUTE NOW WHILE YOU STILL CAN!
A floating snorkel that stretches out allowing the swimmer to dive deeper and still have fresh air!
Use it everyday as a general purpose stand for your mobile device. Use it as a scanning stand when you need to scan documents.
Turns your wood stove into an electricity generator.

No moving parts, reliable, practical, efficient, simple.
Project build of a total green energy power core using the latest solar tech for portability.
Hand free wired microphone audio cable for headphones. You will never have to hold the microphone close to your mouth anymore.
STOP LOW BATTERY ANXIETY! Our Qi-Now Wireless Cell Phone Charging Travel Wallet! Works with Apple and Galaxy Phones! Stay @ 100%
Help us give you all an excellent gift for the new year.
This simple cap can save millions of gallons of water world wide, by just screwing a plastic cap onto any outdoor tap that is leaking.
Help me fund development for my prototype Child or Pet audible car alarm system.
QUBE is the world's first smart trash can that helps you recycle using innovative technology. 

QUBE is the trash can of the future.
Convert your Smartphone and Tablet into a Hologram! Watch movies, videos, portrait, pictures and more!
META is the first tablet case that protects while adding clever and simple functionality.
Carbon Fiber Case for those that need a functional, watertight, light weight and extremely strong place to place your goodies.
We don't dream. We drive the future for safe driving.
All-Day Mobile Internet in 100+ countries for $2 per day.
Built into an extended battery case for iPhone 5 & 6.
Monitor EKG, EMG, GSR, Spirometry
Personal Trainers, people that want to live a healthier lifestyle, or just to learn!
The Orbital Steam Tip creates a true circular motion, empowering the barista with a tool to fully incorporate air, steam, and milk.
Kids, adults & seniors can go green, live sustainably & eco friendly by saving water, energy & money in the home with new technology.
This is a folding camping grill with the original air flow design and ability to cook while burning a fire.
Live accurate wind data from your stand alone Wi-Fi wind data. Simple Setup. Become part of a growing global community.
COF-WI is a smart device that gives you control of your coffee maker with your smartphone. You can prepare up to 6 coffees autonomously
HOPE FOR CLEAN WATER is for helping people who are exposed to unsafe water with innovative electrolysis water purifier ‘Infinityihope'
Hi-Tech cane with "panic" button, heart-rate monitor using cell phone and Bluetooth. Works anywhere there is a cell signal
KiddieRail is a height adjustable hand rail of the right size for little children to help them manage the stairs more safely at home.
Virtual reality is expensive, here is the solution. I've created a VR device out of cardboard. I present: World's cheapest VR Device.
A cool smart laser pointer for presenting professionals. Unique by design, widest functional coverage for both IOS and Android.
Animals knocking over your waste wheeler making a mess on trash day? The S.A.D.L. will help prevent that from happening!
Before Dick Armstrong passed away unexpectedly in 2003, he invented an AxleCrutch device to help his customers-his idea lives on today.
Max 5Tb storage, Wired lan, Additional USB ports and Hi-res DAC, 10000mAh battery, Real portable docking station
Litter-Buddy is great economical alternative to leading pet waste disposal systems with cartridge bag elements.
Our device eliminates WiFi range issues with your connected devices by allowing you to locate our device where you will use your WiFi.
Use Little Occhio to see and share the hidden secrets of nature. Capture, share awesome photos, works with iPhone/Android/tablets.
Thinking Cleaner is an add-on for your iRobot® Roomba® 700/800 that makes it smarter and aware of its owner.
Toch Smarturns: Adding intelligence to your kitchen to keep you safer
Finally an air vent cellphone holder that does not obstruct the Air to you, and keeps your cellphone safe from damaging temperatures.
How do magnets work? What about lasers? Introducing Potato, a Wheel alignment tool specialized for aligning whatever you want, really.
The first device that allows you to produce electricity for your home already now by using Double Glazing window with our technology
Custom " MP3 " Audio Infant Headrest
Smart Alarm
fire 
smoke
security
easy
safe
practical
solution
Rescue chargers are one time use emergency power packs for iPhone and Android. 
Never be caught un-prepared in an emergency situation.
This is a must have if you watch TV in bed. How many times have you lost your remotes in the sheets? How many remotes do you have?
Get a full body workout that is constantly challenging your core with this simple, revolutionary fitness tool!
Tempro is a miniature wide dynamic range multi-purpose smart thermometer; a gadget with scientific grade temperature readings.
Oh, Puck! is a wireless device that connects with your cell phone to report motorcycle crashes to emergency services and family.
Take control of your health below the belt with kGoal Boost.
The inexpensive WiFi enabled device that notifies you if the temperatures you care most about are getting out of line
Ever ran without storage on your iPhone? Wanted to stream a DVD to your iPad? Time machine for your iPhone? Hubo can do all of that!
SMART shopping HANDLE lowers the pressure on your fingers by 75%!
The Tempus One is a compact, open-source, and portable environmental monitor that can measure 16 different variables.
The World's FIRST Universal Remote Phone Case: for your most used devices. TV, Cable, Satellite, Apple TV, Garage Remote, Gate Remote !
Charge your phone with style - be on bike - the invisible USB charger for your bicycle - Bluetooth sensor for tour logging
Automatically sterilize your bathroom every time it is used!
CordCase, rugged & always connected, recoilable 3 Ft long USB charge/sync cord built into the Case for iPhone 5,5s & iPhone 6, 6 Plus
My fellow disabled vet and I were working on this before he was killed.  I need help finishing it to honor him and our work.
The CHIRALCARD  is a product designed to help organic chemistry students understand the basic of chirality.
Exposed to just 8 minutes of natural or electrical light to fully charge GLOAID products to give hours of glow in darkness.
This battery powered LED nightlight lights up when you need it, and turns off when you leave. Plus, your pets don't trigger it.
This is an emergency Aquarium heater that can be used during a power outage when heat is needed to keep your pet alive at a low price.
The ETV is capable to cross any terrain.(dirt,snow,water, mud...) The ETV can be operated by any level of driver! (The Demon Machine)
Never again spill drinks on your desk with the Cup Holster! The Revolutionary new desk cup holder that holds your headphones too!
Red Karaoke Mic is the first portable microphone developed for smartphones, tablets & PCs, with HI FI sound & professional connectors
Holovect.  It draws with light in air from files and code you create.
The ‘Must Have’ organisational tools. So Great you'll wonder how you ever lived without them!
If you want peace of mind, knowing that your family is safe while they are at home, school, or work, then our product may be for you!
Our company created 3 SIM Card Adapters and we have 2 US Patents. They are meant to make SIM Cards universal, without data loss.
Ride headsUp! Feel like a fighter pilot on your motorcycle, without the risk. Display navigation and speed on YOUR helmet's windscreen.
Weigh & track ingredients. Weigh yourself and track your weight. Weigh your suitcase before you travel.
Secure your web accounts and access them instantly with just a fingerprint. Universal, fingerprint-protected auto fill anywhere you go.
Infinity consists of a personal eye view camera and a range of technology products that will intergrade with my games and social media.
New disk brake caliper design, SAFER, simpler, lighter, lower maintenance, looks cool. Patent Pending.
A groundbreaking, German-engineered, innovative gadget that will change the way you use your mobile devices
Eliminate a germ filled toothbrush with the use of simple diamagnetic levitation! Help Me Create A Prototype!
Alarm Clock that doesn't take NO for an answer!
Welcome to Andrew, with Andrew you can play your favourite mobile games at high speeds with a custom Android all re-done
Cutting the grass just got easier with fewer trips to the bin.
MCC research and development is the first step in the creation of a product that has potential to save lives and improve society!
Fits in the palm of your hand and easy to install, so you can secure your dwelling anywhere you go without contracts or monitoring fees
Brighten your way of life with BOOWLL® !
Decorative flashing LED lamps, colored or not, without batteries or power plug.
boowll.com
An iPhone cover that keeps your phone germ free!
Foneeyes is a earphone holder that combines utility, functionality and style in one piece.
Tiny and covert, highly integrated, design your own security screen layout and be alerted immediately if motion is detected.
The ultimate product for short or long dog walks; holds everything you need, including concealed, easy draw and store pooper scooper.
Style that's more than skin deep. A distinctive TITANIUM pen with unique Single Motion Activation - no click, twist or un-capping
Footwear for people who are willing and looking for a new experience.
The VIUD has been carefully designed, precision CNC machined, and ridiculously tested to be called the world's toughest USB drive.
You're thinking 'Yeah okay? Looks like a nice piece of woodwork; what right's it got being aligned in the technology section?' Gotcha!
Mousy is the world's smallest interactive cat toy. Engage with your cat like never before.
This is Luxafor - a USB light indicator that shows your colleagues your availability and notifies about important incoming information.
Let's use Evolutionary Algorithms to try to 'evolve' Gravity Wheel designs by Leonardo da Vinci into versions that work in real life.
Discover more efficient ways to plant and develop crops, maintain the needs for livestock, and reduce negative effects from farming.
While driving, cycling or just walking in the park with your baby stroller, Boolze will make sure that your phone is securely position.
A certified-doctor-approved design with preventing foot injury in mind. Orthopedically designed, they are Functional and Fashionable!
No more honking - this custom horn makes your car speak!
Fishing rods have not changed much in over a hundred years. The Angry Fish Rod will change how you fish forever...
ReString Theory aims to give guitar players and other musicians the tools and knowledge to ReString their instruments anytime anywhere
The PQ MINI is a revolutionary smart-charging device that can fit into the palm of your hand, equipped with 3 USB ports + 2 AC outlets
Record important phone calls directly into your Mac and PC. No fees, no 3-way call, no big brother. Simple, secure and private.
A compact drink master that can heat your coffee or cool your beer! Perfect for office, dinner table, or car w/an optional cup holder
Energy on the go for the masses . Leave those charging cords at home.
This new fun patent pending design laysack inflates in 10 seconds without the need for a pump or wind! Waterproof & resistant to cold!
FPOP will immediately tell if you have a fever, anywhere, anytime.
The Grinder Gadget is the only stand/charging station designed specifically for the poker table.
YUSCALE is the one and only product, capable to determine precisely the nutrition composition of a complete meal.
The revolutionary mobile batting practice system that can be used anywhere, provides real-time feedback to transform your swing.
USLC is a very useful little item that will make your key, cellphone, flashlight, wallet, ..., ..., ..., ! UNLOSABLE!
Revolutionary football training from NFL coaching legends in Virtual Reality. Get quality repetitions...all powered by your smartphone.
A large electronic programmable record/playback button that dogs use to communicate their most basic needs to their owners.
Revolutionary hand retention device with quick release capability worn on the wrist. Simply/Effectively holds on to anything for you !
Das Stille Örtchen richtig sauber und das in wenigen Sekunden? Demontage und Montage von Deckel und Sitz mit einem einfachen Handgriff!
The soap chip recycler is a machine that saves you money on your soap bill by providing means to grind soap down into liquid soap.
The HydroPacer is a portable IPhone based LED trainer that guides and paces you through workouts to maximize your swimming ability!
The STARFORCE PI is an Electronic Tabletop Mini-Arcade featuring microswitch controls, arcade video & audio, and a portable formfactor.
The Bumper Bot is a high tech device that allows your car to inform other drivers of their proximity to your car when they're parking.
Oddly satisfying, fully modular carbon fiber wallet that snaps open for easy card access. Securely holds cards. RFID blocking.
Das heated Golfbag erwärmt und trocknet die Griffe der Golfschläger. Dadurch hat jeder Spieler einen guten Grip und warme Hände.
Light up GMF aquarium ornaments in seconds. No wires or electricity inside tank.  Interactive Light,Sound, Motion & Bubbles Mobile App.
A joyful and secure link between parents and kids. Kids and parents will love it!
Dash Dome is  my vision to create a great product that's as attractive as it is convenient. A true hands free solution people will love
Newton Case is the thinnest wallet case available. It stores two cards, and allows you to swipe your credit card with an easy flick.
The game of beer pong is getting a makeover! Pongbot is a robotic twist on the ultimate drinking game.
TheMotionKit teaches motion (CNC) through a LEGO-like, do-it-yourself kit w/ a virtual classroom for makers of all ages & experiences.
A revolutionary ultra-lightweight carbon fiber iPad case with novel magnetic unit that's mountable anywhere and improves gaming!
Meet the pet of the future: KiQ will keep you organized and entertained at work and home.
Pre-sales end Sun, Jun 28 2015 12:00 PM BST. All those who have pledged will get their ErgSticks at this one time only discount.
Home intrusion in 6 seconds?  Need to sleep well at night? Install a Garage Defender asap!
The Leidenfrost Widget is a carabiner keyfob which can demonstrate the physics of a self-propelled water droplet
The simplest, most fashionable remote shutter connects to your phone. Be more relaxed,be more natural and show the world the real you.
GravBot provides experiential learning to students of all ages. Now you can experience the force of gravity on different planets.
A VELCRO® system were one side fixes to a device, and the other side to your desired location, eliminating unsightly brackets and cases
Brew beer at home with BrewTroller.  Automate, Control, Connect, and Brew!
Buzzarm is a smart warning device with an active anti-theft system that prevents pickpocketing. Invented in Ukraine for safer living.
Fed up with work getting in the way of your UAV flying? This plug and play infrared night flying module allows you to see in the dark!
Solve your input confusion at the push of a button with a learning remote that syncs your TV, cable box, HDMI & other A/V components!
Hi-Tech home scenting utilizing natural botanicals - Aromatherapy throughout a room, your entire living space or office!
www.strainee.com   Removing 1 foot of snow on your car is a painful job.  3 Minute Snow Cover will remove the snow in a few minutes.
Hex Pen, not only the future of technology, but the simplest way to do your work without hassle, stress, or breaking your budget.
Electric bicycle + cargo bike + tadpole tricycle + velomobile
People have been trying to preserve ideas for AGES.  The nFinity Project allows you to do just that - save what matters for THE AGES.
Vestia, the future of wine preservation!
Help me and my son make better can crushers and help clean up the environment at the same time.
Ultimate charge & sync cable for your iPhone, iPad, Android and Windows Phones, E-Books, Power Banks and more. MFi Certified.
The perfect companion for your Mac, the ExoHub seamlessly integrates with the iMac, Macbook, & Thunderbolt Display.
Device intended to lay by a boat's deployed anchor and launch a warning radio signal if the boat is dragged away from its anchor point.
Every dollar given preserves gizmos for future generations.
Cleaning our dog's dirty paws has never been so easy!
Strollbright is a simple, stylish, and practical way to make your stroller dramatically more visible and keep your precious cargo safe
The NEET Cable Keeper Go becomes a part of your earbuds, meaning there is no additional piece to carry and lose. No more pesky tangles.
Bumbl was designed to help prevent child heat stroke fatalities and work with any car seat model.
For the 1st time have your own Personal Referee to respond to game situations. Referee Ralph - An app enabled device for football fans!
These units were designed & built for storm victims. Insuring that families will have light, & a phone for contact with loved ones.
VIALAMP - Buy a light, and we give one to those who need it most. THIS VIALAMP OF MINE, I'M GONNA LET IT SHINE. More at MurdyGlobal.com
Lumino is the new way to wake-up! Turn your bedside lamp into a dawn simulator and control it with your smartphone or tablet.
2LOW is a PLUG and PLAY accessory for 4 wheel drive trucks that gives you 2 wheel drive low range at the push of a button.
Turn your cell phone into a Disco Ball! Easily clip disco ball over your cell phone flashlight for a disco ball light show anywhere.
Multi-Position Tablet Stand. Simple, Elegant form. Designed from YOUR point of view. Versatile, Durable, and Great for FaceTime chats.
eShare, comparte momentos, comparte energía.

Carga tu Smartphone desde otro dispositivo inteligente
MobiDo is the first mobile door opener. Easily open doors without touching the handle. Never again contact with dirty door handles.
This solar-powered mini greenhouse will protect plants from frost & provides an ideal atmosphere for seed germination and growth.
Hate burning your tongue on hot coffee or tea? 
We do too...

Please help us create this awesome gadget!
Parcel Nest is the postbox that evolved. A simple, secure & convenient way to receive your home delivered parcels.
BlowMeCool is a unique durable mini fan - it's rechargeable, small, quiet, and powerful enough to blow you cool from over 2 feet away.
Botanicaire is an indoor ecosystem designed to bring specialized nature into your life while removing indoor pollutants.
Your digital watchdog and sleuth.
Check you tire pressure at a glance, made of brass, attach to valve stem. Green= proper air, Red= 10% loss...air tire immediately.
Over 90 million people in the U.S. have trouble reaching items. The patent pending Reach@Ease would give them their independence back.
Black cyclists gloves with built-in indicator LED lights to enhance visibility during all hours when turning at in and out of traffic.
Lullafi’s innovation of sounds, vibrations + delta sleep waves create sensations babies feel, with simplicity + features parents love.
Off The Grid and Still Connected: Personal Portable Power When and Where You Need It.
Selfie Hitch, The only product on the market providing both guiding line and physical stop, aligning your hitch and ball, EVERY TIME.
Adventure freely and never run out of charge! Use any heat source to charge and power all USB devices.
RoofScope lets you monitor what you’re carrying on your roof rack - without taking your eyes off the road!
Good news for iPhone drivers: Ultra magnetic and charging support
Notification indicator that uses LED-based lighting to notify of any incoming calls, messages, e-mails or other app notifications
Hando is an innovative, patent pending robotic stabilizer for your smartphones such as iphone and GoPro...There's nothing else like it!
This device monitors whether or not a child came home from school on time and it can send alerts if someone opens the refrigerator.
The Comp Composite Box is a high-tech box made of cotton fiber epoxy composite and uses neodymium magnets to keep it securely closed.
CarAlert is a vehicle security accessory, designed to give you peace of mind at an affordable price when you're away from your
Portable, diet tracker, kitchen scale, bathrooms scale, large items scale, weight alert, cooking alert, occupancy alert and even more.
Portable charging device with 6 USB ports that performs like a charging station. It has a 40W Solar Panel and also a AC/DC Adapter.
Mini-Mole automatically cleans dust, fur, and debris that accumulates under sofas, TV stands, dressers, beds, and other furniture!
Give your kids a head start in school with this small, easy to setup, and powerful wifi router connected to a robust learning portal.
Vote with your roommates who can open the door. Simply press the green iGO or the red uGO button.
GetBetterStanding™ exercise relieves stress of prolonged standing. Workouts while working for an active body to go with an active mind!
In 1966 Walt Disney donated the much loved Midget Autopia ride to his boyhood hometown of Marceline.

It's time to bring it back.
Online date out in the real world, and be the star or your own romantic movie!
ultracompact, breathable, weather resistant lifestyle jacket, for cycling, running and flying as a stunt kite. Join us and get yours!
The Hitchhiker – World’s first accessory seat for lawn and garden tractors
A truly portable, ultra-high resolution monitor designed for the mobile professional
That ice cold air conditioned suit you always wanted. It also includes a powerful blower that filters air and attaches to anything.
An amazing new patented timepiece for all water-sport adventures. A simple design leads to versatility and unlimited uses for all.
15W of solar power built into a canopy sports chair. Charge your digital life. Perfect for the beach, camping, or sporting event.
A new tool for securing any extended load in your pickup like hauling sheetrock, lumber, motorcycles, kayaks and so much more!!!
Portable wireless solar power for all your mobile devices. Never run out of battery again.
Presenting the only putter that helps you read the putting green slope before you putt the ball. Precision has never been so easy.
Hitch Demon is a smartphone controlled micro-projector allowing you to display any image you desire to the back of your truck or SUV.
Loxet is a smartphone controlled proximity lock, anti-theft protection and sharing device for your car.
Smart and clever buit-in functions: Self Stick, PowerBank, Bluetooth Shutter, Flashlight, an Umbrella. With Notification App
Tactical Advantage-Peripheral Vision at night.
No dark places to hide...never be surprised again! Camping, Hiking, Home, Emergencies!
NZO (Neural Zoning Optics) sees what you see and gives you information from the web transparently and invisibly to help you succeed.
This warmer will 'make' (as in Heat/measure Formula/Heat Breast-milk.) Keep formula water at the right temp. and make Moms life easier.
Increases a tractor-trailer's fuel mileage by 6%.
Made from 85% recycled and re-purposed materials.
Patented and manufactured in NY.
The Holding Cell will change the way you Store and Charge your Phone when you are in Bed! It also converts to attach anywhere!
Babs is the first voice-controlled assistant designed to help people in the kitchen.
Can be placed over most smartphone,makes your face brighter more vibrant,wide-view shoot without using selfie stick,and rechargeable.
A vehicle accessory that goes beyond just safety, it adds protection to your vehicle that you've never had before.
A simple module that interacts with you through your phone or email letting you know when your washer or dryer is done running.
Automatically dispenses deodorizer each and every time a person sits on the toilet - US Patent #9,376,794
Sitting is the new smoking.
YouP is fresh air for your health.
Switch your habits with our inflating standing desk.
Stand up, YouP!
Prufen Cable Auto-Stops when detect (1)Overheating (2)Power Overload and (3)Current Surge.  It can also measure mAh of your power bank
'SEE' inside objects.  It is kind of like X-Ray vision.  No batteries and it will fit in a pocket.  Be the first to own one.
VirWind is a virtual reality device that creates wind flows and directs them at the user based on the current game or movie experience.
The world’s first wireless flash trigger for the iPhone. Now you can use speedlite or studio strobe with your iPhone.
SofaLift - Single handedly lift & move the heaviest of sofas. To clean or simply rearrange furniture
A fully automated module smart hydroponic garden that anyone can use to grow fresh herbs, vegetables, and berries all indoors.
Mount the sensor on a wheel hub for speed & acceleration, mount on a seat post for cadence & slope grade - %. Create your own solution.
The worlds first device designed to monitor the cycles on your garage door springs and alert you before the springs break.
A REVOLUTIONARY WAY TO CLEAN AIR
- up to 30sqm in your home, office, car or when you travel. We want to give you the power of clean air
A door activity alert USB device for home or apartment security that issues a bright LED burst of light when an entryway door opens.
An innovative, small form-factor digital sign. Can display animations, scrolling texts, and video from your PC and Mac.
Trimwiz Hydroponic Trimmer. Electric scissors for the Hydroponic Industry.
Snail is the first design charger in the world with a retractable cord for smartphones and tablets available in seven beautiful colors.
Fully Patented Award Winning. A hand washing timer that assists for proper hand hygiene per the CDC recommended time. infection control
This is going to be the coolest safety system for infants and toddlers at all outdoor and indoor sporting events
Night fishing has never been so bright without The Nightling Rod Fishing Pole. When you catch a fish, all eyes will see the fight.
A safe  infant/toddler tray that actually connects to the carseat(not the child), for picnics, and is adjustable and crash absorbant.
A simple to use USB-DMX lighting interface that works with free software allowing you to easily control DMX lighting systems
Charley’s Deadman Switch is a Single Action-Dual Control On and Off Device for Oxygen/Fuel Hand Torches used by Hot glass artist.
Protect your family from Identity Theft with the RetroLock,  an innovative new theft deterrent for your mailbox.
BustedShapes brings a new dimension to network and system design on / off the whiteboard
Li-Ion-LE stand for "Lithium Ionen lifetime extension".
Double the lifetime of Li-Ion mobile phone batteries and stable capacity.
A soundproof box designed to help you relieve stress and feel better. Our mission: Make the world a better place, one scream at a time.
Low Cost Save Water Quick Fix / Foot Operated Remote at Sink Cook Brush Teeth Shave / Home Foodie Chef Disabled / Eco Green Hands Free
Map Roamers help take the guess work out of map navigation.
Read and plot 6 figure grid references accurately using this tool.
The stir plate redefined.  Powerful, Advanced Stir Bar Retrieval Technology, and Frustration Free.  Don't brew beer without one.
Inventems: A rapid electronic design platform for students, inventors, and makers.  Interfaces with Arduino(TM) and littleBits(TM).
Play EVE Online in style with this fully functional USB game control panel. Fully configurable and completely awesome.
Nuevo concepto de embarcación con desplazamiento a partir
del uso simultáneo de la fuerza de piernas y brazos con pedales y pala.
Use your lamp anywhere you want without a wall outlet!
Time circuits BTTF collectibles ! A playfull and usefull gadget (Alarm clock, MP3 player, time travel) that all Fans dream about
RUGGED AS IT IS USEFUL. Recon 6 Watch: Compass, Signal Mirror, Can Opener, Fire Starter, Whistle, Cutting Tool, Fishing,  Flash Light
Noteu is a modern smart clock that streams your information on the web effortlessly all in one place at a glance and touch!
Spark-Away detects animals and generates a loud crackle & bright spark just like lightning - the one thing all animals are afraid of.
The SwivoL is a removable tablet holder, ergonomically designed to hold the tablet in the palm of your hand or use as a tablet stand
HAPPY MORNING. Time to Change! To Clean, Safe and  GermFree ECO-SHAVING. Everyday actions that help saving our natural resources.
Every 'empty' battery you throw away, actually still contains power.
A Battery Eater will empty it & will make you happy!
This product combines cell phone and key in one - so that you never loose or forget it!
PLAND - The real deal to play or work on the go.
Anywhere, play real games or work solid with PLAND, the mouse pad for laptop.
Finally, a universal, adjustable, and easy to use long board brake. Push your limits. With control at your feet, anything is possible!
The  "DeBooter" (TM)  a simple, innovative, easy off solution for removing your  Ski Boots after an epic day on the mountain.
The Tail Gater + is a multi-functional Hitch Attachment designed to simplify time wasting tasks, perfect for work, leisure & tailgating
A disposable self inflating safety device for marine activities. 
A retractable tie-down system for roof racks.
Third hand tool belt.
Give your bike an electric boost! eBob Trailers add electric drive and cargo space to any bike that takes a trailer hitch.
Motion-sensing technology with a 120-degree sensor, coupled together with a light-sensing function and an automatic switch.
Stop Guessing and Start Spüning with Spün - the world's most intelligent utensils! As seen on CNET, ABC, NBC, Fox, LA Times, TechCrunch
Due to the device's quality it could be awesome solution for those who want to simplify their life, including us of course!
A holder to improve Apple Pencil's functionality. Adjustable, creates a secure rest spot on iPad Pro and holds the cap while charging.
This is a universal powerhouse for any Manual wheelchair and not to be viewed as an electric wheelchair just a helping hand
Pix It is a small gadget device which uses a 5x7 LED dot matrix  to  display a movie you have created and downloaded from your computer
For patients or folks that have a gripping problem , Bigger is not necessarily better . This product allows one to feed themselves.
The Ultra Minimalist Case That Radically Changes iPhone Protection
Find anything & anyone. Anywhere. 
LightBug never needs charging & is always in range.
Solar Powered / GPS / Mobile Data / Bluetooth
DROIDSTIX is an inexpensive joystick for your Android device!
Light Eye the world's first bluetooth security light.
That will turn your smartphone into an mobile in or outdoor security camera.
This is a warship model that you can build with parts, motor and add radio control. Have fun sailing in a pond near you.
The world’s first nano-tech ipad mount which contains no glue to adhere your tablet to any non-porous surfaces without leaving a mark.
The PowerTower is the first device to organize and power computer peripherals and their cords. Six AC and four USB outlets.
A well designed neti pot that conveniently heats distilled water to body temperature for safe and easy use!
Convert your smartphone into a holographic projector. A creative device for learning, reminiscing, or just having fun!
You deserve to come home.
This is a super bright, rechargeable, portable led light for emergency, investigation, police, fire, construction, power outage
The most advanced & exquisite Apple Watch Case with a powerful power bank. The first case ever to provide space for additional bands.
The Line Minder is the latest in transportation tech. If you sit in long lines or wait in traffic, then this new gadget is for YOU!!!!
A spray for the back of any rug which will hold that rug in place leaving no transfer and will not damage any flooring.
Tape Boss records and plays back users voice to eliminate mistakes and increase efficiency on any project requiring a tape measure.
ServeAssist is a Tennis ball machine that allows a beginner or a seasoned pro practice the Tennis serve.  There is none like it ever!
GlideCycle is the world's finest running bicycle for everyone.  It is beyond a low impact elliptical—it is weightless running.
This BOOM stand adapter will give you a 360 degree turn radius around the boom pole, and 180 degree turn radius at the head.
An elegant and clutter-free charging dock for Apple Watch and iPhone. - Dual Charger.
groove it "The Foamy Club Scrubber" is an innovative, easy to use golf club cleaning tool you can use on the course, the range or home.
Green Shower Timer 4U is a colorful, waterproof, adult/kid friendly timer with flashing lights for a 5 min shower/2 min toothbrushing.
Parkis - a unique mechanical bicycle lift for parking bicycles in small spaces.
The world's first Electronic Heel Position Indicator training aid to help you keep heels down while riding your horse!
The first Iphone/Android charger with LED lights on both ends. Charging your phone in the dark has never been this easy!
Next-generation 3D holograms featuring color, true spatial depth, and medical-grade accuracy for your home or professional practice.
PROTOTYPE DEVELOPMENT for EREBETO -- Be taller in any shoe you love, accessible at an affordable price for everyone.
A device to assist people with ambulatory/mobility issues in safely entering and exiting their vehicles.
Store all your documents right where they belong.
QR based stickers to store your bills encrypted directly on the device.
V-DIAG is an OBD2 diagnostic device tied to an online platform that allows shops to bid for your service and save you money on repairs.
Durable and handy carabiner with multi tool capabilities engineered for your convenience and safety. Pledgers will receive a carabiner.
A waterproof speaker that is floatable or can attach to the pool. Using Bluetooth, you can listen to music in the pool or shower.
Team Sharp is presenting a mobile based security system that is geared towards motorcycle enthusiasts.
See before you catch!
Many have bad toilet habits. Potty Tutor is a toilet hygiene trainer. It  reminds everyone to lower the seat, flush, and wash.
A gadget that AUTOMATICALLY refills coffee machines with water when the water is too low so you don't have to!
A safer BBQ charcoal starter that lights the first time without lighter fluid and provides an easy transfer of hot coals to the grill.
A phone needs radio waves, a brain doesn’t. WaveRider allows your phone to receive the radio waves it needs but protects you from harm.
Mount systems that allow one light to act as your universal lighting source. All of your recreational activities can be done at night!
The world's first removable touchscreen that instantly transforms your smartphone into a glove friendly device.
Luggage that is more than a luggage! It is what you want it to be.
The evolution of radio communication.
Stuffing a hifi headphone amp into a guitar pedal. Play with all of your FX on your pedalboard without waking the neighbors!
The Only Razor That Shaves With & Against The Hair Grain Cutting Your Shaving Time By More Than HALF!
An external Bluetooth touch-screen keyboard.
A new product that provides a method to control and limit classroom and home cell phone usage
Light Technology that expresses your style. Transformable , Powerful and Endless light effects.  Enrich your night life.
This amplified cable reproduces the coil sound better than before  because the amplifier is in the guitar jack, next to the coils.
PetGo allows you to feed, snack or watch your pet from anywhere in the world on any device !
Automatically open your garage door using iBeacons - the new bluetooth positioning system for iOS & Android.
SousVant is a new sous vide cooking appliance for the home chef. More versatile and convenient than immersion circulators.
Brake Protec cleans disc brakes, meanwhile you are riding the mountainbike. Less, maintenance, cost and tons of fine dust into the air!
Drive safely! speeC-EZ lets you use your voice to control your Bluetooth connected smartphone and communicate totally hands-free
Award winning design-Go-Smart Racing and the larger 7m Silverstone layout awarded top accolade of "best track" UK Slotcar Festival 2016
Fun & Easy to use hand compactor that manages & create recycle space for plastic water bottles & household cardboard everytime its used
NON-PROFIT CAMPAIGN - Our ambition is to revolutionize the field of concentrated solar power through low cost microstructured foils.
SK8-Booster – The Lightest, Attachable and Most Affordable Revolutionary Electric Skateboard
A.S.R has been developed to let outboard owners know when their service time is needed.Flashes green light when ok,after 90 days red
World's First Electric Insertion Beach Umbrella!! Usb Smartphone Charger!!! 
No more stress on the beach, just relax yourself!
B  is an innovative concept of  Future Flying Car...
The newest wireless charger for your Maglite ® D-cell, with a simple Retrofit Kit, ready in seconds.
The Bin Flag! 
Support your neighborhood community! Join the Bin Flag movement! let your neighbors know your bin still has some room
NEW Patented Modular Technology. Only replace the power module, NOT the entire bulb! The most GREEN LED light bulb on the market today!
Unique and durable luggage for motorcycles including Triumph Bonneville (02-17), with more applications to come.
Protect the protruding lens of your new iPhone 6 and remove the wobble when placing it on a flat surface with Lens Tab.
Watching live mobile HDTV on a notebook, tablet, smartphone,or other portable device has gone from daydream to mainstream. Cut The Cord
GoGoMedic™: The world's first Medical ID that can be viewed on Android Phones/Tablets & PC/Mac for fast medical help in an emergency.
HoopLite is an automated drum lighting systems that listens and reacts to your playing.  Multiple patterns to choose from.
A USB-rechargeable, slim, and compact flashlight that is designed with the same profile of your everyday devices.
Your own personal battery-powered LED sign
The Adventure Field Journal is an all-in-one outdoor notebook for every explorer at heart.
FREE one year supply of refills with every device for all Kickstarter backers.
A temperature monitoring device that alerts you if your refrigerator reaches an unsafe temperature for safe food consumption.
6' Fishing rod with a measurements on it. let's spread responsible fishing.
We've built the best affordable folding eBike ever made. Fully featured, fully assembled at an unbeatable price point.
Basecamp Deluxe is a compact Apple Watch Dock with built-in bluetooth speaker, LED nightlight, 4 usb ports, & nightstand mode
Here it is! The Smart, Open Source and Cool Clock! Frontally, a clock, in the back, anything you want!
Have you ever lost something? Next time, get it back with GoReturnMe. Apply our tag to your item and create a reward. Our tags protect!
The USBe Safe allows you to safely charge your mobile device via USB ports in public places or on private PCs. What's on your phone?
Get more energy from your coffee. The ThermaCharge uses the thermal energy from hot beverages to charge any USB powered device.
Paint your toys on the iPhone — And see how they come to life inside Bonobox.
Pioneering, bridge, tower, knots, lash, whipping, splicing, model, ,Raft, Rope, Pole, Lord of the Rings, Hobbits, Noah, Indiana Jones
Help us in our efforts to fight the Obesity Epidemic & to promote Fitness & Wellness around the world, with our DYMO FLEX  “BE THE ONE”
Do you know who’s watching your screen? Detect unexpected visitors while you're working or playing on a PC.
6 teenagers die in car crashes every day in the US.
We are working to encourage safer driving habits one driver at a time.
Everyday there are thousands of Bike Share riders.  Never worry about where to carry belongings or purchases safely and conveniently!
A snap on shower water temperature device that accurately shows you your shower water temperature.
qBiq is an Internet of Things (IOT) Wi-Fi device that easily connects everyday objects and spaces in your home or office to the web.
Wudumatic, provides the exact volume of water required to perform the small ablution,avoiding waste of water according to Islam.
A patented safe that provides an additional level of protection for your valuables when stored in a locker at work, school or the gym
Helping homeowners become cooler night-time mowers, and reducing pollution one lawn at a time.
Looking to make a self sufficient solar/electric bicycle/tricycle or similar with long range as the main goal.
iSmile, Selfie Remote. Premium quality and thin. Waterproof (IP67). 2-year battery life. 6 designs.
The read case not only protects your smart phone, but also turns into a stable platform for Apps the need stability
The Chirp is made to keep your bike safe!  When you enable the Chirp, it will alarm with the smallest vibration.  No more surprises!
Finally a light for your Skateboard, Longboard, or Pennyboard so you can stay safe, be seen in the dark and it also looks sweeeeeeet!
I have the Key ingredient to Creating Perpetual Energy
Use your phone where no phone has gone before. 
Portable Waterproof Speaker dock for smartphones with full smartphone accessibility.
Patent Pending. Increase flexibility to spine, strengthen back muscles, develop core strength and open chest area for better posture.
Rex is a pet collar that gives new meaning to the barrel on the collar.  Instead of life saving whiskey, He will keep your cell online.
The first and most effective bag to stop the fire and remove toxic fumes from exploding lithium powered devices such as hoverboards!
A unique card presentation with custom backgrounds that can be shared and changed remotely. A card that you can light up and hand out.
What is PowerOak?
The PowerOak, is an incredibly lightweight, portable energy generator that uses foldable solar panels.
Miniature steering wheel system for a motor vehicles.
A digital amplifier that upgrades your current headsets with better sound, active noise cancellation and connects your phone wirelessly
Music is for EVERY Soul. Give a gift of music to your pet. PetPhone is designed especially for pets. And it looks COOL.
This product incorporates a portable battery into the wall unit of a phone charger. This allows both to be charged at the same time.
The Firelight is the worlds first dedicated survival flashlight. If Tom Hanks had this in Cast away, Wilson would've never been born.
The MagFish wire pulling kit provides an innovative solution to running speaker wires, CAT 5 and Coax cables inside walls and ceilings.
iFREE CASES- The World's First iPhone Cases with Built-in Battery Charger, Retractable Ear Phones, Mic, Kick Stand and Selfie Cases.
Our goal is to give homebrewers precise control of their brewing temperature and add consistency to their finished product.
Wimbag is a small tracking device that allows you to know in every moment what's happening with your luggage.
Innovative new golf tee.  Just point it and hit the back ball.  The golf ball always travels in the direction of the arrow.
First ever All-in-one SmartPhone Wallet, Mount, Stand & Grip - BakPak brings Wallet, Magnetic Mounting, Perfect Grip and Stand in one.
We know that you loved video games as a kid, but now that you are the parent - whoa....different story.  MediaLeash is here to help!
Improve your safety with Help-flash, the magnetic emergency light & portable lamp 360º. Make your vehicle visible from long range
Introducing the RAVERR, an all-new design and an all-in-one functionality battery case for your iPhone 5/5C/5S/6.
Ultimately I'll be creating a computer system that not only observes insects, but interacts with them, thus driving further discovery.
iDIFR was designed to give the Consumer the choice of how or even "if" the RFID hidden in the things they own can be used.
The Media Traveler will allow any of your portable devices to access all of your media wirelessly, anywhere, on the go.
BATTERY LOW NEVER AGAIN !
ECOlibri 2.5 is portable wind powered USB charger. Power your smartphone or USB device wherever it is windy.
Simple to use GPS mapping of radiation environments. Measure it, track it, log it! Many other uses too!
No more roadkill ! Prevent roadkill by using the RoadKillBat !
It knows WHEN you park. It knows WHERE you park. It sets a reminder by ITSELF to alarm you before you risk getting a parking ticket.
New technologically advanced super charger creates greater engine efficiencies (better mpg, performance and lower emissions).
A smart propane tank transport case - virtually eliminates the tank from rolling around in your vehicle & doubles as a cooler & chair.
This machine will talk to Dolphins in their own native language, Dolphinese, a complex sound image language.
Lightbox, " The light that brightens your way".
Fundraise money to build a computer library that will be equipped with computers and internet.
A new electronic device that is installed in your vehicle, that can assist motorists PRIOR TO & DURING Police Initiated Traffic Stops.
Hire rates up to £400 / 4hrs, photobooths can be profitable - but expensive to buy. My plans let you create low cost units and more
Low cost smart phone control of your garage doors, fireplace, pool heater, sprinklers, sump pump, lights, and it's a security system!
Shaving blade sharpening system with p.p.t. technology extending the life of any shaving blade or cartridge for an entire year of use.
Power strips and extension cords have their place, but not on your computer table.
Bring the power forward! Bring the power to you!
Chill up to 6 warm beverages at a time down to ice cold in under 5 minutes, and keep a constant supply of cold drinks coming!
Make your night dreams a vital part of your life. Take conscious control of the experience. Fulfill your desires & remember clearly.
Speak a phrase into your smart phone, it appears on your digital sign.  Instantly!
WC Caddy, LLC's Kewler Kooler. Join one mans effort to end Veteran Homelessness in the USA.
Pet's sometimes need to go for a ride.  A Hot car can be deadly- let everyone know you will be in and out QUICK- and no need to worry!
Grow highly nutritious livestock feed - at an affordable price!
A Golf Putting aid that sits inside a Golf Cup. Provides a back stop to the golf cup affording a larger target to aim for when putting.
Introducing Toddy Cables, world's first charge & sync cables for your smartphone that you can personalize. Yes, make it truly yours!
A revolutionary new lock design which combines features from both ancient and present locks into a tamper proof lock of the future.
this will shutoff your main water line if it detects leaks, preventing lost water due to unknown busted pipes, and flood damage.
Our product will protect and prevent scrapes, scuff's, gouge's, or defacement of expensive wheels purchased to beautify vehicles.
Imagine transforming your 2 wheel drive / open differential vehicle to an offroader in minutes under 100 Dollars.
Sleek, modern, mobile, ergonomically-designed computer/tablet stand creates optimum functional and stylish mobility.
Be the first who will to paint a painting on it.
To create a simple easy to use device that will enable someone in distress or a victim of bullying or abuse to alert nominated contacts
ScopeCam attachment allows higher megapixel rear camera to be used as front camera = Higher Resolution selfies and face time.
The Razor Butler is a new accessory wich fundamentally extends the life of your expensive razor blades. Save money and the environment!
Smitch is a smart switch that you can install in seconds.
Smitch is compatible with most of USA light switches.
Have you ever just stood next to your shower fiddling with the nob for minutes until it’s the perfect temperature?
Monitors temperature, humidity and your alarm system in your second home. Text or email alerts will be sent if it detects a problem.
Finally a hands free, attachable LED flashlight. Fitting in the palm your hand.  Shining light everywhere you go.
An extremely user-friendly child’s video player toy device designed to play bed time stories/songs, video messages or other video files
NET is a trade show exhibiting all that is new and exciting in Technology, Business, and Design.
Protect your mobile while charging in public spots and earn reward points
LED headlight incorporated into the bicycle stem; has a swivel mount so the light can be aimed on the fly. Uses li-ion battery in stem.
A series of eBooks that help everyone to understand the latest technology and make informed buying choices.
Cycling, walking, running are activities we go to great length to keep visible and safe. Safety beacon alerts drivers that we are near.
Navigation intuitive et sécuritaire pour motos et voitures / Safe and intuitive navigation for motorbikes and cars
The tranga-fit is an extremely simple device for maintain the crutch in the vertical position when non use it for walk
The First Ever 24/7 Remote Body Thermometer. Measure the body temperature also from another room! Great for sick children or elderly.
The Me-PEN Stylus Memory will maximize the creative experience & free the imagination!
The Grail is a Carbon Monoxide/Natural Gas/Propane detector/alarm that shuts off your furnace and gas when Co or Gas is detected.
A revolutionary tennis training tool to improve and develop power, control and consistency - while hitting live balls.
Our new, centrifugal force generator technology will be the foundation that will change how the world creates and distributes energy.
The world wide first shoulder strap innovation, “that does not hang around…” It is smart, it is good looking and winds itself up!
HeadPal is a device that allows the consumer to use their smartphone, handsfree, in 3 different formats.
Pillow with a large built in fixed pocket, personal items can be placed inside. Keeping your items close to you while you sleep.
Sistema para recoger las heces de tu perro, sin agacharse, sin tocarlas con las manos, casi sin olerlas y sin ensuciar la vía pública.
MusicLive makes read, annotate, and share sheet music easy. It is paperless with storage enough for your entire music collection.
Sleek, modern, mobile, ergonomically-designed computer/tablet stand creates optimum functional and stylish mobility.
Ever wanted a deep tissue massage at home? Now everyone can benefit from the techniques that professionals use.
Keeps the towel on the rack when young kids dry their hands.
Surface lifts were never designed to accommodate snowboarders. So I have created a solution to ease the pain of surface lifts for all.
Malaria kills a child every 30 seconds.   The research and science behind this invention is solid.   Let's build and field-test!
Customized shiftknob with LED Illuminated gear selection indicators for manual and automatic transmissions, and 4 wheel transfer case.
Control and monitor your lights and appliances using voice commands or your smartphone from anywhere in the world.
Turbidog is the product that eliminates the hassle out of picking up your dog’s waste, and keeping our environment clean.
SENTRY PROBE sees movement of people through doors and walls; uses penetrating RADAR, continuously for hours. Jay Salsburg
Solarclip, a clipboard that can be used to as a solar charger for your cell phone any where any time.
I am a 30 year old inventer who is a huge Apple enthusiast. As soon as the Apple watch was introduced I began work on a dock.
Helix is the best Apple Watch charging device for home and travel. It's unlike anything else on the market.
The worlds first Pneumatic trashcan. Opens your trash bag for you, prevents you from bending over to load. assists in the unloading.
Redefining biking, STELLIGHT offers you customizable, app-enabled, QR sharable blink patterns for numerous purposes, by only one light.
Pad-Go-Round is a versatile tablet holder with two to four handles providing a better grip.  It is the most versatile tablet holder.
The Luvit lets you take the like button off the screen and gather or share opinions about anything and everything.
Potty Master, a high score game and a training tool that teaches aim, seat raising, lowering, and flushing. For boys and their dads.
The Pro-Protector greatly reduces airborne germs and bacteria from landing on your toothbrush. Start Clean! Brush Clean
Safe Storage, Easy Tie on for Umbrella Rigs & Alabama Rigs® with the Umbrella Tube. Makes changing rigs with a Palomar knot a breeze.
1 pc. plastic durable lightweight obj., provides a resting place & steady support for the avg smart phone. size of a bus card
A revolutionary worldwide patented automated supplement dispenser for gyms and homes that dispenses a precise serving of powder.
A simple portable cooling device, powered by a fan and ice.  Bucket insulated with a foam cooler liner, included "honeywell" turbo fan.
We are trying to build a better tourniquet to save lives, this could greatly help our emergency response teams, and military.
ASR - Automatic Service Reminder - To help outboard owners know when service work is needed on their outboard.
The average person on the average income will now have the ability to measure radiation & share it with people throughout the world!
MonLink is an USB high speed charging and sync cable for your smart phones, tablets, and USB gadgets. It has 4-LED power indicator.
Wifimity makes you invisible on the WiFi spots, blocks malware and keeps safe your passwords...You just have fun!
A devise that will stop the child left or forgotten in hot car crisis, This year in the US alone we have lost 18 kids so far this year.
Electronic wallet with a touch screen and fingerprint scanner designed to protect all contents of the wallet in a highly secure manner.
Floater Cap Technology design helps brand wheel or car logos. This Utility Patented design & Registered TM is the future of Branding.
The 3-in-1(Patent Pending) Decoys can be used as a full body, half body, and floater decoys! Designed and Engineered in Louisiana!
Our Clogged Filter Monitor simplifies knowing when it is time to change your filter. Saving time & money while helping the environment!
Apericase is the worlds first slim cellular case that houses your keys! Never again will you forget your keys with AperiCase.
SoLinks allow the user to scale their solar panel based on their needs. For the first time, one panel can be sized to fit the device.
Smart Pan Lid is all about safety and Simplicity.
Gecko Joint is the first, ultra small holder for smartphones or tablets that can be attached to almost any surface within seconds.
Use 40 to 50% less gas while getting even more power from your vehicle! The Fuel-X-Tender the only device that is proven to work.
USBplus - smartest letter opener
Here's our latest development to our range of home automation products. Smart lighting controlled from your phone, tablet or laptop!
I'm building a machine. A hydroelectric turbine, water is pushed through 1-way pumps, which actuate from water weight above the pump.
The best tool you can buy for maintaining a litter box!
Feature last season's fantastic video highlight reel on the best symbol you received - your season Trophy! Go for it coaches!
Combining the latest AR & VR technology to create an amazing range of educational colouring books that come to life with a free app!
The magnetic pencil holders designed for people who wear glasses so don't have space behind their ear to keep a pencil handy
Create your own paid hotspot network and use it to resell your internet to your neighbours, roommates and everyone else!
iTAG Plus is not just a Personal Bluetooth Tracking Device. 
We are The Finders of Lost Stuff Society.  You Lose it, WE FIND IT!!!
adding increased awareness for motorcycle riders
visit www.backflare.com for videos
I wanted a GPS on my bike, but realized most mount designs forced me to take my eyes off the road. I've invented one that doesn't.
The World's First Device that allows to produce electricity for your home already now by using DoubleGlazing Window with our technology
New concept toy cleaning collector device which is very educative and creative plus good for children's health.
Bring racing games to life! A Head Up Display (HUD) for racing that projects a ghost car for real time feedback and coaching.
Home automation made easy with h-matic radio controlled products.
Integrated Temp. and light sensor. Real time clock with calendar.
The ultimate illumination at any location. Hands free light which is wearable, looped around, hung on or stick to ferrous surface.
The BACPAQ Duo Case is the first of its kind, two-part detachable phone case and Qi Charger that charges anywhere, wirelessly.
Golf Teaching Aid (which contrary to all existing ones which address only ONE aspect of the game) addresses The 7 GOLFING CARDINAL SINS
An ergonomic credit card sized game controller that allows you to play games on your smartphone, tablet, PC or bluetooth game system.
Laser star pointer for smartphone
Fridgeye is a beautiful light sensor for your refrigerator. Check your fridge light status from all over the world.
SafetyBoost is a patented backup battery system designed to provide electrical power to start engines in the event of a battery failure
Kit de potabilización de agua de bajo coste, muy bajo mantenimiento y totalmente natural para viviendas sin acceso al agua potable.
The most convenient, comfortable and cool way to carry your phone.
Help save a life of a child forgotten in the back seat of a hot car. If even one child can be saved, it is worth your donation.
Mississippi Aquaponics is building an educational green house.
MEGADETECTING
World's fastest hot water delivery system! Saves thousands of gallons of water! Program your hot water with your smartphone!
Turn your ceiling light into a ceiling fan in seconds! No tools required! If you can change your light bulb you can install Spiderfan!
CODAmeds™ – "Dispensing Health For Life" - the key for healthy lifestyle programs to store, sort and swallow pills.
Triple S Smart Stand is 4 in 1 Power-Free  Speaker Stand with Water Resistance for iPhone 6s/6s Plus. Enjoy Music and Movies Anywhere .
We are going to save lives, and improve road safety by technology. Help me to help young drivers with eCall and road safety awareness
This is a simple and useful tool stand for your workbench. It has foam fingers in each hole so it holds your tools neat and upright.
The first automatic car sun shade that fits any make, model, and year of car and provides 21st century efficiency with smart technology
Create-I-Lite is a photo display with robust style and great ambient luminance.
Ensuring your battery is never empty and your storage is never full. Introducing the first modular phone case. No cables, no hassle.
Presto stimulates little minds and makes lunchtime magical using technology. It's the lunchbox for the digital generation!
Feed the birds from the comfort and warmth of your home with the simple press of a button.
Eliminates poo odor before it escapes the toilet bowl by ionizing the poo gas and binding it to ordinary or scented dryer sheets
MULTI-SELF transforms into a Selfie, Tripod, or a Stand while attached to the back of your phone. Slide it in and out when you need it!
Tip ‘n Split™ helps restaurant patrons read the menu and bill, and then  calculate tips and splits for each member of a group.
The Vortex Enhanced Turbine is a circular tubed complex that uses high compressed air! It powers wind turbines. Cyclic Output/Input.
Manufacturing new portable radio antenna.Works on HDTV,VHF signals,hobby apps.20 inch tube fits in backpack, suitcase.Multiple uses.Fun
A shutter integrated into a phone case for privacy and "one-touch" applications.
This idea was submitted to Quirky as an April Fools Joke by me last April.Funny thing is mothers thought it was real and useful.
Exactly as the name suggests, a normal potato gun but with the potential of adding ideas based on backers request
Pakka is a secure, wi-fi enabled, package delivery system that protects your packages from theft and weather damage when you're away.
Everything we know and discovered in our nine years of designing solar lights for the developing world is incorporated in this device.
Invented for all outdoor pursuits, fishing, birdwatching, stargazing, camping, hunting etc, also a lifesaver in emergency situations.
The Paintball/Airsoft Engineer's game is a fun and exciting accessory for any player that wants more than the old "capture the flag"
Baby has to have nappy, but wet nappy is parents' nightmare. With this product, you can monitor nappy wetness without take off pants.
A WiFi enabled flashdrive that can connect to all of your Windows, Mac, Android and iOs devices at the same time.
A handle for a touchscreen tablet or pad. It lets the user easily hold the device at any angle without accidental screen touches.
Let’s launch the next generation of meme creation by taking a huge step backwards in technology.
Desktop accessory / executive gift that modulates precision ball bearings inside a polycarbonate box. It is mesmerizing to watch.
A kids chair for classroom to camping.
The versatile multi-function chair also provides hope and dignity to poverty stricken children
A new tool for allowing T-Posts that are used in fences, to be pulled from the top. Easier and safer.
We need your help creating a healing community and art space in New York City. Space will have sensory deprivation / isolation tanks.
Drastically improve your putting by using a multi-functional ball marker to gauge the slope of the green within a slightest degree.
We have a revolutionary electrochromic color changing technology that's fast, user-controlled, and can create any color transition!
Stay safe with Ridersmate 

Advanced GPS safety and tracking for cyclists, mountain bikers, motor bikers and horse riders.
Are you aware that people are able to access your webcams and spy on your family and/ or business without your knowledge?
A simple yet innovative product designed to protect you & your loved ones from distracted driving. Save a life, buy a SmartLöcker.
This safety device increases situational awareness before operating vehicles. This could save over 500 lives a year!!
A Set and Forget Decorative Dispenser, for Indoor air fresheners or Outdoor Flying Insect Repellents.
GentsGear is an online store for Men's Accessories, Gadgets, Apparel and much, much more. We pride ourselves on quality and speed.
The ShirtValet is designed to assist an individual with limited mobility or painful shoulders put on a standard front button shirt.
We already have great succsess in the market with smart Connect gen.1 now we build the ultimate new power strip, the next generation!
A SLEEK & UNIQUE WIRELESS CHARGING CASE & WIRELESS CHARGING DOCK, HANDCRAFTED IN GENUINE LEATHER AND ALUMINIUM.
Jam to your favorite beats as vibrant EL lights glow and blink in sync with your tunes. Kusky™ GloSync™ Headphones bring Music to Life.
SmartFan is a beautifully designed gadget that plugs into your smartphone and provides you with an instant breeze.
Custom Technology Sleeves made out of Neoprene, water resistant and impact ready. Our sleeves keep your computer or tablet safe.
Kick-Stand, One-Hand and Free-Hand your Smart Phone comfortably and Securely with Twistafit brand Turn On
Elegant, robust, sleek, the smartest hand held magnetic tablet device
A device to dramatically reduce the whistling noise from Arai crash helmets whilst touring.
The golfer can adjust the weight of the putter and the optimum location of its' Center-of-Gravity to fit his exact putting stroke.
Clamps are necessities,  In their present  design, they are neither good looking, nor are they user friendly.  We want to change that.
Control Everything From Your Smartwatch: TV, Cable, TiVo, Receiver, Camera, Fan, A/C And More. Universal Learning Remote.
Fully charge the compact Cindr pack in 3 minutes and get enough juice to fully recharge most cell phones + lifespan of 5,000 cycles
Are you tired of losing, of having your phone charging cable swiped? The answer is the RE-CHRG built in, retractable charging cable.
Lightning Wheels is launching our patented LED SpinScreen technology for bike wheels. Stay Safe and be seen while cycling!
An innovative new beverage coaster that truly is the first line of defense against drink tampering to prevent date rape.
One device, many applications: Sleep tracker, Lucid dream induction, Smart alarm, Dream machine, Vibrating Eye Massager.
A WiFi enabled flashdrive that can connect to all of your Windows, Mac, Android and iOs devices at the same time.
A simple vista se trata de un radiador normal, pero se despliega para poder colgar ropa encima, secándola y dejándola casi sin arrugas.
Last golf tee you ever need, unbreakable, ball marker and divot repair on a tether. Easy to find in your pocket, clean up golf courses.
I want to manufacture automatic plant grow machines about the size of a small cabinet.Push a button no green thumb required.
Collar light for night walks with Man's best friend
Lamp Stove is not your ordinary collapsible camping stove.  It generates super heat via common charcoal briquettes.
Instant table & power source while you wait to board! Adjustable, sturdy, stores in front pocket of your carry-on. Air travel enhancer!
Have you ever wonder what is the local beer cost of the countries you travel? For you we'll create an app that will tell you that.
Waterproof your smart phone, tablet, or other small electronics with our invisible highly durable hydrophobic coating system.
We empower our customers - from tow truck owners to trailer owners to save time and lives using our innovative wireless light system.
The U-flip grip is THE WORLD'S 1ST SELFIE CASE combined with an exchangable elastic strap holder.
Wondering about using your tablet in a cushy position but you do not know how to make it? S.Y.T is the solution with design.
The Marvel Stand phone stand is designed to hold your phone or tablet on any flat surface or in a cup holder securely.
Customizable, sizeable, pliable, and reliable strap on the outside of your cell phone case to prevent "Text Neck".
Especially designed to keep your Apple & Android world charged with maximum effect and prevent smartphone and tablet wear and tear
Train at home, in ur dorm, garage, closet anywhere there is a door way. Train or relieve stress at anytime, its quiet, old or young.
With the coming hurrican season power is on my mind er.. emm well lack of power.
An Arduino based quadcopter that has many peripherals and ability to interchange what is connected.
World's First Fully Reversible Micro USB Cable [ Micro USB & Standard Type-A USB Plugs Are Reversible And U.S Patented ]
A multipurpose, light-weight, plier-like tool, which you carry with you for the EASY OPENING of products, whenever/wherever you are!
You can now dance with hot girls with confidence. No more unpredictable erection.
This project is to create a prototype of a machine that creates electricity from water and gravity.
light weight, lighting, lightning,delight on your Selfies and Videos
Mobile air quality sensor in the palm of your hand. Advanced analytics and cloud computing provide early warning, sharing, and mapping.
The world can now be fed locally, with worlds most efficient / producing LED grow light! Cities, towns and villages!!
Greenhead is a multi-purpose cleaning system for auto or home use, it simultaneously sprays water and sucks up debris on any surface.
Using Apple EarPods, HearWings allows users to listen to their music or have a phone call while also hearing surrounding sounds.
Redefine Courage.
Replace your outdated wall outlet with the Tesla Socket and you'll never have to search your house for a USB charger again!
Lower body corrections for baseball/softball hitting mechanics using a laser motion detector. Can be used in other sports applications.
Ever worry about car accidents, breakdowns, theft or loss? SafeNet lets you track, monitor and talk to your cars anywhere in the world.
Solar Harvester utilizes bright indoor lighting or outdoor light to generate 3.3VDC or 5VDC to run your low power electronic devices.
I designed and want to build a solar powered water filtration system capable of filtering absolutely any contaminants from water.
Environmentally friendly method of weed control using steam.  Steamganic uses the principles of steam with a custom applicator.
MagClip: Tame Wild Earbud Wires & Untangle Your Life
Never wake the kids, miss the toilet, wake your spouse or go potty in the dark again! The motion & light sensor toilet light!
Quick Charging+Emergency Power+Power sharing all in a pocket size card. Charge your phone anytime!
Oprostation is an idea aimed at improving user experience of Apple new Mac Pro's.
To Provide the food  Industry and community a device that will help reduce the risk of food borne illness . safer food for everyone
Use any charger to charge your iPhone battery, the adapter that will be with you anywhere.
HAVE FUN AND GET AROUND WITH OR WITHOUT PEDDLING.
MOTORIZED GAS BIKE THAT TRAVELS UP TO 25MPH, OR FASTER. AMAZING.
World's first travel & sleep eye mask with LCD lenses, electronic eyelid technology, and a wake up service.
Avoid messy spills between the stove and counter tops
Place Stopper in gap between stove and counter top
Remove to wipe off the mess
Proximity Mine provide simply a freedom way to makes jokes or non-lethal methods for unwanted animals to stay far.
Expandably adjustable cart for safely carrying thin fragile loads. Padded to protect load & obsticals
Stop the criminals in their tracks from viewing you through any of your camera systems. Private Eye protects you and your loved ones.
The Chugometer attaches to your beer funnel/bong to tell you how much you chug, how fast you chug, and who is the fastest beer chugger!
The “Bubble Hat” is a head and neck protection system that attaches to the American Football Player’s shoulder pads & upper body.
Coupon Print Binder, a Binder with a portable Printer, calculator and a dry erase board, Print coupons as you shop
"I AM" everything the 1/10  RC / FPV world has to offer and for the first time  "I AM" that something extra to offer the world.
I am creating a Contact Lens case with a built in or attachable day timer to assist users in determining the age of their contacts.
Never get lost with iSpy SOS
Share your photos easily with those not using social media like parents and family on a dig. photo frame with touch screen
Klip Trio is the first 3-in-1 pet nail trimmer, combining surgical-grade SS blades, contoured nail file & disposable powder cartridge.
BagSentry monitors luggage and pets during air travel.  Know if bags were opened or dropped, or if your pet was treated harshly.
I want to create functioning works of art. Strong, lightweight  and beautiful, a R/C chassis that performs as well as it looks.
Carry your iphone 5 from your neck and take hands-free videos and snap continuous photos in the vertical or horizontal position.
Research and development projects for meteorology.
New, simple ,efficient Traction Drive Technology uses rolling motion to attain high efficiency .
Portable charging device with 6 USB ports that performs like a charging station. Comes with a 40W Solar Panel and also a AC/DC Adapter.
DISCOVER YOUR ABS & CORE!!!!!! Define yourself and your body. Giving you double the workout with double the fat burn in half the time.
Have you heard the news?!?
The new iPhone 7 has no 3.5mm jack connector, but no problem: there's ALWAYS a solution - #JackIsBack
when I  straighten my strings with the TSS, I can locate my serves and shots consistently,.
TAP bridges the gap between cash and payment cards.  It’s fast, easy and secure – the new, smarter way to pay.
KIKAI es mucho más que una consola de videojuegos. Es todo un centro de ocio con la potencia de un ordenador, y a un precio increíble.
All new magnetic two in one light up earphones. Never share your earphones again!
Water filtration system with a UVc sanitizing lamp designed for long term survival. Using both a static filter and a 24vdc UVc lamp.
A way to finally get even with those who refuse to respect the fast lane!
Amaze your friends with an endless tunnel of LEDs trailing off into infinity. Hang it up to provide infinite amounts of entertainment.
Slick Shotz - The Only Heat Sealed and Legal-to Carry Flask!
A fully functional mini V8 engine model.
Scan and detect saliva in your food and see it on your smartphone!
Adorable, life-like, odor eliminating air fresheners, perfect substitutes for those obstructions hanging from your rear view mirror.
Charred wooden flash drives
Tired of your kid looking like a pretzel when they fall asleep in the car!  The answer is here!  Angel Hands - Watch our videos.
Tired of sitting on a toilet seat covered with sticky pee or shockingly dipping into the bowl when the seat has been left up?
Improve toilet room hygiene by ensuring lid is down before flusher button can be pressed.  No more arguments over who left the seat up.
Want more green energy in the world? Help fund our G.E.O.D.  project!
We're bringing you the best quality and best priced cables, with the widest range! Micro-USB, Certified Lightning & USB-C!
This product is a chair for you mobile device that secures itself on an airplane tray.  Adjusts for multiple devices at various angles
I have created a product that everyone can use. Scrubbing baseboards made easier. It can be used on carpet and it rolls on wheels.
The most rude, obnoxious, and /or funny GPS there is with interchangeable ethnic voices.
Smarter car alarm to alert you in an emergency.  Not only will your car beep it will detect motion, unlock doors and roll down windows.
A cost effective easy to use "Plug and Drive" solution for Setting, Monitoring and Enforcing the allowed speed for motor vehicles.
Twinkle Treat Basket container has motion activated LED light and sound displays enhancing Halloween nighttime visibility of its user.
Aspirateur de comptoir branché directement sur votre balayeuse centrale - Démarrage et arrêt automatique
Sexy and sleek cordless flat iron that is small enough to take anywhere with no hassle. Perfect to take on the go!
Promoting independence in every workout with user friendly technology.
something that make you feel like you have magic when you have remote control and press on, u can control it to fly to anywhere u want
Electronic gadget that provides educational information & fun facts about outdoor environment in 20 questions or less.(e.g., plants)
Helping law enforcement receive and act on tips in real time to make the world a safer place.
The world's first remote controlled blue tooth capable articulating spoke wheel.
"rubbelzz" sind ein Schutz- und Optimierungssystem für Smartphones, Tablets und Notebooks. 
Hergestellt aus Pflanzenöl - nix Erdöl!
We want to build and donate 10 pink electric bikes to the Breast Cancer foundation for sick patients who want to complete the ride.
An affordable and inconspicuous anti-theft device designed for motorcycles with the goal of actually catching thieves in the act!
This machine's purpose is to clear snow from the top of trucks using compressed air.The machine is designed to keep our roads safe.
Say goodbye to dead batteries with a 100 Watt Charger Station utilizing always-ready, high capacity, portable power banks.
A magnetic switch activated purse light.
This is a trashcan that automatically opens your trash bag for you placing your bag flush with the sides and bottom of your trash can.
Buy the smart pet bed, Pett Bed, and use the app to get valuable data from your dog's health, fitness, and activity.
With our unique adapter you can connect an external microphone like our shotgun model to a GoPro Hero and listen while recording
There is not another product out there that can find and destroy and RFID hidden in your clothes, or in YOU!  Only iDIFR!
The Cool Cube is a small humidifier that also cools the air with a power consumption of 15 watts.
a new waterboard that could save your life,or make life fun!
Mechanized handcuffs which will retract with the same force and speed no matter what the situation
"GREEN" hand held fire extinguisher us patent #6,622,801 B1. 15 years life time. good for home, cars and boats . small and unique.
Remotely monitor a target from up 4000+ yards
A environmentally friendly trash bag for a motor vehicle using a vinyl and water proof fabric hangs off a seat hand made
headphones that speak to you if something's behing you, allows you to see in the dark and keeps wind out of your eyes when bikeing
Experience the most advanced glasses-free 3D displays technology on the latest tablet and smartphones.
Instead of having shark nets in the water what i propose is a semi autonomous UAV flying over beaches with 2 cameras for surveillance
Car Accessory, visual display unit, attached to your vehicle's rear windshield, displays videos and messages to other vehicles.
To create a metal sleeve exoskeleton that uses mechanics to increase strength by a factor of 10 without an external power source
My idea is to make a scanner for the hospitals. It is going to scan your hand to see if your hand is clear of bacterias.
"FMC"
Drone-Space is a Coop style Space where Drone's are the focus.  Member ran and Community Driven with focus on Safety and Education.
The World's First Batteryless Car Jump Starter.No Lithium-ion battery; No pre-charge and extended life time.Get one at only USD$149CAD.
A home product resulting from the culmination of Siri-like voice-recognition, quad copter mobility, facial recognition, and more!
The laptop swing, Turn Your Laptop into a OffTheLap-top. It moves, Cools, Charges, accessorizes and gets it up off your lap + it glows!
The Ultimate USB Flash Drive is finally here. It's metal, durable, and quickly clips on and off your keychain, with no cap to lose.
Football HUD visor for quarterback or entire team. Individual display for play, time, quarter, and downs and yards to go.
A waterproof shower case. This case will allow you to stay connected with news, music, baby monitors, social media, phone calls, etc.
CoolDry Razors leverages cryogenic and nano technologies to make the world's longest lasting razors.
Gaming 'poker' machines player cant rest arm causing fatigue.This invention allows player to sit back and press button remotely.
The fastest way to warm water, coffee, tea, milk for babies and any liquid with a smartphone.
Safely Recycle, Donate or Sell your old computer. Recover then destroy sensitive Hard Drive data. Get unneeded computers back into use.
Floss tension can be adjusted conveniently; A user has good control over the direction and strength; Reach back teeth comfortably;
Never touch the toilet seat again! With this sensor activated automatic and universal seat you never have to again!
It is a gadget to open caps on bottles and packages. Especially for disabled people (less hand function) is it useful!
This is an 8FT patio umbrella equipped with 16FT of 100% solar powered LED rope lighting, Comes in 3 great color patterns.
This shark deterrent is safe, easy to wear and care for, lightweight, and proven to work on any shark that tries to comes close to it!
A place to Crowdsource New Ideas.  And meet people to help develop them.  Co-Founders, Mentors, Teammates and Helpers.
Mounts onto overhead cables, when snow or ice forms on the cable, the device rocks the cable back and forth to breakup the ice.
I have an idea for an invention. I need to get a patent, and make a prototype
You shower everyday. Just you and your thoughts. Why not let it be you and Netflix? You and youtube! We now bring you the EyeShower!
Making Ubering, Lyfting, Taxing, Trucking, Road-tripping and on-the-going Food ready, Saving you money..and the extra pounds. :)
BRIGHT, reliable, rechargeable flashlight that is easy to use and sleek on your keychain.
Taxicorp "Electric Taxi" & "Connected Taxi" System & Method
I want to build and market a "heads up" display witch can be installed on any car regardless of year make or model.
This charger works with your iPhone if you got a 5 or 6 version. It is simple Scandinavian design, and without wires!
The Brake Bro prevents longboarders from crashing, damaging their shoe soles, and offers a more gradual stop, all with an easy install.
Do you have problems going up and down the stairs at night? Well you need the Slights!
***Innovative Tinting Device for vehicle windows that allows you to adjust the amount of shade on CARS, AIRPLANES, BOATS & STROLLERS***
Green Tee Golf is the world's 1st inexpensive, totally GREEN, automatic golf tee. Help us get it to the marketplace!
Choose your needs,Choose your style,Choose your God...
Welcome to the new era of flash drives!
Light "N" Roll is a fun attachment for skateboard lovers!  It illuminates your board after dark for added entertainment and safety.
This device meters the difference between the LORDS DAY and MANS DAY.  The applications of the meter may be powerful enough to win wars
introducing iTonuge The ultimate phone stand and phone mount.
Instead of paying $50 for a Big-Brand WiFi controlled outlet or light, you can have 5xOutlets for only $60. Open-Source Open-Hardware!
A LOUD BIKE HORN ANY CAR CAN HEAR.
Building double screen laptops, tablets, TVs, etc. Providing a better experience for people and will be creating jobs as well.
The Invention sprays sanitizer onto the toilet handle 3 seconds after the toilet has been flushed. Eliminate the prior person’s germs.
The new interactive eyewear that changes lenses transmittance in zero seconds !!
Imagine walking next to Danny Willett at Augusta, Dancing at the side of stage at a Foo Fighters gig or sitting front row at the footy
Post by voice on Facebook and Twitter with Speech To Social Media services by Panoorin! Patent pending! Be one of the first to have it.
Patent pending for my device. It's for people who need extra HELP W/Duties around houses & buildings. Glow in the dark with talkback!
Poke your friends and family! Annoying as ****, but extremely funny! Poke people all day long with the Poke stick!
Tail flag is an esthetic element you can put on the back of your car to add some style to your ride.
Perfect Fantasy toilet non-paper with Pockets, wipe your ass in perfect fantasy like the rich
Ton réservoir à essence se rempli automatiquement pendant que tu es au bureau.
Fuel-free engine for power generation with capacity up to 10 kW/h.
Holographic screens for holographic videos. We are trying to bring forth the future of holographic technology to everyone, affordably.
It fits in your wallet. Charging & data syncing, lightning & micro USB adapter with1500mAh.
As any one that has spent time in the great outdoors can tell you, when you need something out of your bag it is always at the bottom.
Safety at work
device is intended to detect child passenger
The Bandage Shield is a protective sleeve. It is waterproof and floats. Great for active people. Keeps bandage dry and like new.
We are opening an amazingly small store that will sell our locally produced inventions and rare garden supplies.
This Anti-Snoring Sound-Activated Device is called Cha-Cha.  It will help millions of people get better sleep.
I so need a nap! Do you? If you're a medical professional that needs a place to nap, comming soon  Cubezzz.com being built.
Patent pending technology lighting up your your pickup with your name displayed and facial recognition detecting you in the crowd
Tired of losing your rechargeable battery.  Use the power of cute to make sure your child will never lose it again!!!
Master the 7 key golf swing positions and movements with the Amazing Angle™ Golf Swing Trainer!
Folding solar charger has high efficiency 22%, with fashion, colorful, eco-friendly and lightweight.
Everybody has tried killing a living room plant, while watering it? This device lets you know when the plant needs water and alerts you
The Inot and Orin are masterpieces of new technology. Applications and versatility make them the cutting edge of design and engineering
EZ Worm

You Can Make Bio-plastic Lures at home.


This Kit will let you make your own artificial fishing

Worm Lures. We call them th
360° FULL COVER CASE Over 40 Models  for Apple iPhone 5 6 7 Plus S Samsung Galaxy S5 S6 S7 Edge J5 A3 A5 P9 Lite - Brand Looktosafety®
The remote that learns your existing remote codes, allowing you to control everything from the comfort of your chair arm. Make it so!
Plug & Play Universal Remote w/ Built in paging system in the event you misplace your remote.
All because he could see and detect what his eyes would have never been able to. Because you saw the need, Just as we have Hey Neighbor
Land Paddle with a fiberglass spring that absorbs impact, release energy for more speed and allows unit to collapse to as small as 30"
the drought in California is effecting everyone very drastically. And the water usage needs to be controlled. #savethewater
Imagine if any lithium ion device could charge another. Imagine if you could share your battery life.
Tiger Tongs: "Tongs That Bite"  Never loose grip of that meat again.  Tenderize your meat while grilling. Pro Pit master Tongs light-up
I have an idea to create LED signs for Real Estate agents that will be solar powered. Better vision for Real Estate agents.
The Xkey-Mod integrates your phone and your car key! This device makes life just that much more convenient.
It's more than a PC. It's World's First "4 in 1" Smart device with "PC + Jump Starter + Power Bank + Flash Light".
The "Reverse Coaster" adhesive seal is designed to cover drinks to protect against drink tampering from date rape drugs like GHB.
The Pot Shot is a device you will use to stir your soups so it does not burn.
Imagine a compact powerful LED flashlight with strong speakers barking like a dog to scare away would be intruders or wild animals.
handicap fishing
The 1703 Clipper Sterilizing Apparatus Machine (Patent#US62/125,590) provides a solution to chemicals used in barber shops everywhere.
Collapsible sleep comfort tent is a sleeping bag ,air mattress, and one man shelter in one convenient unit.
A drone that will help police document and preserve an outdoor or large indoor crime scene.
Simple alarm system for the Internet Age. Make any door IOT Enabled. Find out every time a door is opened, closed, or not. Get yours!
Medical tool for the shoulder isometric training. Train the shoulder without move it.
Tilt the Pole means tilt the umbrella pole.  Create shade all day long by tilting the umbrella pole.  Never move your chair!
I love ducks, swimming pools and technology. But I hate cold water. I want to create a small device ( Internet of Things) to solve it..
Check out the unique perks that can actually make you money and save you money when you pledge creating  win/win for you and the planet
Space Grinders were made to fill the gap where lightweight grinders lack... Durability. Made to keep grinding herbs for years to come.
Research has shown that when insects are electrocuted bug zappers can spread a mist containing insect parts up to about 7 feet (2.1m).
The OTON X: Imagine.Create. Play!
Magnetic lid in gas cap for vehicles so you don't lose it
BLUEGUARD-E Protects Yourself and Your Family by Making Home Access Smarter, Safer and More Convenient.
No grip button and zipping dressing aid. The only no grip dressing aid available.
The advertising  should be free : free of hidden charges , free of added cost, and free of hassle. advertising anywhere for everone
A power bank is just a power bank .. So why not make it more personal, and give it more life than just portable power.
personal air freshener
Hot metal seat belt tabs burn inner thighs in vehicles, strollers, baby carriers, boats and roller coasters. Cold repellent too. Safety
The Quick Cool is a portable fan that plugs directly into a cell phone, providing its users with the convenience of cool air anywhere
This amazing toothbrush protector keeps fecal matter/germs off your toothbrush. Be healthy and keep the poo out of your family's mouths
Unmanned kitchens are no longer a thing of the future! This invention will revolutionize the food industry!
MAGIC BAGS
4 Reusable Grocery shopping bags.
Easy. Convenient. Magical 
Probably the best Bag in the world
ENVIRONMENT! GO GREEN!
Help Zigo raise enough money to develop Zigo 2.0...a next-generation modular carrier bike.
We help people discover and buy cutting-edge technologies through the first and unique video-marketplace, Robotius.com.
Dragonpat est une marque déposée, ainsi que le brevet qui va avec.
ce support de casque est utilisable pour le monde de la moto, BTP,
Turn any computers(including MacBook) into a KID's Computer by inserting the USB without installation.Enjoy FREE educational Apps.
Smartphone Controlled Eco-Friendly Air Freshener
The world's first multi-use phone charging station that can do so much more than just charge your devices. 
Get Powered Get Connected.
We created this product for original İphone 4/4s/5/5s/6/6plus & all İpad's usb charging cable. This is only for original usb cables.
"The Angle Flush": An Easily Used, Mess-Free Device For Cleaning A Stopped Toilet http://www.newswire.com/press-release/the-angle-flush
Wireless iPhone charger case that uses ambient noise to charge battery
A Holographic Application, that converts your smartphone or tablet into a revolutionary 3D gaming console. Big plans for the future.
The Grail is a new technology Carbon Monixide/Natural Gas/Propane alarm with electricity shutoff and gas valve shutoff capabilities.
The world's first "2-in-1" headphones that transform into wireless stereo speakers! Help us bring this to market faster, be the 1st...
Essen innerhalb von Minuten direkt zu dir, egal wann und wo du bist? Und dabei auch noch der Umwelt etwas gutes tun?
This product will improve on gasoline cost and automobile protection. Monitors gas usage (gallons), silent alarm tracking system.
You know you "toilet text”. Your phone may have harmful germs because of it. The solution: CLEANER CUBE stick it where you need it most
Track your gps ball from tees to trees. Christmas, Birthdays, Fathers Day, Corp & Charity Tournies, Retirement. The best gift ever!
A cellphone charger that is powered by the user's vocal vibrations.
Car Location Locator works with GPS signals and ibeacon. It helps you to find your parked car whether outside or in shopping center.
The revolutionary AiDrive features Certified Lightning Connector, USB, and Micro-USB in one, uniting Android and Apple users
The SelfieCase replaces the Selfie Stick. Allows users to take selfies with one hand without the risk of dropping their cell phones.
Ever had a spray bottle that has a little bit of fluid left in it and the siphon hose just won't pick it up no matter what!
A pen to revolutionize the world from kids to businessmen and artists
A patent pending, energy saving misting system for your central air conditioning system. Save as much as 30% on energy costs.
The Cloudylight is a lamp with a build in high end audio system that has many features, you can control the cloud by app or remote.
BEST PORTABLE GYM MACHINE+100 EXERCISES FOR WEIGHT LOSS,CHEST,ABS, ARMS, BACK,SHOULDERS-
VERY POWERFUL MACHINE FOR STRENGTH&FITNESS
The EMI Drive is a lifesaving device that collects, organizes and presents Emergency Medical Information to EMTs & Paramedics.
The revolutionary STA-SHARP! UTILITY KNIFE SHARPENING
HOLSTER  eliminates angst and frustration when confronted
with a dull blade.
HD Night Vision (5MP), Battery Backup, Unlimited Media Storage, Streaming Video and more, all built around a Raspberry Pi!
A machine for whelping litters of motherless puppies to lower mortality rates due to asphyxiation pneumonia from bottle feeding.
DIY structure, designed to produce green electricity for one home 24/7/365.  I need to raise $ for proof of concept, & Utility patent.
It stays at the top of the pole until a squirrel climbs on it and then it quickly drops the squirrel to the ground and returns to top.
The Boost is a silicone insert that fits any mobile phone and immediately delivers increased battery life and better battery health.
All plastic-self feeding planting system. www.instagram.com/growingthecolonelway/.Can grow anything from small to extra huge...
All Your Tech Needs in One Desk Item !
This is an electronic seat belt monitoring device, that protects those in a car that cannot protect themselves.
This cover simply goes around any flashlight to make it into a lantern. eliminating the need for a lantern.
A interactive smart teddy, built in touch screen with 550 educational games, 60 catchy songs and videos, and 250 read along stories.
This idea is in the design phase and has been a dream of mine for many years. I would welcome the help of people to get it started.
The Automatic Germ Destroyer: A Toilet Handle Sanitizer
Forget Me Not Kid alarm system is designed to alert a parent if a child is accidentally left in their car seat.
The project image above was the 1st generation, iMini 1.0, we are looking to re-design it into iMini 2.0. With Bluetooth.
Use your cellphone as a landline handset by simply connecting direct into the landline with this this plug  connector " non Bluetooth "
Solar Party Center: A Go Anywhere Solar Generator, Refrigerator, Microwave, Radio for the Backyard, Swimming Pool or Construction Site
Our product uses the charged power from one cell phone (Android, iPhone, etc.) to jumpstart another phone that's dead or low on battery
Discover The World’s First Contactless Facial Reader & Inner Emotion Scanner. Explore a New Generation of Game & ART Concepts!
It is time for the vehicular accidents to stop on roads, with just one gadget. Introducing the Car Chat device.
Where is the best place to be under an umbrella?...Right in the center, correct? To bad that's where they put the pole.... Until now!
Ever had trouble catching a cab?  Frustrated because cabdrivers just don't see you?  Your solution is here!
Create toys for your children from the favourite brick sets controlled from your smartphone. Bring your Lego & 3D prints ideas to life!
Lucid Dreaming Kit including Sleep Mask, Wrist Tracker, App & Book. LU-KIT helps you master LUCID DREAMING.
How you can follow 24h / 24h for 7 days the life of a user in HoloLens be? Suivez 24h/24h sur 7 jours la vie d'un utilisateur HoloLens.
Zeon purifies - monitors and ionizes the air around you as needed. Aroma Diffuser, fresh clean air & enjoy music at the same time.
Im an engineer by trade and love going away and getting outdoors cycling. Mobile homes are expensive. Need to build prototype fullsize.
A kit of exciting physics experiments that could be used by teachers to promote passion in science
The STAR Drive is a rechargeable Bluetooth enabled pocket computer and storage system
Heat powered smartphone charger
A great webiste that offers many custom built PCs in a variety of price brackets and offers the ability to have one made for you.
Nix keyboard is a patented(US 6,297,752) keyboard with two angel wing pads which can be folded to all angles from backside to flat out.
GPS signal can be spotty. This prototype will integrate GPS with gyros and accelerometers to maintain position even without a sky view.
Home automation device that offers several control methods over ANY electronics that use a remote, from your smartphone or smartwatch.
LED Light that attaches to existing tip-up to increase visibility when tip-up is triggered
CarEye is the smart, simple, and safe way to prevent child & pet hot car tragedies.
Sonnenschirm der Zukunft versorgt deine Kühlbox und dein Handy mit Spannung ohne Stromanschluss
A new and better design of a rechargeable lighter that will last a lifetime.
Dual iPhone wall charger for a cable free experience.
The very first, simple, one touch children's help bracelet, that sends a signal straight from a child to the parent or caregiver.
Welcome to SLYDER. We have created an innovative wallet case for iPhones. Now it's time to make the iPhone 6 glow! slydercase.com
Innovative device for food sterilization. PureMeal purifies foodstaff from harmful bacteria's and keeps it fresh much longer.
With its lightweight, high capacity of 20100mAh, 4 USB ports, and simple design, you have the one portable charger that does it all!
Hello, pictured a working prototype appears, but this miss electronics, cardboard and plastic. I want to build another model.
These awesome truck steps allow you to see your exact foot placement in low/no light conditions when entering and exiting the vehicle.
Have you ever had RODENT problems? In a place where you have NO POWER? Trailer,Shed,Cabin,Shop? This will keep them out!! Solar Powered
We’ve assembled the highest quality and most affordable ELECTRIC FAT BIKE in Canada! Only 999$
The next step to edible indications is here!
The GloBro is a toilet light that changes the way blokes use the bathroom. Stick it under the toilet seat & witness the revolution!
To expand my current sensors and inputs on my stand-a-lone automotive gauge system and create software to allow users to share themes.
I'm using all my knowledge and effort to build what humanity has not achieved yet: A time machine. Be part of this giant project now!
What if you never forgot the milk again? Can your grocery list be a thing of the past? What would happen if your trash can could think?
A patch your child can ware for up to a month at a time.
Isn’t it frustrating when your phone dies and you don’t have a charger, battery-pack or USB cable with you? Worry no more, Oivo's here!
Build healthy, active lifestyle habits with our amazingly accurate physical activity tracker and personal, real-time coaching app.
First simulation game merged with a wearable activity tracker to keep you connected with your beloved ones in a healthy and fun way.
Smart wireless stethoscope: Lets you easily track & monitor your heart & body sounds at home. Understand & manage your health better!
The portable jet-engine for SUP, canoeing & diving turns existing equipment into powerful electric water sports gear within 10 seconds.
Powerful. Portable. Modular.  The World’s smallest water propulsion system for your snorkeling, diving, paddling & kayaking adventures.
Flitchio frees your screen and gives you tangible controls. Play dozens of games, pilot drones, and more. Play more, Carry less.
MixStik is the connected device to help everyone make perfect drinks. Cocktails are now as easy to make as they are delicious to drink.
A low latency (~10ms) Bluetooth LE controller designed for mobile Virtual Reality. Enjoy VR on your iPhone with immersive inputs.
The Quicklock uses both Bluetooth and NFC.  Choose one of the NFC keys for your kids, or when you don’t have your smartphone available.
AiwaJuice is a power bank which gives you up to 8 hours more of power for your battery life on your Macbook and your phone.
Dark Energy® presents Poseidon™, 
The World's First IP68 Portable Battery Charger™.
Ultra Compact, Rugged and Fully Waterproof.
Amazing New Filament LED Technology to help save the planet!
That tingeling sensation while meeting your crush... will she (or he) kiss you back? Let this technology help you!
Why choose? FORE let you use your headphones and charge your iPhone at the same time, old school style.
With a simple touch, Green Pet grows a eco-friendly, self-sustained garden in your home & workspaces.
We've invented a simple product with a scientific approach to sound. It increase the volume of an iPhone by an incredible 20 decibels!
The best christmas tree stand
Keep losing things? Want to share & track stuff with friends? Locate bags/keys in an instant? Never lose anything with the FIND app!
Simplify family screen time using this new parental control product.  Lock up and charge tablets, cell phones, and games.
Wireless Flash-Drive
Bring the speed and precision of a full-sized physical keyboard to your smartphone. May the productivity be with you!
Sleek. Efficient. Practical. The worlds first fully integrated Wireless Charging pad for your home. Quick charge where you need it most
Cell phone charging station for bars & restaurants, revolutionizes the napkin/straw caddy to meet modern customer demands.
Enlighten your work and ban disturbing shadows along lances with our T-Eck. Or just have a fancy Set Square. You might decide.
Weather Point is a small gadget that serves as a thermometer, humidity meter, UV index & atmospheric pressure meter. 
Yup, all in one!
PhiLOCK. Protect your bike. Share it.
The Compact and Powerful Stepster Foot Pump takes the Pain Out of Airing Up Flat Tires on Strollers, Bicycles, Scooters, Cars and More!
The thinnest wall/USB charger. Patented retractable/foldable charging dock, wall prongs, 3000mAh battery, USB charging cable, USB port.
Form healthier hydration habits with the whole family via the hydration management features.
OLPRO are world renowned for high quality camping equipment.  OLPRO Breeze is a range of 5 inflatable campervan awnings.
The Exigo is the fastest, most intelligent and powerful four-port USB charger for powering all of your mobile devices.
¿Es mas importante que yo sepa hablar ingles o que sus hijos no se lastimen? Nuestros rollerblade impiden las caidas de aprendizaje
The BreadBox is the world's first desktop circuit board maker — quickly and safely automating the etching process for makers!
Humane mousetrap that sends email when you’ve caught a mouse. You've got mouse mail!  Easy to set. Easy to clean. Reusable.
Rich, powerful sound meets intuitive touch. Sleek, portable, Avy enhances your entertainment and looks great doing it.
World's Lightest Golf Swing Analyzer that provides Instant, Accurate and Detailed Swing Analysis right at your Fingertips.
TIME OUT Timed Lock System is the first ever cheat proof timed lock that can be used to put yourself or someone else in a time out.
Here comes a very DIFFERENT exercise tracker, the first of its kind. Get motivated to work out all your muscles. In just 20 minutes!
Emergency power for your USB devices like Smart Phones when camping, hiking, and cycling or when the power grid goes down!
motioraid es muy bueno, 10 veces + barato que un kayak propulsado. ÚNICO PROPULSOR TRANSVERSAL en el MUNDO, ¡Que de verdad funciona!
INOVA | 8: Eight hours of use in 8 minutes or less. No more "wall hugging." Works with iPhone 5/5S, iPhone 6 and Samsung Galaxy S5.
BumperBuzzer protects vehicles from expensive damage caused by curbs,parking limiters,overhangs Low cost, no professional installation.
Multifunction bluetooth accessory for your smart phone. Locate your keys, Calendar and Email Reminders, USB storage, and much more!
The Ultimate Gaming PC
Have you ever had a dream to become/do something but couldn't afford it? Well I am currently in that situation and YOU can make it real
Bringing the scrap wood back to life. The flash drives can be laser engraved as well upon special order.
Spoonzey is a range of fun baby and toddler goodies, made with love and limitless imagination, all wrapped up in a vault of safety.
A miniature programmable widget with Wi-Fi, BLE, high resolution touch screen, IMU, USB, battery, 3 touch buttons and Micro SD storage.
A snorkel that allows the user to pump an extra breath into the device at the surface and spend twice the amount of time underwater.
ZipStand is the ultimate smart phone stand and car mount that makes life easier for mobile users everywhere.
Fly the ArcaBoard, helping to bring this amazing technology on the market.
Scout is a little device that reports its location 24/7, anywhere in reach of a cell tower, keeping loved ones and valuable items safe.
A fixie style electric bicycle with throttle, pedal assist, long range, built with quality, available at an affordable price.
The Memory pen is a device with 64 or 128Gb included that also is a stylus and ball pen.  Offload videos and images to clear space.
The emergency light that’s cheaper than flashlights, lasts longer than batteries and that you can use in ANY situation, even gas leaks.
JQ Headrest is the most comfortable sleeping gadget for you to sleep or rest when you sit on economy class seat in airplane or tour bus
HoverBars is a hoverboard accessory that allows you to hold on while you hover & has safety wheels that steady you before a fall.
Neris extends your car's alarm to protect your bikes, skis, trailer, toolbox, etc. for your active lifestyle
The simplest way to charge - anytime, anywhere. Magnet assisted wireless charging that's effortless to use.
Bicycle Pedal. Bicycle Lock. Bicycle Alarm. Unforgettable, Built-In Bicycle Security. Why Pedal Anything Else?
Finally! A way to brush your teeth in a circular motion.  It also has plaque blasters for your tongue! The Revo 360
Making our home smart is more than just controlling lights and heating. It is about people!
I am looking to create and manufacture a clip on multi purpose holder that you can hold almost anything with.
The Twin Light Mount is a very simple and effective way to add 2 lights & a selfie stick to any GoPro or Action Camera.
Blu is one of the world's first flexible Wearable Smartphones, Power combined with convenience.
It is scientifically proven that plants can talk to each other. Our awesome technology will enable them to talk to you too.
The world's first inkjet printed microscope lens transforms your smartphone to a microscope! Discover the world around you!
A washing machine for ANYWHERE! Perfect for apartments, dorms, camping, boating, delicates, sports, etc… Plus it pays for itself!
The Time Key money box - The personal savings device that will help you reach your saving goals by removing the need for willpower.
Looking for a cell phone case that has all the features you need?  Look no further! The Astracse is Here!
We are relaunching! Visit ThunderDrive.co to learn more or signup for our newsletter to get the latest info: http://eepurl.com/b9s3kX
The perfect cable: Ultra-portable, Innovative tangle-free design.
Simplicity and affordable cost make Yepzon a global every-day life saver. Number one child protector coming to town. Premiere here.
The 'BumBee Seat’ is a New Product Design and the Ultimate Seating Gadget on Wheels for Summer Fun in your Garden, Office & Garage!
A revolutionary gadget, bridging limitless storage for smart devices with the handiness of a battery, cable mgnt, & data sharing
i.see is a clever silicon marker that you place on your tablet nearby the buttons, so you'll always know where the buttons are!
The UN-hackable is a network safety device which controls internet access without relying on passwords, firewalls, or other software.
Are you waiting for your iPhone 6? If so, it's time to get the dock everyone's talking about. Pre-order today, shipping October 10.
The first home control system that offers simple voice control over electronics, from your smartphone or other wearables.
A maker friendly kit for building customizable robot or automation gadget.  Start your dream-X with Raspberry pi,Uno,Yun or Mindstorm.
tye* is the mobile alarm, virtual lock or tracker you’ve been waiting for. Easy, affordable safety.
The Super Plug is a simple solution to a real problem. No more reaching behind furniture trying to plug in your electronics!
NO MORE TANGLED EARBUDS.
Cordskinz is an Anti-Tangler, a Cord Protector, and a Fashion Accessory.
These two products feature universal tablet holder which can fit all tablet devices within 11” screen for students and professionals.
Electric fat bike for your daily commute and outdoor adventures.  Travel 20 MPH and 20+ miles per charge. Highest power, lowest cost.
PLAYBERRY : The retro console for everyone! ~ Play classic games easier than ever before! ~ Truly have the classic gaming experience!
Charge any USB device with nearly any gentle movement? YES!
Energy harvesting via trees? YES! 
Open source? YES!
The Lettuce Gizmo is an affordable lettuce slicing system that you use to quickly and easily make your own bagged lettuce!
The Omniwheelz Smart Board is the worlds 1st 4 wheel board that uses mecanum wheels. This allows the board to have a very Unique ride!!
A board combining skate boarding and cycling with capability to turn and brake creating an intriguing means of green travel and fun
Lightning to USB Sync & Charge keychain cable for iPhone, iPad, iPod and other Lightning port based devices.
A heated tarp that you put on your driveway and it eliminates the snow. Cheap and not bad for the earth. Please help end shoveling.
Mutli-watt, multi use generators built on old mechanical tech with some major mods, no computers, just cheap easy portable power!
Innovation to power generation
An artistic, modern design for elevating your apple watch charging needs.
Andromedia is Android on TV. Its a Media Player & Gaming System: Stream TV, Movies, Music, Sports, Play Games & Browse Online in 1080p
FIXX is a hard setting, hand mouldable Epoxy Resin designed for household use. Fix, Customize, Create, Design and Stick.
Intelicharge is a multipurpose power pack that can power your mobile device, jump start your car & inflate tires w/ a single charge
Sexy and sleek cordless flat iron that is small enough to take anywhere with no hassle. Perfect to take on the go!
I'm trying to raise money for my baby sister to get a new wheel chair. She is eight years old and getting bigger. We need a bigger one.
BESEE Bike Light, the waterproof light, with a built-in power bank gadget-charger and universal smartphone holder.
Introducing PluGO, a portable power strip for traveling with international converters for when you’re abroad. Use 1 outlet, get 4
ION X Core - World's Most Affordable Wall Charger
Fast & Portable, it's the smartest backup power solution and ON THE GO.
A groundbreaking solar battery case for iPhone, that makes you completely independent from power outlets. It's awesome.
Turn Your Car Into A Spa With The First Essential Oil Diffuser For Your Car. Throw Out Old Synthetic Air Freshners That Last A Day!
People forgetting to turn off the airconditioner is a massive waste of $$$ and energy - Our device will do it for you if you forget.
Desire+ : World's First QC 3.0 Portable Power Bank with Intelligent Universal Quick Charging and Fully Safety Protect Colour Display
A pen that connects your ideas to the digital world. Works with all desktops, laptops, tablets & mobile devices and priced under $100.
THIS CAMPAIGN HAS BEEN CLOSED BUT A NEW ONE WILL BE LAUNCHED.  PLEASE GO TO: WWW.GORGONSKATELIGHTS.COM FOR MORE INFORMATION
For today's multiplexing world, the Roc. Dock connects your desktop and mobile devices. It creates a whole new user interface mode.
Battery powered LED nightlight with a very small footprint you can stick in your freezer to see without turning on all the lights.
The first Dual Beam CO2 Monitor with built-in WiFi connectivity to any custom service
The freedom of wireless mobile charging without compromise on protection, design and function.
Live Beacon is a small, battery-powered, cloud-controlled device that transmits web content and notifications to nearby smartphones.
We are introducing a new E bike with a powerful mid mount motor and with some other very popular options at a discounted cost.
Not just an incredible survival walking stick... but so, so much more! What every man, woman and outdoorsman should own. SurvivalStik!
World's Lightest Golf Swing Analyzer that provides Instant, Accurate and Detailed Swing Analysis right at your Fingertips.
Imagínate en tu auto con un copiloto que además de monitorear en tiempo real a distancia, puede manipular funciones eléctricas. MOVIN
MAGIC BAGS
Easy. Convenient. Magical 
Probably the best Bag in the world
ENVIRONMENT! GO GREEN!
www.monsterdevices.ca  The commercial lithium-ion rechargeable battery powered cargo strap winder. Saving truck emissions worldwide!
It changed the way to learn cooking. Get your both hands busy and enjoy the smoothest progress ever under the assistance by ChefBot!
SkiSquared Extendee - Slim protective & expandable Android device case with Micro USB, Micro SD, Wireless Charging and X-Port Expansion
Wireless cloud video surveillance for Xbox helps you stay connected with the people and places you love.
Smartphones revolutionized phones, now see them revolutionize your home...with the help of BEMO°
Too many photos & videos to save, upload, organize, enjoy & share?  Then you need memoripod, the best storage device for your memories.
The only powerful, waterproof illuminating bluetooth speaker that keeps the party and your smartphone & tablet rocking all night long.
The SMART CHILD car seat safety latch was designed to give young children a voice and put an end to hot car fatalities.
Gizbee is the first palm-size travel gadget that syncs pics & vids from ALL your cameras/phones/tablets to removable USB flash drives
Limited edition Arduino based 6 digit clock using retro IN-1 large Nixie tubes, including open source hard- & software.
The adorable bear battery inspired by the Chinese Zodiac that can charge your phone in times of need.
SkipTach 270
The ActiveGreen Fruit Fly Trap, is the first ACTIVE fruit fly trap on the market and it works better than anything else available!!
We created the perfect tool for people that own anything with a soft top (Jeep,boat etc.ect.)and those pesky zippers that get stuck!!
Magnijar allows senior citizens and the visually impaired to identify medication in a secure environment, mitigating mis-administration
KeyPal is a lightweight pocket key organiser. Designed to simplify your everyday carry, it is expandable to suit your needs.
BIKE MINE is the world's loudest alarm; the ultimate deterrent against theft of your bicycle, motorbike, boat or jet ski.
Make your charger into a Night Light so you can see to easily plug in your phone in the dark!
Illuminate your bike! Drivers and cyclist will see you at night, and know when you're hitting your brakes. Being seen = Safety.
L.E.D rechargeable multi-functional performance sleeve system for Paint brushes. The Original #GripthatGlows
POWERFUL ENOUGH FOR AMERICA'S BACKYARDS.
BAKE OR ROAST UPTO 12 LBS. - COOK FOR A PARTY OF 14 FRIENDS OR ONLY YOU.  HAPPINESS A WAITS!
A new, simple and personalized way of marking your Golf ball when you need it!
Truly drop and charge for Qi-compatible smartphones of all sizes & 7-8" tablets, stands it up at a optimal charging & viewing position.
While Driving, Stay in Touch with Just One Touch - Reduce the risk of distracted driving resulting from operating a smart phone
Viocase built-in UV lights sanitize your iPhone screen at the push of a button, while the anti-microbial surfaces kill germs 24/7.
EYSE is an essential robotic AI camera with road safety, with live 3D, VR & remote presence on land, air, water, drones, and more!
Get the Worlds First 'LIQUID METAL DISPLAY Watch' with Precision Metal & Glass coverings & Amazing moving liquid metal time indicators!
The best way to protect and share what you care about the most: both objects and files. The digital key is the bracelet!
The future of recording your wedding proposal is here. The first recordable ring case that will allow you to keep that moment forever.
I have decided that no more children need to be forgotten in car seats because we have the technology and skills to make that so!
Zip Hanger is the kitchen storage solution. It will help take away your stresses from the kitchen.
The world's most advanced windshield and side view mirror cover ever created to protect against, snow, ice, and frost.
Know exactly how fast you ride, see when and where you did it AND have the record to prove it!
QliCam is a miniature camera that allows you to make videos of 1080P and take photos of 12 million pixels. Capture any moment!
Rescue yourself from cable hell - this smart idea organises your cables and see what's plugged into what, whilst looking stylish.
splitsecnd is a portable plug & play device that provides crash response, 24/7 emergency assistance and GPS tracking in any vehicle.
Drop proof, ergonomic kid friendly design with handles, lap contour, and directed sound ports. Kid safe, parent approved.
Take back control of your family's precious time together. The Family Unit securely stores and charges up to 4 electronic devices.
The smart lighter that helps you quit smoking.
Micro Hubs is designed to be the largest social network for Entrepreneurs. A place to collaborate and excel your business.
Most Popular 1,000 Indie eBooks on a pre-loaded USB drive. Fiction/non-fiction.  Works with any device.  Total mobility & convenience!
Turn your deck into a smart skateboard with Syrmo sensor and app. Connect your phone to record and share!
Versatile, tough, and easy to use. Full featured EDC tools that don't skimp on usability and will last a lifetime.
Turn any heat into electricity using a gas stove, an open fire, a Benzene burner or even the sun - and power your USB devices.
A phone case that stores a full phone charger including a wall adapter and full length charging cord.  It's compact and convenient!
Reduce Transaction Times, Eliminate Bulk, Prevent Theft, and Add Convenience To Your Life With The World's First Auto-Ejecting Wallet
Transform your skin with a unique sonic facial cleanser & massager that has interchangeable silicone heads. Multiple treatments in one!
The Internet of Things is cool.... Let’s connect your Beer Mug.
We stand for good design. Pun intended. We also stand for people. Real people with busy minds and busy hands.
We are creating a fog free mirror, which unlike others, warms itself up reusing collected light energy
The see through TINTED sun visor and extender
7 Major features for daily driving lifestyle. Perfect idea for Christmas gift.
Rimo is a smart phone mount that allows the person on the other end of a video call to remotely control the phone's movement.
Smart USB outlet with brand new design for each day.
Patent pending kit designed to install into existing coffee makers for convenient accurate water filling in reservoirs with no mess
The world’s only levitating phone charger designed for the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus (also works with the iPhone 6/6s and 6/s Plus)
prototyping a universal bolt on fuel processor that catalyses any hydrocarbon fuel into an efficient and clean burning fuel.
Libercom’s external touch display transforms a smart phone into a tablet with real-time full mirroring.
Key holder w/ Phone Charger, Never Lost Tracking App, Garage Remote, USB Flash Drive, LED Light, Lightning iPhone & Micro USB Android
Versatile Table Top to Travel Cupholder ashwell is offered in fun colors with LED lights. Scented with a Forest Citrus Fragrance.
The alpha-dock is the smartphone dock of the future. Completely modular, completely upgradeable. Custom tailored to you.
GO CLIP, a magnetic earbud organizer for your IPhone 5 or later earbuds to prevent it from turning into a big giant mess.
Three buttons that can be configured according to your wishes, triggering different day-to-day functions in a safe and easy manner.
New resealable tape safe for snack bags is going tailgating with Officially Licensed College Football designs!
The Universal Golf Wrench is compatible with 124 different models of drivers, fairway woods, hybrids, wedges, irons and/or putters.
Clock-E Is a Modern and intricately designed Smart alarm clock with the distinct capability of being able to change people's lives.
A multifunction wireless Internet scope that transforms into many different scopes, connected to your phone, your friends and Internet.
Counterfeiting trading cards is a big business, costing millions in lost revenue
TB: The new generation FPS gaming mouse which takes the gaming experience to a whole new level. Get to experience the 4D.
1/67 Scale Smartphone controlled RC Car with Digital Proportional Steering and interchangeable shells and wheels!
Ride At Your Convenience. A Remote Control Unit Allows You to Be The Rider And Driver! It's Fun, Legal, And Safe For All Skill Levels.
iTager is the universal laser tag system, which can be easily mounted on a weapon, mechanism, staff, or even on the one's hand.
Mindy is a smart, connected planter that monitors and waters an indoor plant and features programmable accent lighting.
More than a thermometer, soltrackr+ has extra health features to help you conquer stress, get enough Vitamin D, avoid sunburns and more
The LED Reel was conceptually spawned from the basic functionality of a simple measuring tape.
Beautiful, aerospace grade, solid metal pyramids forged from Tungsten & Copper. Mirrored finishes and various sizes available.
Ever wanted to control any aspect of your home, but didn't like the huge price tag? This project is for you!
Ugly-free, tangle-free, and seamless. HOMI is your total wireless charging solution for your home, office and car.
PLAY THE GAME..SHARE THE ADVENTURE. Talk up to 4 MILES apart. No Network. No Wires. No Limits. Compatible with FRS/GMRS two-way radios.
T@lkit-M1 is a fully digital, mobile 2-way radio with outstanding quality of service and lots of advanced features.
A big thank you to all of our valued backers! Stay tuned on our latest developments at ShelfieCase.com
We want to create a new generation of smart technology that is affordable for everyone in the form of our futuristic key.
Discover the world around you!
The Most Comfortable Way to Use your Tablet or Phone in Bed.

The Grippy Cushion securely holds and charges your smartphone or tablet
I have found a method to move a vehicle unlike others, a cross between wheeled vehicles and tracked machines. Simple to make, with comm
Rechargeable battery powered electronic dice able to select 2~100 face die or formula, featured with game presets, roll history, etc.
Keep your life charged, essentials chilled, lights on and stay safe. Simple, clean power for the  beach, snow, desert or jungle
A Tool For Modern Education
Easy and affordable DIY saddle fitting system. Take a profile of your horses back. Shows where there's contact and clearance.
A lighter that will really last forever. Made with the best available products in the world.
You are superstars!
A tiny device that will change how you control your home, listen to music, protect your internet and store files on the cloud
MyLeak is an email/text alert water sensor that hooks directly to WiFi. Prototypes done.  Find the leak before it costs you thousands.
The levitating charger that REALLY charges your Apple Watch through the air!
I'm reviving my kickstarter with a better understanding of the process.
Finally a place to store your Smartphone in any car!
A creative, more grown up version of the 'lucky bag' without the moaning to the parents
A home desktop computer based on the Titan supercomputer.
Bored with few blinking patterns? STELLIGHT – ultra bright, app-enabled and self-designed light patterns for safety and fun. Get yours!
The first portable voice activated, hands free, voice text, navigation, media player and rear facing camera solution for any vehicle.
Stability, safety and comfortable using of smartphone in the most necessary moments and in daily life.
Hangs ANY size tablet, or phone, ANYWHERE.
Finally!  An iPad parental control solution that actually works!
Set of stylish accessories and software that makes the most of your smartphone and lets you free from excessive variety of gizmos
Fluid transfer for the automotive, heavy equipment, marine industry. Internal components made of Teflon making it compatible all fluids
Fits in your pocket!
Virtual reality and augmented reality on the go. 
Be everywhere, anywhere you are.
World's Most Advanced All-in-One Wireless Entertainment and Charging Hub for Music Lovers and Techies
Bluetooth headset with wires
Based on the popular app Eyeteq, Eye2TV enhances video so that colour-deficient viewers can distinguish sports teams as never before
2 lines of both Analog and Smart programmable RGB LED Hula hoops that are designed to be weight comparable to a basic polypro hoop.
We are Intermostat! The police monitor and parental guidance to all your Wi-Fi data!
A safer BBQ charcoal starter that lights the first time without lighter fluid and provides an easy transfer of hot coals to the grill.
Change the way you view control, and get IN the game. Let's make your hands become the controller!
Device fills need for home phone with no ongoing cost. Call to/from your home and smartphone. Perfect for children without cell phones.
The worlds's first throwable, floating electronic fish attractor. It will help you catch more fish!
TrackForce is a Wearable Tracking chip that works with a smart Phone App. attach it and track where your loved one is.
Keeps your favourite Latte, Frapuccino, or any other hot beverage delicious at optimal drinking temperature. And it's a phone charger!
The Pedestrian Light is a portable device that illuminates you when you walk, jog, walk the dog or stroller!
Sits in your car keeping your phone charged on the road, but when your phone need extra power just pull it out and keep charging.
The worlds first home assistant with a touch screen, camera and voice control connects everything.
Travel hands-free with Gyro Caddy, the easy-to-use cup-holder that hooks on to your carry-on luggage and keeps your drink upright.
Finally! A Common Sense Electrical Wiring Testing Device Designed by a Professional for Professionals, Homeowners and DIYs, Too!
A 3mm modular iPhone case which provides added value (increased battery life, access to multiple SIM card usage, better camera features
Havent had a proper laptop in nearly half a decade. Mostly because its been too much fun being offline, and figuring out how to be.
Pinn is the first device to combine key features of your smartphone into a wearable Bluetooth clip with earbud/mic and OLED display.
I am a industrial designer & as soon as the Apple watch specs were released I began developing a stand for both the apple watch & phone
STARTS AT $55!  World's First Universal ZEE SMART CORE for all Apple & Android Phones and Tablets. YOU KNOW YOU NEED IT :). Get it NOW!
Cargo maximum carry solution for almost any full size bike 
/Perfect gift for person who has everything but gas money to get groceries
Wireless Baby In Car Indication System
None
Imagine a marketplace that never closes, lets you to purchase goods without paying for the typical overhead costs. Imagine the future!
Bringing WOOFit speakers and headphones to the US. 
Danish Design and high quality.
Have you ever just stood next to your shower fiddling with the nob for minutes until it’s the perfect temperature?
Portable charging device with 6 USB ports that performs like a charging station. Comes with a 40W Solar Panel and also a AC/DC Adapter.
The Backyard Soccer Buddy is a portable (patent pending) machine for kids to practice soccer skills on their own.
The CandlePro ensures that your candle burns evenly, melts wax from the outside to the center and regulates the flame on the wick.
I want to create an alert system prototype to help remind parents that their child is in the vehicle before they exit.
You Can Touch Today The Future Of Your Security - 
iTouch ID
The Arc is ready in any condition. Its unique design makes it both waterproof and buoyant. This is the best fire tool for any element.
With this innovative new I-JUMP charger YOU configure/reconfigure it as your daily needs change. Screwable capsules allow you to do so.
I have noticed a need for greater control of access to electrical items for 3 main reasons.
Safety- 
Cost Control-
General access-
RollScout™ is a beautiful, network enabled toilet paper holder, which ensures that you and your guests are never stuck without a roll.
It's time to get artistic with our bicycle technology. Want to ride in style? Get your very own Popsicle Stick bicycle to ride!
Hoversled is the world's first purpose-built, electric, ultralight personal hovercraft designed for sledding.
Wearable protection that is as necessary to your workout as gloves are to surgery. Eliminates germs/bacteria on equipment with one wipe
Comfort, security and safety at home.  Secure and charge 8  devices at once. No one is unplugged. A necessity for the connected family.
Travis the singing tooth will make it "FUN" when your children are brushing their teeth.
Level Minder will sound an alarm,send you a text or turn off your water before your bath tub or sink accidently overflows
Trim Trays are light laptop bud trimming surfaces that separate pollen from weed, they're used by flower, cannabis or marijuana trimmer
Portable Intel Edison low energy computer with bluetooth, wifi, rechargeable battery pack, SD card, and USB hub connectivity.
All of us deserve a new feeling of clean and healthy skin, the tools work instantly, not since the toothbrush a true innovation for all
The Most Intelligent Fragrance Dispenser Ever! 21st Century fragrant dispenser that you control with iPhone, Android, Touch Activation
Meet Moon- the world's simplest way to take a perfect selfie.
PetPenser is the first intelligent food dispenser for the pets we love controlled via smartphone.
Master Keys Pro is a smart new all-in-one tool for music, gaming, graphics, CAD, home users & others from beginners to professionals.
RevoCases, LLC was established in order to revolutionize how the world powers mobile technology.
Virtual Reality is so cool on our smartphones! Now your VR viewer fits in a pocket with this collapsible viewer/case.
My goal is to design and build an affordable CNC Mill & Drill that can be safely used indoors.
Video and Print Fused in a Greeting Card. Upload your video to our website, choose or create a design and we will deliver it worldwide.
The Hot Box solves the problem of tasteless healthy snacking by satisfying the mouth with warmth.
Elegant, Convenient and Smart Charging. The world's first SMART CHARGING TOWER to easily keep your devices energized and ready to go!
The Only Game Day Smart Beer Mug. Does your Beer Mug light up your teams colors when they score? ePint Does!
Roamkey - Faster + Data Protection + Charge upto two devices simultaneously + Charge any two devices with any device + Multi Functional
The 360Mini is the World´s first 360° Projector, which lets you enjoy panoramic images and videos as a seamless roundview.
Cable that allows Android Phone to recharge your Phone battery. Works with Samsung, Sony, HTC, LG, Nexus or any other newer gen model
World's first - PC + JUMP STARTER + POWER BANK + FLASH LIGHT in One sinlge smart device
FPS gaming using a keyboard is stone age tech. Lets make gaming history together and fund this new Hybrid, custom gaming controller.
This is a car seatbelt holder specially designed for any car.
We've developed the world's first modular monitoring system, based on IoT and smart home technologies.We have filed a patent applic.
The NoPhone is now available for $12 (with free shipping in the United States)
4K Video. 13MP photos. microSD up to 128gb. Wireless charging. 
Extra lenses and flash enhancer.
Spycup gives you the power to film anything! Capture things that matter using your iPhone.
Vividly remember beautiful dreams with you in control. Let Dreammaster open your mind with 10 tools for Lucid Dreams & Refreshing Sleep
Discover the bracelet against electricity.
Best friend for babies and children.
You protect children against electrocution.
Duo Slim features a hi-fi Bluetooth enabled speaker system & 2500mAh battery, providing a completely new way to experience your music
Automating trip log records will save an average of 30 hours of tedious work per year and even thousands of dollars in tax deductions
World’s First Smart Headphones. Play music WITHOUT a phone! Voice Control, HD Music Player, 36GB, WiFi, Pandora and more!
Protect your iPhone, iPad and Mac-Book charging devices from failure due to frayed and shredded wires.
Record streaming radio/music, phone calls, and anything you can listen to with headphones to an MP3, easily, with the RecorderPlugin!
The Matchbook - What you need, WHERE you need it, PRECHARGED and ready to go, no cord required, EVER!
Astracase Moi is the most convenient way to hold your cell phones and tablets.  Never again be left with a broken cell phone!
A steampunk machine that continually monitors and displays world indicators of risk, uncertainty and extreme climate events.
This priceless technology helps you feed your fish. 'Feeding fish' allows freedom from never forgetting to feed your fish ever again.
Instant Power to charge the battery of ANY USB mobile device like your Android tablet, IPad or IPhone, eCig, lights anytime you need
It is a tiny accessory called GTEAR for EarPods. GTEAR can prevent EarPods from falling off your ears continuously while doing sports.
Tried of loosing those brand new provs in the lake. Now just toss in your Golf Ball Seeker and pull out 10+ golfballs with ease!!
WMETT is a Point of Sales terminal that conducts financial transactions with smart devices over a Wifi/Bluetooth/3G/4G connection.
A mixed reality Hologram for your Anime Figures, Accessories, Furnishings and Playthings
This ever happen to you?  Away from home or car and you need to charge your cell phone?  What do you do?  We have the answer.  Read on.
Most powerful Samsung dock - turn your phone into a desktop computer,  charge and read pictures from any devices, IOS devices too
Combating mosquitoes, mosquito borne diseases, and the deadly poisons being sprayed in our communities a back yard at a time.
Ultra low cost personal body scanner. Takes the hassle out of shopping. Quickly and precisely takes your measurements for a perfect fit
Help us reach our goal of getting Earbud Magic Pods V1 launched and into stores worldwide!
A powerful multi-purpose device for you to create lots of cool features that is all controlled via one app!
A Multi-purpose USB Cable  - Card reader, USB data cable OTG with high capacity power-bank built in.
Eliminate battery anxiety while traveling. VoltVoyage is the world's first luggage suitcase with wireless charging built-in.
Passive mat made from recycled polyethylene uses heated environment friendly PGX antifreeze to melt snow & Ice off walkways and steps.
Flicksee - Capture Your Moments in Endless Ways
Walkpad is a little extension for your PS4 controller. Connect it through the usb port and transform your controller in a music device.
Providing children with a fun environment to help them in the areas of strength, movement, sensory processing, communication and more.
A precise electronic appliance and a smartphone application designed for millions of people willing to control their weight.
Smart case with removable button remote to control music, snap selfies, launch GPS, activate tracking beacon plus much more!
Never forget whether you locked your door with the forget-me-not key.
It's the evolution of the travel pillow - REAL support for your head and neck with built-in, high-tech features.  (Jet Comfy)
Apple MFi Certified 3000mAh iPhone 6 Battery Case with Wireless Charging Dock. Optional Apple Watch Charging Stand Included.
The One Shot No Spill is an motion activated targeting system to assist men with their aim when using a toilet bowl day and night.
A fun loving teddy bear that is soft, cuddly and will always use its eyes to help kids sleep through the night.
New concept cleaning device for bricktoys that every kid and kidult need all around the world. Educative, Convenient, Clean!
E-ink portable word processor for writers! Write anywhere, anytime and in any weather with a 2-month battery life and waterproofing.
State of the art Training Projectiles for Military, Law Enforcement, MilSim, Airsoft, and Paintball!
Stiamo rivoluzionando il modo in cui si viaggia in Metro...

We are revolutionizing your Metro travel...
SparkSlide Version 2.0 will have a credit card holder, bottle opener, Plated Coil lighter, & Battery Pack for the Iphone7/7+
10ft + Black Steel Tips + 100% Apple Certified (MFi) Lightning + Ultra-Thick Coiling + Tangle Free Braiding
The JuiceBox, the lightweight, simple, and efficient solution to short battery life.
The KoolZone is a multi purpose relaxation tool customized for pure enjoyment. Perfect for the beach or any other outdoor activity.
This project is for alternative energy, solar, wind, and hydro current flow cabling and connections relating to power storage.
Infinity is a small, secure and speedy solution to extend your laptop’s storage capabilities.
Air Cooler + Cooler + Fan = COOLMORE. It is portable, elegant and "green".
A portable USB device that enables you to protect your online identity, privacy and security. Simple plug & play. Works with PC or Mac.
A Travel Shaving RAZOR that fits in a card holder !
Motion sensored disinfectant door knob mister to help keep germ level down.
Smart Systems Engineering
With a credit card size package, never get caught without toilet paper again!
The old gold rush recovery systems are outdated and require modern technological changes and new equipment to maximize gold production.
A small generator that clips to a belt, looks like a hockey puck and charges your phone by walking!
Project Canceled
Worlds Easiest Installation.Anti Blue Light.Bubble Free. 9H Hardened Glass.Explosion Proof Just Some Of The Great Features
We have created 'One Cup Holder to Hold them All.' This design automatically adjusts to accommodate almost all beverages up to a 44oz.
We search the world for the latest innovations of ocean sport technology. Get your ticket to "the next level" of ocean experience!
Wearable Cooling Technology
With Unlost, make your environment (home) smarter by creating your private network of connected objects
Space technology of energy storage for mobile devices. 
Great potential for ecologically sustainable source of energy.
Tired of using a brochure to save Bob's spot? Reserve It is just for you! Mark saved seats in your own bold way!
Selfie Feet attaches to your shoe and allows users to snap the perfect picture with the help of a remote control
Outrigger Now for ANY Paddleboard for Fishing Scuba Diving Hunting Camping & Leisure. Eliminate turnover and losing your expensive gear
A magnetic switch operated purse light.
Flashlight in the mouth while working? This is where it should be. Forget head lamps.
I have built my own small cnc lathe and have started making signage connectors and perspex display screens for individuals desk units
Our Clogged Filter Monitor (CFM) simplifies knowing when to change your filter. Simple to install and consistently accurate!
A 90 minute futuristic dance show that blends technology with dramatic human/ alien and audience interaction.
Land your micro/nano/mini quadcopter in less time as possible.
The drone shown in the picture is for illustration purposes only.
The world's first Installation-free rechargeable SmartLock that works without your keys or smartphone! The SmartLock that has it all!
Eating smart just got a whole lot easier; designed with your family in mind, healthier and balanced eating based on dietary goals !
A portable device with the ability to boil water, brew coffee or tea, heat soup, steam fresh produce, and prepare a variety of foods.
Hand-made unique cases with your favorite retro gaming characters and nerdy pop culture icons.
Canceled
Do you have problems going up and down the stairs at night? Well you need the Slights!
The World's Smallest Portable emergency iPhone Charger! 
(Micro USB version also available)
Vending Machines that dispense first aid kits.
epick is an electric guitar pick that turns green or red depending if you strummed the right note. The most epic way to learn to play.
I never get along with my managers, no matter the job, and I have always thought about running my own business. So here's my shot.
i want to equip students Carillon school,Longueuil(like my twins) with electronic tablet
360 Degree protection for iPhone 6 (4.7") and iPhone 6 Plus (5.5) without adding ant bulk. Only just add 4 mm in the thickness.
Meet the Dice O'matic, or as we like to call it, the "Cheater Defeater." Now you can run a tabletop RPG with mostly honest players.
The Solo Tea is a smart mug controlling for you the infusion cycle of your loose tea or tea bags. Perfect tea result guaranteed!
The best spreader with holes for cold butter
One Knife does it all. 3 functions, grater, slicer and curler. Top Quality!
Do you own a pond? Ever wondered what your fish can see? If so help fund this project to create the worlds smallest sub with camera!
FIRE GLOVES - sounds as awesome it sounds. this is a prop and comes in a none working order. cant ship propane.
Orbi can scramble an egg inside the shell perfectly within just 20 seconds.
A new listening device connected to the cloud
Boltivate allows you to monitor, lock and secure your home from anywhere in the world using your smart phone device.
Smart toy helps kid learn & communicate. Born mobile, it makes parenting easier than ever and delivers kid's voice to you over the air.
Powerful, Compact, Durable, Waterproof, Reliable Flashlight 
                  3800LM to Illuminate Your World
This Powerful Automatic Camera Drone Fits in Your Palm. One-Touch Take-Off and landing, Live Wi-Fi, Throw-to-Fly, & MORE!
Rob is a wonderful human being. As his close friend I am asking for some donations to buy him something he will cherish for life.
The world's first modular computing projection system -  iBeamBLOCK represents the next generation of Projectors.
iphone 7 case with built in auxiliary jack
me and my friend Andrew want to make a DJ Roomba for our house next year
RECON is a portable Bluetooth mouse that you can take anywhere. It helps you work efficiently, just as you would in your office.
A Real  World's smallest smart  Remote Control, Ezy Control all Appliances,(Infrared).Compatible: For IOS and Android smart phones.
No more flat, flavorless beer! Our Mission is simple: We want every beer lover to know the best way to experience their favorite beer.
Animator® is a new, fully programmable, version of driver-to-driver communication device called Drivemotion™.
Watch TV while lying flat on the bed or couch.
LMcable is the world’s first cable containing a 2-in-1 connector that can work on both micro USB and lightning devices.
Upgrading my desktop computer to learn more about computer building while showing the world what I create as a I learn.
The most affordable portable medical camera pen to capture all your medical conditions.  Gives you up to 30 times magnification.
So long, plunger! Happy Poo is
Easy to use and time saving.
No other necessary tools.
Just "Wipe, Paste, Flush and Push"- That's all
Sumato Smart Case is next generation battery case for smart phone. It's Sleek, Lightweight & Shock proof.
ClickStick+: precise, ideal for traveling, eco-friendly and fun. Take your everyday personal care to a whole different level.
With a USB that works in either angle and a lifetime warranty, FlexiCable is a more durable and bright way to charge your device..
Powerful - Capable of jump starting a car.  Functional - Capable of charging four devices at once.  Portable - Fits in a glove box.
The new 3-in-1 portable drive which guarantees speed and security for ALL of your devices!
Fully Electric 100% Wind Proof Rechargeable Lighters. With this project we aim to make our lighters available to consumers worldwide.
Auto. Power Shut-off, Keep Battery Healthier& Extend Its Life. Charge 2x as Fast. LED& Magnet End. Durable, Colorful with Right Length.
Plug & Play encrypted communication and finances as beautiful as a Bond Gadget, even Q would be Jealous.
Super Strong and Stylish. 

All in one cable for IOS and Micro USB. 

One cable for every Smartphone, Tablet and Device.
Pigs could catch Ebola this Christmas. I will pray for them all if I receive £395.
Working replica Pip Boy from the Fallout Series
GREEN KEYPER strives to create the World's best multi-function golf tool. DIVOT TOOL / BALL MARKER / CLUB & CIGAR PROP / GROOVE CLEANER
The Phoenix is getting 40% slimmer! Double your iPhone battery life with the world's slimmest smart charging case.
A power savings device to help the service industry save on electrical costs.
Life Moves Fast. Capture Every Moment! With the world's smallest, lightest and most versatile wearable video camera : MeCam NEO!
A PS3 case mod , that give the player more comfort and more mobility
State-of-the-Art Protection, Technology and Innovation. The world's finnest wearable gadget/protector made for iPhone 7 6 5 and Galaxy.
Doubles battery life, Protects your phone, Indicates with LED,  in a range of fashionable colors.
A smartphone build by you easy with help from our magic kit. No need to be a professional engineer to do it. Is just simple,accurate!
A sporty-edgy twist on your commute. Redefining the scooter, with technology, safety, affordability and style! ECO=SMART
Changing the way you reading, your daily life, your Mobile-life and more.
Ericam Portable Wearable Sports Video Cam Camcorder Bluetooth Headset for any smart phone
The worlds first multi-functional, multi-purpose,
hand-held washing device.
Smart tail light that can alert others about accidents or unauthorized bike movement. Light Sensitive and App Customizable LED pattern
Smart Protektor World's first cable to Fast Charge, Transfer Data and Protect.
chug
Rippo buletooth speaker is the world first  visualization which can let  you play music at the same time see the water lines.
Power on the go for all your mobile devices - charge wherever you are!
World’s First Underwater Flashlight, Car Jump Starter and Power Bank  - Charge your Cell, Charge your GoPro, Jump your Car
Small & simple GPS Tracker for small pets (dogs cats). Une balise GPS adapté aux petits animaux (chiens chats) simple d'utilisation.
We aim to bring to the market an eco friendly way to get around town, saving people in time, parking, fuel, rego, taxes, space, etc
Okay, I don't NEED a drone, but I really really want one so I can play around with it and do fun things and share my experiences w/ it!
On-the-go, compact, disposable power bank that will recharge your battery in a pinch.
A small powerful tool to solve the problem of a dead battery while on the go. Either on your keychain or in your pocket, LiteLife.
Automatic Christmas Tree Feeder. Help save lives and save yourself a lot of hassle when it comes to watering your Christmas tree.
BLAZER. Powerful handmade handheld Class IV Laser.
Guaranteed quality & incredible life span.
Forget tapping phone screen, get instant alerts right on your finger.
Tired of lies, brokenpromises, and infidelity?No more lies lie detector will detect a lie within 5 secs. Anyonethat invests gets $20off
Sick and tired of losing your stuff? TrackerPad solves that problem and helps your track down your lost items.
iPhone case with built-in battery pack and projection keyboard
The 3 screen mobile office that fits in your bag and comes with a simple, powerless setup.
ILDOCK lets you use your wired headphone while charging your iPhone. You can also read SD, TF and USB drive with ILDOCK Plus
StarBoardz was created to integrate a new way of transportation to the rest of the world.
unser LifeLink Lightning / USB Kabel ist eine neue Art Kabel das in jedes Portmonee passt, es ist das Kabel für immer dabei.
Never replace flashlight batteries again! JiffyLight uses water to activate its 3 LED lights to brighten any emergency! Eco-friendly!
360 degree distortion data cable lamp
The anonabox is an open source embedded networking device designed specifically to run Tor. It's 100% Open Source.
TeslaX is the Lighter Designed for the Modern World
