With industrial strength and digital smarts, go beyond prototyping and start manufacturing right from your desktop.
Variable 15W hot multi tool with soldering iron, hot knife, needle, spade, and scooper tips! USB rechargeable!
FabPocket is an educational & practical box for 3D printing. You can print what you want with the 3D printer that you build yourself.
Boost HP improve gas mileage and REVERSE wear/age by smart nanoparticle material developed with the DoE, NASA and NSF CarBoss Mobility
We are working on the development of high resistance clamping systems for the industries.
Develop a low cost Surfboard Shaping Machine. Allowing allSurfboard Shapers to compete against Industry Giants on an even playing field
Das SmileyMobil Hängermodul kann auf jeden beliebigen Anhänger verspannt werden und gilt als Ladung. Absetzfunktion Werkzeuglos.
From 3D Drawing to a Real Part in a Day. That's Incredible!
Using hydrophobic nanotechnology, with one layer of coating, and it will be waterproof in 5 minutes! Local start-up.
A complete digital fabrication system for makers everywhere: 3D print, laser, carve, plot, assemble, pick/place + more on your desktop!
Lasers are a wonderful technology - too wonderful to be used only in heavy industrial machines. Let's bring it to your desktop!
Create circuit boards in minutes, from home, at the cost of a cup of coffee - Squink prints conductive ink and assembles your circuit.
The MicroSlice is a Build-It-Yourself kit, uses Open Source Software, and can be easily assembled at home by just about anyone.
Rapidly transforms into 3 kinds of machines: CNC Mill, 3D Printer & Laser Engraver while enhancing precision & power with ballscrews
Carvey is a new, remarkably easy to use, tabletop 3D carving machine for making ideas into real objects. Make your mark.
An innovative, portable tool run from apps on smartphones, tablets or PCs. Push-button CNC technology for jobsites and DIY projects!
This board is perfect for any robotics project that needs stepper motors like a DIY CNC, laser engraver, or 3D printer.
Design a laser cutter and make the building process repeatable for others. The result is an affordable and easy to maintain system for everybody.
The Creation Station is a high performance, low cost CNC router designed for the maker, hobbyist, artist or educator.
The FR4 is a 3 axis shield, cape, or hat for milling, laser engraving, and more assembled from a kit.
Solid State Laser attachment to fit Shapeoko 2 CNC. Provides Laser cutting and engraving. Software support for photos.
Cut any material with digital precision using high pressure water. A compact waterjet for every workshop.
First ever affordable 5axis multi-fabricator that brings most advanced fabrication right to your desk
Evo-One is a ready-to-run CNC Mill that gives life to your ideas from any materials.
The kikori is an open source entry-level machine for small businesses.  My main goal is to stimulate local manufacturing and design.
We're preparing to release version 2.0 of our free, open-source plans for a robotic cutting machine that you can build yourself.
An open source 4 by 8 foot CNC cutting machine for under $500. A router designed to let you cut big, useful things out of wood and more
The UNIBURR is a deburring tool bit that quickly repairs damaged bolts to thread nuts in place once more, saving you time and money.
3D foam cutter for makerspaces ; fully automatic 4 axis CNC in an  easy DIY kit. Also builds moulds and models at same time.
This project aims to bring a glassblowing lathe to every shop. Coming in at less than $2k in parts, this lathe is accessible to all!
Pocket NC - The first 5 axis CNC mill for your desktop.
For CNC enthusiasts seeking affordability AND performance driven open source CNC machines.
Stepcraft universal desktop CNC solution. Turn your ideas into reality - CNC milling, 3D Printing, Laser Cut/Engraving and much more!
Cast-Right is a patent-pending vertical casting system for casting pen blanks vertically; all you need is your pressure pot and epoxy.
Innovative circle guides for woodworkers, hobbyists, and machinists who need to cut and drill precise circular patterns.
An intelligent and versatile creative desktop tool for artists and makers. Plot, Airbrush, Laser and Dispense.
The easy, fun and affordable way to craft objects and creations in your home or studio through the accessible art of vacuum forming.
A Universal jig for bicycle frame builders. One tool for attaching ISO disc brake tabs to bicycle frames AND forks!
A simple, rugged, expandable, modable, filament extruder and multipurpose fabrication tool.
An every day carry utility scalpel made in the USA of grade 5 titanium. Great for all occasions.
Delta Groove Guitars building Cigar box guitars, Necks, Pickups for over 8 years. we are planning to add CNC tooling to our offering
Ever wish there was a way to glue parts together without making a mess, slopping glue all over a project?
ShapeOko is a dead simple Open-Source desktop CNC machine with an estimate build price of about $300. Get into CNC without going broke!
Students from the Polytechnic University of Catalonia, design and build an electric motorcycle for MotoStudent competition.
A fixture for bicycle frame builders. A tool for attaching Flat Mount disc brake caliper mounts to bike frames.
Sleek and versatile LCD Control interface for your 3D printer / CNC and micro controller projects. Lots of nav functions and LEDs.
A fixture for bicycle frame builders. A tool for attaching Post Mount disc brake tabs(caliper mounts) to bicycle frames and forks.
Completing this Lab will allow students across the country the access to technology bringing their computer created designs to life.
An easy to use precision assembly dowel pin guide that protects your parts and your hands!
A new way to CNC - single board with 4 powerful motor drivers, power from ATX PSU, and... wait for it... integrated wireless comms!
Introducing the drum caps that connect to garden hoses to clean and cycle your old water supply.
Squirrel Die Press will offer custom hydraulic press dies made out of plexiglass as well as digital design assistance.
As construction of a new mainline steam locomotive continues, your help is needed to start the next phase rolling.
Expert tutorials on Autodesk's FREE "Easy-To-Use" Meshmixer software: 20+ Hrs, Mini Kid's Course,140+ Total Videos, 80+ Tools Explained
Stop wasting build materials/failed prints! Recycle & build your own filament. Blend different colors to have your own UNIQUE filament!
Our use of energy does a lot of damage to the environment every day. With your help, we can change everything.
Allows anyone to make high quality lenses in any environment. The lens maker is designed to be simple, reusable and repeatable.
Piranha Fx is the Make Anything machine: carve, laser engrave and 3D print - all with one easy-to-use machine and user interface.
SMART DIGITAL TAPE,TOUCH NEW ERA
Prometheus is Not a 3D printer - it quickly carves, drills, and shapes your PCB so you don't have to wait for a delivery truck.
The Southern Sawdust Multi-tool was developed to give you, the creator, the ability to bring your dreams to life!
The reliable and affordable desktop pick-and-place machine for every workshop. Assemble your own PCB prototypes, get to market faster.
Ever-lasting Energy For Every House!!!
The world's greatest stick welding system has now arrived
The Patent Pending Dimide Clamp is a revolutionary clamp with impact wrench compatibility. Stop struggling hand tightening clamps!
A multi-use dustpan; Upside down it 's a dustpan; right side up it's amazing. Saves time cleaning up yard cuttings or after a disaster
Insomnia skis is an e-commerce website which allows you to design and create a tailored ski. Ski flex patterns, camber adjustments as w
CAMbot is a low cost, precise and easy to build and use desktop CNC router kit.
No more tangles, broken spools, or wasted wire. The wYerBox guarantees smooth wire pulling for electricians everywhere!
Ever want to build something but couldn't make, find, or afford, the part you needed? Problem solved!
A shortage has began, we need to get students welding to save this industry...create an affordable training facility to help youth.
your angle grinder will never be the same with 360 °
- 
la tua smerigliatrice (flex) non sarà più la stessa con 360°
We're a non-profit organization that sets up & delivers indoor Organic grow operations. It's our mission to help end global starvation.
Help create a residential, Eco-Friendly, power washing initiative. Using Earth friendly methods to protect family's property values.
Teaching science, math, engineering, and technology (STEM) through the building of and electric guitar.
FabCreator CO2 Laser Cutters; a smarter and open source choice for your creative laser cutting needs.
Foam cutting attachment for Solderdoodle! Recharge from a USB port! Replaceable tips. Easy-to-use! Solder and cut plastic too!
Mit der Pflasterbürste säubern Sie mithilfe eines Akkuschraubers oder einer Handbohrmaschine vermooste Fugen, Mauern, Pflaster etc.
Need money to purchase bluing tubs, electroless nickle plating equipment and a laser engraver for my gunsmithing shop
Build your own custom slotted fretboards.  Not just a tweaked CNC machine, this is designed from the ground up to slot fretboards.
Grip-it holds your mobile phones in place.
When filming or photoshoots  Grip-it keeps your device secure and safe.
An extension ladder stabilizer to access inside and outside corners, use as a stand off, use on a tree or pole with space for tools.
The first affordable self extruding large format 3D printing head. From "pellets to project". No filament needed!!!
ALYNN Enterprise is the manufacturer of 4Way Traction. This product is unique and will be used to keep vehicles from being stuck.
Construction of the prototype of a buoy that is able to desalinize the sea water with its own energy. Solves energy problems and health
Reproducing plastic parts in the restoration of a 1976 Ford Pinto.  These parts are not available in junk yards and must be reproduced.
Inexpensive light weight structural framing system that is interchangeable with 80/20's 1010 framing system
OSCNC -  Is an open source CNC Router designed to run from mach3 or linux CNC (EMC2). This machine will allow for full 3D machining.
The Epiphany...The ONLY portable CNC machine:  
Design anything, 
anywhere
 and on any surface!
New Social Enterprise: carbon neutral lawn mowing by pedal & solar power, composting clippings, eco-spraying. Lawns to native gardens.
Professional shop for people to rent tools and space for the do it yourself mechanic.
Take my manual mill and convert it into a CNC milling machine. I live for fabrication, and will use it only for the good of man kind.
Pear Vision is dedicated to training and employing unemployed U.S. veterans in the field of eyewear and lens manufacturing.
RFberryPi is a new wireless system to build custom home automations network. No more limits with open source software and architecture!
Pressed Penny Machines at Sturgis, SD
55,000 Americans suffer hand injuries from power miter saws requiring hospitalization, many of the injuries involve severed fingers!
Gutter Vacam is helping people to clean their gutters easier without going up the ladder and save them a lot of money
Battery runs out on your cordless tool?  Pick up reCORDED (a wall outlet power supply for your cordless tools) and finish the job!
Working to create and improve apparel, items, publish writings that support our nation and the freedoms guaranteed therein and more.
Why should precision fabrication be limited to machine shops and fab labs? The Versa3D is your personal desktop fabrication machine.
Using RF Antenna this is for coating objects with any metals, Titanium, Copper Etc. Prototype has successfully coated materials for R&D
A self powered hydraulic floor Jack of massive proportions! With a push of a button it effortlessly lift 5tons an unheard of 36"
Want to do Wood Working, Welding or Metal Work, but don't have the tools to do it? Why not go out to The Shop. We have all the tools!
I want to print custom digital photography on canvas at home. Bought everything and a broken large format printer. Need a new printer.
Trying to make the oilfield a safer and more efficient place to work.
The DLS is a 50w (or upgrade to a 70w version!) laser cutter  and engraver designed for the professional.
We want to build a site that brings amazing wholesale pricing right to HVAC contractors, technicians, and even consumers hands.
The HONING H312 - A desktop CNC mill, built with alloys in mind.
We have created a tox free (food safe) tube bending formula. One that is easy to use, cheap to buy and will deliver fantastic results.
MAKER TOOL DrillEver puts pressure on the back of your power drill to help you drill studs and joists easier, faster, safer and better.
Purchase fabrication equipment to produce HIGH volume products in USA to lower unit costs and decrease shipping times to customers.
Precision Stop is an auto-positioning tool to inexpensively and accurately measure material for cutting.
The PCB Rax is an easy to use, versatile printed circuit board holder for repair, prototyping , and assembly.
A fast way to replace carpet tiles without removing all your cubicles and unplugging your computer system with zero downtime.
I am looking for help on innovating my pine straw baling operation. I'd like to mechanize my operation since baling by hand is hard.
Industrial grade mini shredder for use in preparing recyclable and compostable material to be remade into more valuable items.
Trying to create a small job CNC plasma welding shop, your funds will buy you time on the cnc.
Learn how to source materials and equipment, Learn to make 20 metalwork projects inc. Gates, railings, Log Burners, Trailers, etc...
This is an interchangeable machine that can CNC, 3D print, Laser Cut, and CNC route many materials
A set of fixtures for bicycle framebuilders. Front and rear mounting jigs for attaching ISO disc brake tabs to bicycles frames.
WE have perfected a mixing mat for concrete that allows you to mix a bag of concrete in less than a minute!!
A revolutionary new concept in custom FLOATING hand tools and accessories. Marine grade quality equipment in standard and metric sets!
PlierTek is a the solution for the repair of broken damaged corner frames on iPhone & iPad devices, very easy to use cuts repair time.
purchase a chrome plating system for items that are rusting away in junkyards & refurbish them to generate an income & build a business
I am calyx. Ive built many mini bikes. But the problem is. Portability! Ive been designing a Ultra Mini Bike, that can fit in any trunk
I want to change how we farm. Be a trend setter and lead the way to a healthier tomorrow by using technology to change organic farming.
Youre First CNC router, Lathe, 3D printer, or a Laser Engraver. 
Je eerste CNC frees, draaibank, 3D printer, of laser graveer machine.
Engineering fascinates me, and I want to learn the basics of CNC machining. I aim to obtain a desktop CNC router as a learning aid.
Machine that will change the roofing industry by Lowering Labor Cost, Increase Productivity, Return Investments, Waste Management
We are a team of students from Cal Poly San Luis Obispo who seek to advance the prototyping world with a DIY desktop extruder.
A new CNC machine design and build to help me produce prosthetic hands for children
Stencil Deck
100+ Icons
26 Aluminum Cans
BACK BY POPULAR DEMAND!
Accutech will manufacture one last batch of Miter Mills.
A carpenters chainsaw mill you can use with gas saw
I want to build an small, automated, affordable weaving loom in full aluminium and wood parts. This for home based business worldwide.
Fully automated plate rolling machine for shipbuilding - airplane - based on extensive research and development since 2005, patented
A powerful, innovative, and dynamic liquid cooling system
We are creating a permaculture school to teach people to grow food, repair landscape & build community.
Introducing THE BATBLADE, an oscillating tool accessory that easily cuts through asphalt shingles, aluminum, fiberglass and much more!
A truly ergonomic multi tip ratcheting socket & screw driver. 100% recyclable. T-Rex puts the "Torque in the tool, not in your wrist!"
So I would love to develop a company to produce custom motorcycle parts that are not as expensive as they are these days.
A simple design to save time, money and physical energy using a fish tape
Our Focus is Mega Floating Platform development for air/seaports, encouraging seabound development, benefiting the environment.
The SaverTooth takes a bite out of unsafe construction tasks by securing materials and leaving the hands free to use tools properly.
Education is everything.  Reproduction GTA's are essential for instructors to teach how it works and collectors enjoy the nostalgia.
Using a laser engraving system, students will learn the fundamentals of Design and Technology and create products for their school.
The Pumpersock is designed to minimize personal injury to operators and crewmembers of pumping equipment.
This tool is used to make holes in the channel of a paint can, allowing the paint that builds up on the rim to drip back into the can
A multi-tool for the fine dining server. Combining the most common functions, regularly needed, fashioned in a modern handheld fixture
my project is a tool safe box that runs the entire length of your pickup truck  bed and can hold 1000 pounds.
A novel and unique all fiber mode-locked pulsed laser structure allowing arbitrary repetition rate at a virtually arbitrary wavelength
I'm working on a project to try and devise a way to power cars with changing electromagnetic flux. This may change the energy game!
PRIME Is here to help make your imagination become reality. Using 3D printing we can make your creative ideas come to life.
Low budget but high quality cnc milling machine for everyone! Suitable for milling, laser cut, 3D-print, engraving and much more!
This is a revolutionary wrench design allow for future applications never thought possible with an adjustable wrench.
Raising funds for a new CNC one penny at a time! Donate to help students learn CNC technology.
Accurate, easy and affordable end to end solutions for applying your imagination to 3D objects.
This is a revolutionary wrench design allow for future applications never thought possible with an adjustable wrench.
We are developing a new 3-D street light retrofit kit to be insert in Cities existing Cobra head.
Aspiring entrepreneur raising funds to purchase new tools for my knife making workshop. Building my dream, one piece at a time.
The most affordable easy to use revolutionary saw guide, light weight and built tough, used by tradesmen. Cut like a pro.
In order to improve working conditions of lots, I want to convert my prototype loom into an solid aluprofile-knex weaving device.
Mit einem völlig neuen Taschengerät lässt sich der aktuelle Ölzustand im Motor präzise in wenigen Sekunden ermitteln.
Einen offenen Bandschleifer kann man nich kaufen, sondern nur bauen. Ich baue einen und teile mit Euch die Bauanleitung und CAD Dateien
Professionalize www.biokernsprit.org, a website on "Fuel from Biomass and meltsafe Nuclear Heat" - in both appearance and content.
Please fund the cost of a Glowforge Basic with Air Filter Laser Cutter for my classroom. My classroom is a maker space classroom.
Welding & Fabrication shop trying to make a difference in the local community.
The combustion engine of today.
A high precision, high strength linear motion extrusion for CNC routers, lasers, plasma cutters, robotics and cinema camera sliders.
Portable revolutionary tool to cut Brick, Brick Pavers, Engineered Stone without using electricity. Cuts masonry products in a snap.
Never again search for bits in the midst of your chaotic toolbox und waste precious time - thanks to FLIP-ON-BIT.
I am honored that I was able to invent such a tool.  For once in my life, I am proud of my mind.  Thank you for your time.
I am designing wire strippers with replaceable heads and trying to design it for all different size of wire from really small to big
The Quick Cup is used to install finishing cups on fire sprinklers in any space from a high stair well, ceiling or side mount on a wall
This product is just as necessary for many business sectors, as the can opener are for your home..:)
A stand to use your phone or tablet while in bed while charging.
The idea is to Explore the mystery ocean with affordable submarine that is comfortabel,high Technology, fast and safe. (International)
Dispositivo de corte de emergencia de cinturon de seguridad y rotura de lunas.Diseñado para todos los cinturones de seguridad.
I'm designing a specialty tool that cuts and bevels pipe to make work easier on the performer & save tim. It is called a beveling disc.
Die Brandschutzmatte wurde entwickelt um Objekte, vorrangig Häuser, vor herannahenden Waldbränden zu schützen.
Disposable bags that alert busy dog owners when their beloved puppy or dog catches a disease or virus that is making him/her sick.
Airstone Boat Barrier is the ultimate protection for your boat from flying gravel. You don't have to lose that showroom shine!
Please help me start this business for are environment to make it a better place
The patented Any-Length tool enables you to get into hard to reach areas.  Funding is required for manufacturing & distribution.
Orbit1 is an efficient, easy to use electroplating device that coats almost anything in metal, at only $2/g.
The machine that creators have always wished for is here. 3D printing, CNC milling & injection molding all in one multi-machining tool.
Laser cutters are precise, versatile, useful and expensive! Three of these are good, one is bad. I'm going to fix the bad one.
My project is to get some troubled teens to take there negative energy and turn into a positive and build a race car.
Installing child car seats are a hassle. +70% of people do it wrong. Our EZ-CarSeat makes it easy to do the right way every time.
SwarmBuild connects designers, makers and startups to engineers and machine shops working in CNC, 3D printing and laser cutting.
A multi-function, CNC, 3D Printing, Laser, Engraving, Cutting personal desktop factory on our successful & proven large format platform
Upgrade your laser engraver to be safer, faster, easier, more powerful, and more fun.  Upgrade Banggood, Eleks Maker, AliExpress, etc.
Helping hands featuring a heavy steel base, modular arms, and jointed metal heads for finer positioning.
Large
Hand tools that Amplify Force and Reduce Stress on Hands.
Makes any job easy!!!
Muscle or joint problems??? No more!!!
New Tool with the holes drilled finally makes fun!
New foam cutting attachment! Recharge from a USB port! Replaceable tips. Portable and Easy-to-use!
Recyle and reuse plastic bottles and objects into filament suitable for 3d printers and give new life to plastic waste!
mechanical device for aided digging. Clod lifting and side overturning are faster and effortless. Employable by all kind of spades.
Toyota Supra MKIV needs help with parts being discontinued. Help by donating so we can manufacture transmission parts!
Cnc machine at low cost
Cnc world's smallest
Cnc professional laser with a unique style
Cnc 3d Printing Module
Funding to kickstart my fabrication project turning cargo containers into a designer Eco house prototype
RUN YOUR CAR...using WATER!
Put hyDRO-Gencore in Almost Any Gas or Diesel Vehicle 
Help save Environment & save Gas by Cutting CO2!!!
Our mission to place coral-growing framework grid using Tricopolymer coated metal grid - and lay miles of coral grid in a day via ship.
in need of a work van to gather up and recycle old tires in Ontario.Reduce waste and help prevent west-nile disease.
Why spend thousands of dollars on unsuccessful in vitro fertilization.
aluminum frame utility trailer roto moulded  poly body comes in 4 colors red,yellow charcoal and orange
We are 2 ambitious people looking to set ourselves, our family and others that cross our paths through the world of Engineering
