The purpose of this project is to build a High Speed Rail System that is Enviromentally Friendly, beneficial, and efficient.
This club is meant for helping children gain an interest in the UAV hobby and educate them about the wonders of flight.
Hempearth is proud to be producing the world’s first hemp plane and powering it on Hemp Bio Fuel.
Imagine what its like to leave on a moments notice in a private airplane. Über Companion does just that, at a price you can afford.
Safe-T- Chock Lines are designed to help prevent hand injuries as well as protect equipment and assets from movement.
A.D.W. project accelerates the wheels from 0 rad/s (landing gear opens) to the appropriate speed before touchdown, reducing tyre wear!
This adapter allows owners of DJI S1000, S900 or S800 drones to fly a DJI Ronin, Freefly Movi or HiFly aftermarket gimbal.
R/C Air Planes is a High tech hobby which has grown tremendously. Now it is expanding into Long Distance Racing of 200 miles or more.
Compact drone that transmits live video to an LCD screen, that displays the drones status, like return to home, for aerial photography.
World's First Online Platform for Drones
Looking for funding a lifelong dream of creating a weather research jet for weather research that can be shared with others in helping
Going back to design the dream where others left off. A vehicle that can not only drive on land but also fly, and go drive underwater.
Send Donald Trump to Mars.  We'll design a Trump delivery system to send the orange one to the red planet.
The world´s most touchable and protective drone*! Frees your way of flying and working with your drone!
A transformer drone that hovers like a copter, flies fast and efficient like an airplane and transforms between the two configurations.
The next generation drone claw from Mantis Technology
Revolt is the proof that a personal transportation aircraft can be easy, comfortable and cheap at the same time.
The Raptor RZ1 is a single place aircraft capable of high speed and long distance travel. Inexpensive to build and fly... you build it!
Engineering bombs that grow trees and putting an end to deforestation.
Black Ops is an Advanced UAS/ Drone / Multicopter platform for FPV / Acrobatics / Filming day or night design from the ground up.
Plane Connection is developed to connect everyone through aviation to all of life's immediate travel needs.
Drone capable de détecter et de marquer la position de personnes prisent sous une avalanche.
The development of fuel cells for long duration flight and other robotics by means of replacing Lithium Polymer batteries.
An awesome new low cost aircraft kit.  Safe, rugged, fun, and easy to build and fly!  This project will fund prototype construction
We are developing advanced autonomous airborne systems for use by humanitarian/public agencies that help protect and save lives.
The JAEGRES PHD-42 is a combination of a small electric car and a light electric helicopter!
Fleye is a whole new kind of drone. Safe, fun and autonomous. Invent the future of flying robots thanks to its open API and SDK.
Meet Spiri, the programmable, autonomous flying robot. Designed for you and your projects.
Experience first-person-view flight on a paper airplane with a LIVE streaming camera, via Google Cardboard.
Sprite is a completely different kind of unmanned aerial vehicle. Portable, rugged, powerful, and easy to use.  A tool, not a toy.
From iRobot cofounder Helen Greiner, the first drone for everyone. It's safe, shoots films, and snaps beautiful pictures.
The Pioneer Flight Museum restores pre-1940 aircraft. We are erecting a WW1 era Army hangar for our new visitor center.
International student team creating an unmanned aerial vehicle system to combat African rhino poaching and illicit wildlife trafficking
Help us restore the airplane that gave women wings, and inspire young people with the story of America’s first female military pilots.
Help us launch a 2-stage rocket in Sept.  The 1st stage payload is a 5-gal keg of beer. The 2nd stage has a full 15-gal keg of beer.
Developing drones to further understand tornado dynamics for the purpose of saving lives and property.
***PLEDGES NOW COUNT DOUBLE!*** Help us complete the restoration of "That's All, Brother," the aircraft that led the D-Day invasion.
Hack your drone, take out the others...last one flying, wins.
"There can be only one!"
Puzzlebox Orbit is an educational toy that combines a brain-controlled helicopter with open hardware, software, and teaching material
A gas powered quadcopter capable of autonomously picking up and delivering a payload of 50 pounds.
A helicopter, powered solely by the pilot, designed to achieve one of the greatest challenges in aviation history: the Sikorsky Prize.
The world´s first smartphone controlled gaming drone for single & multiplayer dogfights, air races & stunts.
Hoverbike is a revolution in aviation, designed to do what a helicopter does, but cost less and do so better
Grant your smartphone access to the third dimension.
Splash Drone a waterproof drone with live video feed, payload release mechanism, emergency flare system and camera stabilization gimbal
This fully restored bomber is the second and last-known airworthy 
B29. With your help, Doc will be sent through flight testing.
The Volta Flyer is a DIY, Maker, STEM Kit using Advanced Solar and Ultralight Materials-includes everything to build your own airplane!
Capturing amazing aerial shots has never been easier. Just draw where you want to fly on your iPhone or iPad. Our drone does the rest.
The X PlusOne is a revolutionary hybrid drone that combines the ability for both stabilized hover and remarkably fast forward flight.
Help the Nuclear Museum restore one of the 17 B29 bombers remaining in the world. Kickstarter funds will pay for exterior restoration.
We develop innovative aerial devices to capture your world with a touch of a button.
The world's first 3D-printed, rocket-powered aircraft will lift off from Spaceport America, New Mexico, in Autumn 2014
Pro-grade transformer UAV for fast and efficient fixed wing cruise and vertical take-off and landing. Cargo delivery and drop. 4K Cam.
Enthusiasts and ex-RAF ground crew are trying to return an Avro Shackleton to flight. It will be the only one in the world flying.
Academic research to de-conflict airspace and improve human safety for manned and unmanned flight.
Convert your drone into an all-terrain vehicle. Water, snow, rocks, sand, and other rugged terrain are no match for WaterStrider™.
A storm racing drone that is easy to get started for even entry-level players, with infinite fun via first-person view.
Samantha, the first woman TRA Cert III Rocketeer in Australia will fly the 14' rocket she built with approximately 14,000 N-s.
We are creating a concept drone to aid in locating victims in natural disasters and monitoring potential natural hazards
In-flight weather, traffic, and GPS navigation for the price of a tank of avgas.
The WingBoard combines the thrill of wakeboarding and skydiving to launch the next revolution in aerial adventure sports!
UAV Drones, Collateral Damage & International Law explores the narrative that the U.S. Drone Strike Policy violates International Law.
We're making a drone. A drone that carries a rover. A drone that can carry up to ten kilograms. 
We're making the Drover.
Plug & Play USB-port cockpit panel for DCS: MiG-21bis
We want to make a package so anyone can make a drone with LEGO® Bricks. Get kids and parents a head start on upcoming technology
SkyShield will help protect endangered wildlife from poachers using commercial UAV (drone) surveillance technology.
Commercial drone that will outperform real helicopter in photo and video capture, with best flight time, buyoancy, and utility.
Participating 2019 in the 75th D-day celebration flight in a homebuilt replica of the iconic P-51 Mustang, honoring the end of WW2.
The very first lightweight LED attachment for professional drones.  Display text and animation in REAL TIME, from your smart phone!
Come and fly on Douglas Dakota KG651 with RAF Transport Command Memorial.
The Alberta Aviation Museum needs your help to relocate & restore Avro Lancaster KB882 to fully operational condition. KB882 Needs YOU!
With this device attached to an aircraft, you will be able to locate the approximate location of a crashed aircraft at sea or on land
SmartChutes is an autonomous parachute recovery system for your quadcopter or drone.
Help me assemble a flying* video projector and project images on tall buildings. (*so more like hovering)
Aires Ultra is a micro DLG that uses 4 servo's for full camber changing and different flight modes. Record breaking flight performance.
AguaDrone; a 100% waterproof drone equipped with a sonar fish finder, bait drop, line casting pod, camera pod & more! Find-Fish-Film!
A company that provides professional aerial platforms, at affordable cost to the consumer, no hidden fees, or extreme markups!
Help me make a time machine, so that we can make this world a better place.  If you could go back, would you save her?  Humble words.
The SATV-WAGE (Wing-In Artificial Ground Effect) Lifting System Replaces Earth Bound Aircraft & Space Faring Rockets
We need your help to Kickstart the next generation of racing drones by Space One FPV! Ships in time for the holiday!
PowerUp 3.0 turns your self-made paper airplane into a smartphone-controlled flying machine
The RObot is a successfully tested transformable Quadcopter/Rover!                              
Now pushing for $3000!!!
The Marine PBJ-1 Bomber at the CAF is the last of its kind. Please help us by donating to have this plane airborne once again!
R10 is a quadrotor/micro air vehicle, radically designed from the ground up to be extremely easy to build, modify, and fly.
Dont suppose anyone has a few quid to help me buy some electronics?
The Albatross is the first of it's kind - a fully composite, highly efficient and remarkably affordable UAV platform.
The Techpod . A high performance, low cost small unmanned aircraft for the hobbyist and student pilot.
This near-space mission will be powered by potatoes to over 100,000 feet above the Earth, taking pictures along the way.
A New Standard in UAV Airframe Design and System Integration Featuring SurroundFrame Technology and Industry-Leading Flight Performance
ICARUS is the next generation View Limiting Device to train pilots to fly in clouds, replacing plastic hoods with new technology.
Bluetooth Bridge creates a seamless link for connecting tablet and smartphone based ground stations to ArduPilot-based drones.
Bring 1,000 Kids in 100 Days to the new Flight Zone. 
Help students learn to fly in these amazing flight simulators.
REKAM-DR1: Don't waste your valuable time. Arduino requires manuals, lots of typing, PC tools, and wires. Why not just play and text?
We are very excited to launch a new aspect of Flite Test! Our very first live event, Flite Fest 2014 - July 25th-27th
We're building an airplane, in a garage (!) but it's not just another tired old airplane. This is Synergy, the beginning of the future.
Future Tech aims to put technology through exciting STEM activities into the hands of disadvantaged children in our school district.
The Automatic Air-Lifting Claw For Your Quad!
iRemoco is a remote control toy helicopter and app for the iPhone, iPod touch and iPad, complete with 3D joysticks and motion control.
RETRAX Switch activated retractable landing gear for the DJI Phantom 1 and Phantom 2 RC quadcopter drone.
Inexpensive multi rotor air robot that enables you to capture amazing photos & Videos from the air.
Only A Few Hours Left! The Action-Sports Drone Airframe: The Virtually Unbreakable, Practically Indestructible Airframe. Act Now!
A stealth, ultra-light, highly-efficient, flapping-wing UAV, capable of accurate and natural reproduction of real bird-flight dynamics.
The world's first multicopter that's powerful enough to carry a high quality action camera and folds up smaller than a 7in tablet.
This is a revolutionary take on the Drone market. With simple and very light components, make any multirotor platform.
Showing absolute beginners how to pilot a heli-Quadcopter in a park in London; we will be putting the controller into your hands!
“Aether UAV is a project to design and build an environmental monitoring UAV with autonomous capabilities"
A small device that sits between your video antenna and receiver to increase your video quality. Fly with less static and better video!
Fast on the road and in difficult terrain, agile in the air - Go beyond the limits!
Our project explores the narrative that the U.S. Drone Strike Policy violates International Law.
The plan: Graduate from college by designing a completely new way to control drones.
I need YOUR help to build the most awesome drone Ever! The main function will be to stream YOUR content to YOUR device-ANYWHERE!
The Only 100% Ready To Fly LIVE video streaming Racing Quad Drone,  Perfect for carrying Gopro. Easy to fly like Powerup FPV drone
Are you top gun?  Want to find out?  Help me build the website for The National Paper Airplane Contest.
We want to build LiDAR-capable drones that can be used to locate UXO (bombs) for removal in Laos, and around the world. Join us.
OverDrive is a high performance roadable aircraft. AKA – a flying car!
Obstacle Avoidance and Precision Operation, Works Indoors & Outdoors. For Phantom 2 & Iris+ Drones. Explore with Confidence.
The ICeU Spectres is a carbon fiber, twin engine, tilt rotor, vertical takeoff and landing manned aerial vehicle.
Help us acquire this D-Day veteran C-47 Dakota to fly to Normandy 2015. This aircraft dropped 101st Airborne paratroops on D-Day.
Promoting Safety through Education we are building one of the largest and most complex high power model rockets ever attempted!!
I have been dreaming all my life to enter to the Top Gun Competition. by building the 50% Super Scale Dalotel 165.
Fast, agile, easy to transport and extremely crash resistant. The MiniRaceWing will change your RC and FPV flying experience.
The Drak is the first forward swept RC aircraft that combines extreme durability with unmatched stability & energy efficient flight.
BEHA is the world's first true 'Hybrid' aircraft. An innovative triple box wing design combining electric motors & a bio-diesel engine
Silent, safe and low cost, the Falcon has unlimited possibilities as a high endurance aerial platform.
PhoneDrone allows your smartphone to become an autonomous aerial camera; integrated flight planner, a tethered controller and more!
Breathtaking performance and race-proven technology! Speed at 100mph or soar like a bird and see the world like never before.
Drone RETRAX are a retractable landing gear system for your tricopter, quadcopter or hexacopter. F450, F550, TBS, F330 and many more.
There is a race against time, and our organization NEEDS your help to save and play a part of a rare historical aircraft.
Portable travel pillow, very private face cradle with CoolSkin® fabric provides maximum comfort — ergonomically designed in the US.
A self contained portable fully immersive Flight Simulator with disabled access and special instruction screens for the deaf
We developed a drone landing system for emergency and normal landings to protect your drone investment and the surroundings.
Continue to develop a user friendly one-person setup UAV (drone) system for taking high resolution, relative geo-rectified images.
Will attempt to set a record by flying from Scotland to Norway a UAV powered by hydrogen and support Search and Rescue teams with UAVs.
The time has come to kickstart a real hoverboard which goes over land and water and hovers on a cushion of air -using drone technology.
We are going to build a life size ship to be exhibited and experienced by fans worldwide.
Temper Tantrum Racing is an newly formed Air Racing Team building an aircraft to compete in the Reno Air Races in the Formula 1 class.
I want to build a full sized Jupiter II that will fly.
Zyro, an aerial drone game, playing in the sky near you!
This project will restore a 1948 Aeronca Sedan airplane using area youth as part of the rebuilding team.
Meet the Triple Action Pump. A hybrid/electric hand pump for your Kites, Watertoys, Tents and Mattresses. Pump Smarter, Not Harder!
Power distribution board meant for detachable multicopter arms and plug-and-play system for quads.
THE FIRST ECOLOGICAL FAIRING FOR LIGHT AIRPLANE
Strong, light CNC aluminium wide motor mounts for multi rotor drones / UAVs.
Since I can't afford to buy a high tech ready to fly quad-copter with aerial camera drone I am going to attempt to build my own
A revolutionary new drone with horizontal and vertical flight ability, missile mode, and quadrotors done right!
Easy & Fun for The Whole Family.
our aim is to teach turtle to fly
Born from Armadillo Aerospace a group of the core team members are back at it with an improved vehicle ready to reach for space again.
This is a unique design that has tilt, aerodynamics, and flexibility all rolled into one. Not your typical quad frame.
A water sports revolution!  The Wake Wing™ will take board sports to a higher level by flying above the waves in an exciting new way!
Flight simulator aviation help make this the coolest simulator ever Ethical business model with Environmental priority. Few hours left
'Easy' to use and transport. Drone, battery, gimbal and camera in a comfortable box.
30 minutes of flight: open it and it's ready
NEMESYS is an experimental project designed to study the effects of cosmic radiations and atmospherical events on memory systems.
Never worry about bears around your home again!
Bringing back WWI Model Planes, Guns, Interiors, Wheels, etc.
We will be producing 1/8 scale to 1/2 Scale Models for Static and RC
Help me build a functioning prototype of a multi-rotor large enough to be piloted by an on board person for extended flight times.
The Tracksoar APRS tracker is the smallest, lightest, ready to fly open source APRS tracker.
SMARTPLANE, UAV Aircraft with Application and Hardware Platform.
Trimafoil Biohazard is a vehicle that's designed to sail in/on water, on ice/snow and on land with modules. Possible sail power flight?
The Lake Hopper, a new water recreational VTOL flying craft. Fun for beaches, lakes, fishing, boating & a duck hunter's dream machine.
A complete overhaul of our Pat. Pend. aluminum quadcopter airframe line-up. Lighter and more versatile, yet still as strong and safe!
We plan to establish Queensland's 1st commercial 747 flight simulator, right here in the tourism mecca of Cairns. 
Welcome aboard!
Progressing English Electric Lightning, XS422 from restoration to return to flight
The Whoopr Isn't Just Any Old Paper Plane – It Can Fly For Hours and Be Controlled by a Smartphone or Remote Control
Thousands of debris spotted in South China Sea a few days after MH370 disappearance. Have these been ignored?
The Vertex is a hybrid drone that combines the capabilities of a quadcopter and airplane into one awesome platform.
SAVE THE CONCORDE !! Help us move the Concorde from Long Island to it's new permanent home in NJ !!
We developing a new high efficiency Pancake Multirotor BLDC for Multi-copter long time flight, come in to see exciting product.
California's premier WWI scale fun fly event for ALL WWI models. Get up close & personal with some amazing airplanes & their builders.
Starting with RC crafts, coming soon, you may be able to fly to and from your driveway in , safe, inexpensive, easy to operate craft.
We design UAV's for professionals and hobbyists. Our goal is to make UAV's that look great and perform amazing!
prototype rc High rise building fire extraction vehicle that can safely extinguish fire and extract victims.
Klubb för ungdomar i malmö där de under en termin bygger radiostyrda flygplan från grunden av foamboard och smältlim samt lär sig flyga
Plane-pooling made easy ! Le coavionnage pour tous !
Comprehensive info on how to build a VTOL Tricopter Airplane.
"MIMIC COCKPIT" - manned aircraft controls for Drone pilots!!!
True heavy lifter drone copter that fits in a backpack. First with P'nP assembly and various customization.
TELAERO's image-driven drone flight planning software helps you stage the perfect shot before takeoff via a 3D environment.
Instructing all skill levels how to safely operate personal drones in San Francisco, Lake Tahoe, and other locations. Learn to fly!!!
The Observer Ventures Sparro combines an agile racing drone with an HD gimbal stabilized aerial photography platform.
The Ultimate R/C Multi-copter D.I.Y Kit Design
A UAV for Humanitarian Aid and Environmental Research Purposes, Using Advanced Sensory Systems. Development at Shasta College, CA.
A drone that can help feed the world, reduce drought and environmental pressures, and increase your bottom line, from Bill Robertson.
Blended bodys are more efficient and safer than many commercial aircraft. Do you want to help fund what NASA are starting to look into?
Switch activated RETRAX for your quadcopter, hexacopter and other multi-rotor aircraft.
I am creating a 1/4 scale vLazair model of a vertical takeoff aircraft that should fly faster than most helicopters and at 40 mpg
The JetQuad is a high-speed drone powered by four small jet-engines.
With the ever-growing age of drone flying and the world of VR, my goal is to combine the two and make a new sport called battledrones
Sharing Real Flight Experiences to Inspire Confidence. Reaching Out to Include Diverse Students. Growing the Aerospace Community.
My design utilizes a unique use of ducted fans, thrust vectoring and aerodynamics to create a low cost but very capable VTOL drone.
Sharpen your flying skills, avoid grass entanglements and mark your spot with an original DroneDisc™ landing pad.
Design a website that property owners can control how their airspace is used.
250 size racing quadcopter frame that assembles with zip ties to allow for easy assembly and color customization!
Drone racing is the fastest growing sport in the world. Combining technology skill and fun to create a heart pumping experience.
The SABERWING is an amateur built airplane we are bringing to the public in kit form.
SkyDock offers the ultimate flight adventure in an ultralight aircraft that is easy to build, affordable and fun to fly.
“Douglas” is done with retirement and ready to fly. Help us achieve our last funding hurdle to complete our 20-year labor of love.
Promoting Safety through Education we are building one of the largest and most complex high power model rockets ever attempted
From Dream to Reality - Dragon Fliers want to build a real plane from the ground up to the clouds! Give a buck for luck, more to soar!
Obtain a laser cutter & plotter & finish a large vacuum former to produce R/C airplane kits and R/C and standard rocket kits for you.
SquatchTREK puts the power of UAV's, the latest in Imaging Technology,  and the Cloud all at YOUR fingertips in the search for BigFoot.
Quad-copter with a revolving camera attached underneath to capture a panoramic shot while very high in the air. Mostly custom built.
What if I told you that we can increase crop yield, decrease chemical footprint, and lower the cost of food using drone technology?
We have two BE2es in UK, and a Albatros, Snipe and SE5a joining them in May 15.  Help keep the aviation legacy of WW1 alive!
Quadcopter ( Drone ) that can take a Crash,
A tested design for those that hate to spend money on repair
As a tribute to honor early pioneers of Black aviation, Captain Lee Owens will be the oldest African American to fly around the world.
Technology develops fast: so do drones. Drove is a project to get each car on the road a personal drone flying along.
Rediscover the world from a bird's eye view! Project yourself anywhere, with the most immersive FPV system ever!
IPSR is a high altitude Sounding Rocket that is being launched from the Island of Hawaii to record pictures of the tropical paradise.
Help us secure the last available WW1 DH4 Liberty Plane frame, once restored, honoring all military aviators who have flown since WW1 .
Aviation Enrichment Programs for Airports, Schools, Municipalities, Scouts, and Communities.  Seeking funding for packaging & delivery.
A group of students with a challenge: climbing to the roof of Europe to retrace the pioneers and develop a new mountain research drone.
Bored of standard, off-the-shelf, skeleton-looking multirotors? This v-tail quadcopter will knock your socks off, with style!!
Gimbal for drone to fly without danger / Boule gyroscopique avec appareil photo pour pouvoir voler sans risque pour l'appareil photo
Scalable UAV that can carry payloads up to 400kg with future manned or unmanned operation. Successfully demonstrated scale POC.
THE FUTURE IS HERE.  Archwing LLC has developed a hoverboard that functions on ALL terrain.  Special surfaces are a thing of the past.
Simulateur de vol hélicoptère  FNPT II.
Le projet réside dans la mobilité du simulateur.
Formation de pilote, gestion du stress...
Teaching inner city kids about flying, support their academic achievement, and instill in them the importance of their education.
Our next step $10 million Logistics Plan now requires a $20K operating budget which leads directly to Big Picture IRB program funding
Aviation is a powerful way to teach kids about science and technology in an area that they love to engage in! Help build our plane!
We make lighted kites for night flying.  Our single and dual line kites are made with colorful LEDs that you can change with a remote.
Portable, tough, silent and adaptable, here is "Aube" our paramotor drone with its amazing skills ! discover it !
Rollover “Prime Air”, "Agile Drone" is here. Unassisted pick-up and delivery method for  hobbyists and small businesses.
Help us provide students with a real-world opportunity to learn science, technology, engineering and mathematics (STEM).
Join me to learn the Art of Composite molding of RC flying model construction including vacuum bagging, wet layups and vacuum infusion.
A very accurate 1/3,5 scale version of the Polish PZL130 ORLIK TC-II Turboprop trainer aircraft. Vacuumbagged fiberglass construction.
UAS (drone) landing platform.  Please visit website: uasreceiving.com.  Empire Unmanned Aircraft Systems Receiving. Thank you kindly.
No more cropping the blades out of your drone photos! Swooph lowers your camera four inches. Easy install. No switches or motors.
A different perspective on the earth we live on.
The wheels on your luggage will go up inside the luggage when the handle is down, so the airline doesn't break the wheels off.
SJSU students strive to design and test a 3D printed liquid fuel rocket engine to push the boundaries of the aerospace industry
Skyteboard™ 3G is a beautiful quadcopter. Style.  Portability. Performance.  Designed by IDEO with 3G cellular, WiFi, and 1 lb payload.
YOYOdrone is THE flying yoyo.  Help me launch the incredible toy!
CrewMe helps connect airline crew wherever they are in the world with the #CrewMeApp,available on Apple, soon on Android with Kickstart
Our goal is to make an affordable manned ultralight aircrafts that are safe, affordable and easy to fly.
This is an airplane-style drone designed to maximize efficiency and range for an aerial camera platform.
Seeking funding for the Hangar 1 Foundation so we can put up the 60 x 30 foot building we have already purchased.
I am a teacher at a school in Australia and i wanted to raise funds for a quad-copter for our school robotics subject.
With the increase in emphasis on aerospace engineering for next generation aircraft and spacecraft, the next generation is needed.
Since "Back to the Future" its been every ones dream to go Hoverboarding. Almost there; thank you science!
Creating Digital Elevation Maps for Engineers and Geologists using digital photographs taken from the air using helicopters or planes.
The Long Range Telemetry + HD Video/Audio is a portable device that allows you to use your tablet, smartphone (yes even iOS), or laptop
WeFly Flightsim is a community aimed at those who are learning to fly, and who wish to use their computers for more than mindless games
Started as a love of technology and art and can now save lives
The AeroTrainer is an aerial video biotelemetry system designed to improve athletic performance while preventing sports injuries.
Flight Cap is a web and mobile application that gives you commercial and private jet flights at a capped rate. We got you covered!!!
Create a unique UAV (drone) capable of spraying cleaning solutions to be utilized for roof cleaning.
The SleepSentinel® is a small, robust, portable smoke and carbon monoxide alarm specifically aimed at the traveller.
The goal of this project is to have a drone identify two acoustic sources and navigate between these two points.
Create educational guides and training programs to include following policies and procedures of FAA rules. Obtaining FAA approval.
On the ground fast driving tank with amazing terrain capabilities, in the air agile quadcopter.
Fancy yourself a Pilot? Or a Rocket Scientist? Maybe both? With Project Aironyx it's time for you to find out...
Design completed over the last 6 months, on to a functioning prototype. Less than 254 lbs so no pilot's license needed. Will be $10-18k
A super-fast boat (not airplane!) that flies low over water of the North Sea Coast for a passenger and cargo transportation service.
New ultralight airplane engine. Kohler 725 cc 4 cycle chain drive engine that over doubles the fuel economy of a 2-cycle engine.
I require funds to get me to Bosnia to donate my time and help  work on exposing the  Valley of the Pyramids via a archaeological dig .
Renting planes is not cheap. Finding great planes to rent is not easy. This portal aims to make it easy to find great planes to rent.
Nuanced freeline skates designed by Feat Skateboards, coupled with a kite-surfing sail!
Mobile Hang is the only holder out there that folds down to the size of a credit card
I want to start an aerospace club on the campus of Pensacola Christian college. This club will feature projects and flying
We are the google maps of soil analytics
Offering aerial (UAV) services to a whole host of markets. Accessing areas that where previously hard/expensive to reach by mankind.
FlyyZone is a patented tethered, aerial attraction suitable for Theme Parks and Specialty venues, that allows you to soar like a bird!
With this fundraiser, I plan on teaching people all about aerial photography and the growing drone industry at the event in Toronto!
The Minster Rocket Club has qualified three teams to compete in the Team America Rocketry Challenge (TARC). Help us launch our dreams!
Mad Mike Hughes always wanted to be famous so much that he just decided one day to build a steam rocket and set the world record.
We're a group of 4 Aeronautical Engineering students currently carrying out research and development on a UAS to survey greenhouses
I want to expand my boss' aerial photography company into Agriculture. With your help we can source parts for a professional level UAV.
Dron de geometría variable con una elevada capacidad de carga.
Drone variable geometry with a high load capacity.
Ecole de pilotage de Drone civil - FPV Racing - Formation telepilote
Revolutionary design of MioPlane provides four times greater endurance and much more manouvrebility than has quadropter.
5 DEVICES IN ONE - Bring to life the most innovative mobility device in a half century and one that addresses most mobility challenges
Have you ever imagined perfectly toasted bread falling from the sky? We have.
We want to create a fully immersive, 3D Virtual Reality experience that will give people full flight training from the comfort of home.
We are building a manned, hybrid quadrotor. P.s. We've got cookies.
NZ Pilot Theory is currently only offered in books.  We plan on making it available online with flight instructors on hand to help.
We are 2 chemistry students with a passion for anything fast, hot and explosive, looking for a funding for our DIY science projects.
A practical tool which incorporates NASA's fatigue science into a simple hand-held wheel to diagnose fatigue in aviation professionals.
our drone can able the operator (military/law) to solve dangerous situations without been in danger and without lethal force.
Copter Hover Tech is a reality. Support our innovative design that uses technology that is readily available.
I want to start an organization for drone enthusiasts in the Nebraska/midwest area for racing, obstacle chalanges, and video chalanges.
The affordable flying car - actually it's a motorcycle.The freedom of the open road or the open sky (NO PILOTS LICENSE REQUIRED!).
The Rutan Aircraft Flying Museum mission is to preserve and promote the legacy of Burt Rutan's popular homebuilt aircraft designs.
An idea that can enable those who are unable to go on trips or afford the time/money to do so to see the world as they wish.
The Project: Rescue a 1946 Taylorcraft BC-12D, restore it and get this airplane back into the air again by the Summer/Fall of 2015.
My goal is to build and test Machines that can reverse damage done to the Earths Ozone Layer and reverse global warming.
Amba-Lakay Flying Saucer is a Vertical Takeoff and Landing Aircraft mechanically simple whose lift uses the Coanda Effect
The goal of this project is to go where no amateur hobbyist has dared tread before - and it's going to require a lot of tesla coils.
Instantly transforms any area into a lighted heliport zone secured by a landing assistance system.
Hover craft drone that takes off vertically and jet off horizontally while in the sky with a library to support third party development
I am in the process of creating a motion-controlled quadcopter and need funds to complete it. Any help would be greatly appreciated!
This is a very simple project that I am working on. It's a cheaper alternative case for drones like the AR drone 2.0 and the Bebop.
Our project explores the narrative that the U.S. Drone Strike Policy violates International Law.
Light, stable, body controlled... but quite large for roads indeed.
"Roads ? Where we're going we don't need roads". (Emmet Brown) ;)
This next generation engine is going to revolutionize the aviation emission and fuel consumption. For a greener future.
Airbing wants to makes the life of airline passengers easy. We are not another travel portal. We focus on little things that matters
The world's lightest, simplest and safest electric helicopter!
1 Man Full Sized QuadCopter with AutoPilot technology similar to that found in an RC drone (hobby drone or otherwise)
I aim to design a goblin glider from the movie spider man and eventually make one
Currently hold US Patent Pending for a Mobile Unmanned Aerial System (UAV) project.  Proprietary data analysis process and hardware.
I want to create an attachment that can make any car fly/Hoover and will be accessible to most of the population.
The best website for all the newest drone technology and accessories with free shipping to first time shoppers in the continental US.
Visually, physically, and technically accurate, the C-170B will exploit a most authentic add-on development, for FSX and P3D
Attached safety drone by airplane exit doors  in case of emergency landing or crash drone comes out to count and aid the survivors.
SKIP THE BIG AIRPORTS Take-off & land like a helicopter. Fly  like an airplane. NO long lines runway or garage fees -- FREE PARKING --
“91% of all aircraft accidents occur on the ground. ICAO 2014". AERONBAG is a patented airbag for aircraft passengers. €2B ROI.
I want to build the first and only practical flying car.
Air Drone that focuses to destroy Tornado and protects infrastructure
I have found the and designed blueprint for anti gravity technology. I know i can build it if i just get the funding to back me.
This is to fund a HydroFoil SailBoat for kids to design, construct, sail.
Eco-friendly creations through technological advances | www.aeroecosystems.com
Our team is ready for the next stage of the project and that is prototyping
Our advanced micro UAVs provide images for aerial photography, exploration, agricultural surveying, and a multitude of other industries
Tired of fighting traffic every day.  Fly to work above everyone else safely and easily in my 2 person gliding hovercraft.
Fun, fast, new, revolutionary.  Its time to start living in the future.  Sky Cart. The worlds fastest multi-personal private drone.
An affordable way to travel when you do not have the money upfront.  Everyone wants the lowest priced ticket.  Lock in and buy now.
Our product technology is revolutionary and unique for their technique application in preventing explosions and traumas.
I want to design and build a flying electronic bike, a combination of a helicopterdrone and a bicycle, powered by a human and batteries
Do you need a Drone Pilot to take pics/video of your wedding, sport challenge, event? Here you will find the right Dron Pilot for you !
Bringing practical space programs to schools.  Space photography balloons, student camera rocketry and telescope funding!
World's first Waterproof Drone with a Sonar Fish Finder, sends a WIFi signal to your cell phone or smart device over 300 feet away.
The most exciting new development in the field of Advertising since the invention of the blimp! But this time 110,000 feet above Earth.
to bring people who can, to the people who can't in the drone  community 
in one place. Well bring your own we'll fix your drone
The Airsailer Sports Balloon is a multi-cell flying device capable of fun and safe operation.
Bored of standard, off-the-shelf, skeleton-looking quads? This quadcopter will knock your socks off with style!!
The first affordable ADS-B weather and traffic receiver with 
universal app compatibility for pilots.
360° Drone View- A new perspective of flying.
Gaming drones are about to change. It's time for drone battles, drone racing, challenges and games. Single player or multiplayer.
Arrow Drone - the game changing FPV Racing Drone. It offers an easy entrance for beginners and highest performance for pro pilots.
Join me on my journey in pursuit of a Private Pilot Certificate
Thousands of debris spotted in South China Sea a few days after MH370 disappearance. Have these been ignored?
Small, practical, 2-person Vertical Take-Off & Landing. Hybrid quad-rotor electric fan. Emphasis on electric to reduce exhaust gasses.
A Drone that takes you to an Aerial Adventure. Snap on FLYBi Goggles and take off the ground without ever leaving it.
Can you find the lost aircraft in this photo? With Screamy, you can!
My goal is to create fabric with the ability to magnetically levitate.
I vow to help contribute solutions to anti-grav technology.
Fling 'em high in the sky and they helicopter back to you. Ours are made with good wood, homegrown bamboo + wood-sourced plastic.
The Halo Drone is a multi-purpose electric flight vehicle for transportation and utility.
Use drone aircraft to assist with Search & Rescue
The first remotely piloted Oblique-Tilting Birotor Aircraft for the model aircraft enthusiast.
The Sparrow is a solar powered, VTOL transport system for very affordable personal and/ or commercial aerial transportation.
The first drone with innovative controller will change the entire “Drone Experience”. "Shift" will mark the beginning of a new era.
Students: assemble a multi-rotor copters to learn aircraft technology (4 rotor = quadcopter)
Improve the Efficiency of Cars, Boats and Aircraft with Technology You Saw on Star Trek when it was fiction – now it’s fact
Rapid Support Platforms has spent many years working on heavy lift unmanned solutions with a goal of producing an Ultra-Light PAV
Personal flying machine, Vacuum Engine, Its the future!
ICARUS is a pilot training device that simulates flying into/out of clouds and will reduce accidents caused by spatial disorientation.
Protect your surroundings and your investment with a Drone Recovery System to recover and land your drone safely
We can make aircraft economy seats suitable for people over 6 feet and reduce CO2 emission up to 5%
Flying saucer UFO inspired rotor blade project. Experimental RC helicopter  U.F.O. blades dubbed "360 Blades".
Kompakte, kostengünstige Wärmebild Multicopter für Behörden, Landwirtschaft, Feuerwehr
Our goal is to build a Search and Rescue Multi-Rotor UAV (drone) that can carry a forward looking infrared camera for volunteer use.
A group of students with a challenge: climbing to the roof of Europe to retrace the pioneers and develop a new mountain research drone.
A new way to see the world and have fun doing it!
In 2012 I lost my lab and all my equipment. I want to get back to doing high voltage experiments. Only you can help!
On demand aircraft, pilot, and YOU matching from nearest airport. Pick a plane, pick a crew, board and takeoff
FliteTrac is a technology company that provides Data Management  and Cloud Computing service for the aviation industry.
Takes off like a quadcopter, but is much more efficient in forward flight. Want to add solar panels on wings to extend time aloft.
Think of a life with no rent, no mortgage, no electric bill, no gas money and you can go anywhere you want. That is persistence freedom
Using the inspiration of the Back to the Future movies, this project will create a functional HoverCar™ out of a DeLorean Time Machine
connect with people in your area
I believe that all of us who have grown up watching sci fi films have dreamt of seeing a ship come to life. What better than the XWing?
A radical new RC helicopter  project were the anti-torque rotor is on the nose of the helicopter to have a pusher propeller at the rear
A solar powered drone or plane that runs off is sunlight as its primary source of energy.
Walkera 250 Quadcopter at low pricing for the masses.  FPV flyer ready to go right out of the box.
7 Months & Becoming a Leader
America has a pilot shortage, and part of it is due to so many students not having the opportunity to try it. Help 100 of them fly.
Flight Training is very expensive! I want to be able to serve you one day, and live my dream by becoming a pilot. Please Donate & help.
Help fund my life long dream of becoming a Bush Pilot
There is an appalling lack of helicopter-friendly places for myself  and my hangarless helibrothers to be weaponized aircraft in peace
The Ultimate R.T.F (ready to fly) Multicopter
It’s small, maneuverable and customizable. Whether you’re an expert pilot or a first-time user, Micro Drone 3.5 is for you.
Over 3 Years of perfecting remote operated drones we finally came up with a sturdy suitable design that everyone is able to enjoy!
they are cars that can fly and are safer that driving in a car
