We are trying to help the next generation learn social skills and empathy through kindness and generosity.
Designed on the "envelope" system of budgeting, it's perfect for anyone that is always on the go.
All College is a mobile app and website that connects students with students and students with businesses within college communities.
VentBig™ is a free RELATIONSHIP STRESS RELIEF™ app where millennials can VENT and RANT about your dates and relationships gone bad!
Meet new people and discover their music.
Nothing to do on a pesky lay-over, cant workout where the terminal is for your next flight? Flyers' got your back.
Future mobile app for delivery and ride-sharing where the sender or passenger declares the price of the service
Turn back time by supporting an app that will re-prioritize local politics, hopefully disrupting the negative progress of the past.
We can all work together to bring home a lost pet. This app will create a network of pet lovers to help bring our tiny friends home.
MyPT is basically Uber for your health. You get instant connection to local pt's, coaches and gyms. No contract, no tie-in, no hassle.
Glo24, An App & Website for a mobile spa service-we save time while creating a bond between customers & technicians. 
Connect & Glo
Create the future of Party with a Local. Help us improve the app and grow the community - so you can 'party with a local' everywhere!
A new application to help people in need from all around the world. Fast, efficient, personal & transparent to make helping easy !
Stop wasting time submitting CV's, attending interviews & never hearing back. WorkHour is the bridge between you & flexible employment.
Solves exercises geometry explaining step by step the process and design. All for a rapid learning of the matter.
Discover the world in a way you never have before. Arrive at a location, read what others had to say, write your own and share it.{app}
Don't know what to do tonight? Pecco is an app that chooses an amazing activity for you to do, based on your feeling and preferences.
Somos una StarUP Méxicana, nuestro objetivo es llevarte la cerveza que quieras hasta donde te encuentres, para que la fiesta nunca pare
Bookify - Spotify for books
I'm creating an Event Planning app that implements social media and networking with the help of a great app development company.
Polly is a social network for sharing videos of words and phrases in all languages including sign language to help you speak local.
FIT2U is developed for us who want that unique fitness or dance session to come to us wherever we want it and whenever we need it.
Anyone new to App development can spend hours, if not days just getting started, this GUI can get you working on what counts, fast!
MoiZoi, Inc. is a consumer’s best mobile resource for changing the way to save--capture, manage, notify, utilize! Feed the Pig!
A mobile application with web, enabling search, follow and create all sorts of places and events on the map anywhere in the world. 
A revolutionary program/digital platform impacting the holistic development/overall wellness of millions of student-athletes globally.
Weekly Flix is an app that gives the user one short film to enjoy every week. It helps get new filmmakers and their work recognised.
Whats your favorite snack/drink? Want it in your machine? Finally, there's an app for that! Get your favorite products in your machine!
HomeHealthScore rates properties on their environmental profile! Big data scoring algorithm allows easy view of top health concerns.
A companion mobile app for Vainglory E-Sports & information.
Our app already exists, but we need a big push to deliver on E-Sports
Fynd is an iOS app that appeals to the introvert, the social butterfly, and the person looking for their next event.
Search for caddies near your or by course for your upcoming golf outings!
A quick and easy app that allows you to become your favorite movie or television character.
Faith is a mobile app, which is designed to make the communication between worship houses and parishioners simple.
You are an uprising artist? Or you just love music from many genres? this is a new way to share and listen music...
A unique app to send your business card and file up to 5MB with one click.
We want to help soccer fans, coaches, players, and parents get in shape to enjoy the Beautiful Game, one exercise at a time.
Tasks and Errands Done With a Mothers Love!
Ayudanos a que todo el mundo conozca Canyoingapp, la unica app destinada al descenso de barrancos y de la aventura.
Less Type type type, more bla bla bla!
Lets flirt oldfashion but in a way better, easier and fun way!
An app series that visually represents current academic standards. This first app addresses K-5 Elementary Math standards.
One personalized premium daily deal in your mobile app
Your connection to all the popular night life events in your area!
We are changing how transportation is shared by connecting car owners with drivers. We help you find cars near you.
Provide a simple & efficient platform to connect individuals offering odd jobs with individuals looking to make some money in real-time
HTBYC.com is site designed to share, promote, and explore the Houston community in a whole new way.
Just point and click when you are at the supermarket and need to know if your food choice contains GMOs.
The business matchmaker
Yoursoccerskills is a unique video method for youth soccer trainers. We are currently planning to develop an American-English version
Jibby, the easiest way to capture and share the life of an animal.   Increase Animal Adoption rates. Get Active locally, get rewards.
T.ME is the first automatically translated app that also speaks with emotion through the change of font (Bold, Italicize, etc..)
Using Innovative Augmented Reality Technology, Dibujo Transforms the Way You Build and Sell Office Furniture in Commercial Real Estate
PlanIt is an App that makes scheduling easy amongst colleagues. Planit will be available on iOS, Google Play and Blackberry App World.
An online application, designed to help entrepreneurs organise, manage, automate and promote their business ventures.
The easiest way, to find your local deals (yet only food)
Stay connected with your trucking buddies or make new ones with this new app in development
Your single and your bored of the online dating scene? What do you do? How about an app that allows you to see every single event.
On-field security for our true society heroes with modern technology
A quick, detailed view of what actually occurs in a place you are visiting/moving to by collecting data on anonymous tagged activities
farmlist will be a application designed to help people find there local retailers of products and services related to farming
Attention TNC Drivers!! Want a better deal? We take less, and give more, like destination filters, Tips, In-car purchases
This automated solution will allow consumers to store & manage digital & paper receipts - virtually eliminating paper waste.
With 250,000 visitors since Nov 2014, we are looking to develop the SportsBucketList.net iOS app! Sports Travel Content for the Fan!
HistoryMyWay will strive to help history lovers explore the history around them with a free to use app for droid and ios
The ultimate collaboration tool, powering crowd creation
I want to develop an app that uses the scale of global connectivity to raise funds for a common cause. No donation over $1, ever.
A survey network, with follow/follower system. You start a survey (text, pic, video) and the world answers back to help you decide fast
ParkIt'N'Go is an app that will allow you to locate home owners willing to rent out their driveway when you cant find street parking.
imagine a way to save time grocery shopping using an app, place your  order from the store you want and location and pick them up.
Share your Alternative Travel experience with the world
App that allows you to pay less for your drinks at your local bar, club or lounge without ever having to open or close your tab.
Lapel mics record conversations between pro golfers and caddies during tournaments. Audio then streamed to subscribers for modest fee.
Trouver un stationnement en centre ville en un clin d’œil grâce à Co-park.Plus besoin de tourner pendant des heures pour se garer.
App and Player for 'LIVE' TV Channels from East Africa to Multi Screen Platform (Smartphone, Tablets, SmartTV ,PC and STB)
Flashy est une application de rencontre. 
Photos, vidéos, chat, tout y est pour faire des rencontres. 

Le plus?? Des vidéos.
In a nutshell, Tinder for Jobs/Internship offers
SERBID, to find the best offer for the services you need. SERBID, Trouvez la meiller offre pour les services que vous cherchez.
Facebook & telephone application or website in which each person shares and requests available skills with her friends, and neighbors .
Apple TV Multiplayer Game for Agile sprint planning with iOS client, integration of JIRA to automatically update estimates.
When you receive a text and others did the same as a group now you can return a text without everyone receiving it.
An app with a unique sharing process that allows posts, images, videos and links to go viral in record time.
Manages bookings, taking orders, stock check, statistics and customer database
Change the way home teaching and visiting teaching is done forever!
HauntedPic is a mobile app currently available as an iOS application. We need a duplicate version of this app for the Android platform.
To help family/friends and others communicate when there's tension. To take out the comment that ends friendship's forever.
With over 1M existing Fitivity users, we have the power to open up an exciting new world of pickup sports and virtual training.
The internet has evolved into a nearly infinite source of knowledge & entertainment, but the tools we use to access it are dated!
Mobile App. Designed to take the guess work out of bowling. An App. that will allow the amateur bowler to perform like the pro's.
We are creating an app that is going to allow more people to enjoy their favorite craft beers more often.
In the Sac is an app for both locals and visitors in Sacramento, highlighting all there is to see and do in the city.
Rate, Review, and Share your interaction with a Police Officer.
FilmKit is a mobile video sharing app that allows you to layer and create custom effects and that seeks to build a talent community.
Harmony is an iPhone application allowing musicians and live music venues to connect together.
Cards - The first app that allows you to search and view business cards from professionals and companies. The business card database!
Have you ever wondered if Game Theory could be used to defeat or survive a Zombie apocalypse??
Track inventory on your smartphone with smart alerts and monitoring tools through the use of NFC technology.
A new Ui view multi-select mobile file management application that does with others do not do - my creds - www.brianui.com
Crazy Ride, An app that connects travelers going 35 miles or up and drivers through a simple click of a button.
Type the address & our risk engines will compute the impacts of climate change on insurability and house value during the mortgage.
Slavic Nation is a mobile application connecting the Slavic community.
I am a small (single) iPhone / iPad iOS developer that is working on a Landscape Contractor App that helps those in the industry.
A mobile app that helps guide a shopper through a grocery/retail store with pinpoint accuracy. Think of it like a GPS for stores.
CMore, l'application indispensable pour vos voyages dans des pays étrangers.
The world's best travel community in the palm of your hand.
Meet travelers.
Share your trips.
Get inspired for your next adventure.
An app that mixes adventure and meeting new people. 
By supporting IUSO, you'll get exclusive backers features. Check it out below!
QuickFlight is an app designed to assist in flight travel by monitoring TSA security wait times, traffic reports, and flight delays.
Giving the knowledge and the tools to eat the right food according to your needs. Life has a brighter color with the right food.
Rediscover nature with BloomCatch. The app that helps you accurately identify plants.
Developed with the help of the world’s leading tsunami-preparedness experts, this app has the power to save countless lives.
Is a social marketplace created by a community of amateurs and professionals and promotes the skill, quality and work of photographes.
Gets you organised. Takes the hassle out of Supermarket Shopping, AND Saves you money!
Great for shopping, or for ordering on-line.
Connecting Arts Worldwide
Time flies, but do you know how ? This app offers its user the possibility of knowing the exact time spent on social media.
The Fabsty mobile app is a fashion stylist in your pocket that creates the ideal outfit for any occasion, just like that!
A platform allowing users to see events in a city, create groups, chat together and easily get a discount for their booking!
Red social  y aplicación para subir fotos, vídeos y comentarios sobre bares,restaurantes,donde podremos encontrar ofertas y opiniones.
Restobook is an App for restaurants which includes all functions that you will ever need.
Comeet is an application with an innovative AI that organizes your activities by automatically connecting the participants and location
Would you like to do something but have no one to keep you company? Or just need an inspiration what to do? You won't be bored anymore!
Sappsy is the matching and communication app that sapiosexuals and people who value more that just the good looks have been waiting for
Jaspr makes finding great trades easy, fast, and fun, helping you save money, meet cool people, and live more sustainably.
Thousands of captivating travel articles equipped with navigation technology will turn your mobile device into your personal tour guide
College Football Faniacs publishes a Daily College Football Factoid. This project is to create a Daily College Football Factoid App.
Our team is trying to develop an iOS application which helps eliminate vulnerabilities in online accounts to help secure the world.
A central android application that will connect car enthusiasts to projects, parts, and walkthroughs in one convenient app.
The QuickStriker app is a map-based community bulletin board for you to Tell All / Find All.
Übertrage per Live-Stream, dass, was dein Kunde sehen möchte und verdiene gleichzeitig nachhaltig Geld.
BRAVE is an app that helps users build confidence and create a fearless version of themselves.
Because anyone who provide good service deserves a tip, no matter if you have no cash or local currency, home or travelling!
Fastronomy est un système d'automatisation de service pour les restaurants, basé sur une application mobile.
Estamos desarrollando Phestee, una app para contratar cualquier servicio on-demand, desde pasear a tu perro hasta organizar tu boda.
I want to create an app that makes buying and selling preloved items easier. I want to create a digital garage sale platform.
Chirie provides a unique experience allowing users to connect  and share their own belongings with neighbors to make and save money
This app is designed to combat fake news by using many international news sources to counter censorship and blackouts.
Help kids feel like a superstar by giving them performance statistics just like the professionals.
Creating mobile app that connects military community. Have iOS  app need money to develop Android.
Certified beauty professionals in hair, makeup, nails, and spray tan delivered to your home or office. The Uber of beauty salons.
The Advocacy App helps you take action on issues you care about by connecting you to advocacy groups and your elected representatives.
Mutual makes it easier for LDS singles to meet and date.
La app que no debe faltar en tu celular....
Have a love for cars? Spread that love on our network app! With you, we can unite the car community on one special platform!
Find workout buddies and fitness events in your city with FitVille. Request, connect, and keep each other motivated and accountable.
GIN is the first true SNS mobile application that can help you find the person you need through your very own inner circle.
A fully functional Signal Protocol Messenger Service with End-to-End Encryption that cares about the End Users Privacy.
A mobile app for requesting home-based, personal and professional services at preferred location and time and receive multiple quotes.
An LGBT App that caters to women for networking, dating, business connections, Social scenes and much more
An app sold as service to professionals who need to manage their appointments with clients, with access from any cloud connected device
There is no "Real Driver's App" anywhere, that prepares you for the inevitable car crash.  GoFi5 App, is the first and the best.
Developed by a child psychologist, CalmChild teaches children specific meditations to help cope with common fears and anxieties.
Join us and help bring back Westcountry Beaches - The Beach App. A FREE to download social app for beach lovers everywhere!
Allows the user to photograph the reading passage or record while reading aloud; App will transpose data into viable test questions.
Digitally mapping an historic 800 mile long route throughout California for walkers, bicyclists, wheelchairs, and all others!
A mobile app that allows horseback riders to structure their training and remind them what to do while riding.
My Memory Carebook is fund raising for a Clinical Trial to use our site as a Legacy/Reminiscent Therapy for dementia patients/families
Like us, you love your dog. With the Puppy Mama Web App, together we will create a more pup-friendly world!
Take My Order is the ultimate ecommerce store system that will  increase your  business bottom-line with a mobile presence
Find people that share your same interests.
In development a for-fee app called KidGo/free website that provides US kid-friendly sites for parents by radius/location, age & price.
Everyone should exercise, but there are risks such as injuries and tendonitis. SitApp is a app to help reduce these risks.
A Face Chart App with Diverse Faces
Perfectly cut movies for the clueless. Make everyone want to watch your films and make yourself a great memory. The video template App.
Automatic fitness tracking beyond just a fitness watch that uses a high-tech camera and sensor to track your workouts in real time.
Paku is a smart parking app designed as a complete parking solution from finding a car space to paying then locating your car again.
iSaid-uSaid is a texting Application (App) that will help to improve communication between people in a strained relationship.
Uniserv is an online market place for buying/selling any service within few seconds using your mobile
People want a custom fitness plan, but they also want support, motivation and accountability. This app does both in one area
Wir entwickeln seit 1 Jahr die HygieneApp - ein smartes Hygiene-Management-System. Gesundheit liegt uns am Herzen!
Create amazing live videos in the blink of an eye. Broadcast live to YouTube, Facebook, and more from Mac, Windows, and Mobile.
iRead iRide is a fun, interactive and educational online app that promotes reading literacy through travel.
Drive Safer while earning reward points for redeemable prizes, fun navigation also included; lets keep the roads safe for all drivers.
Empower individuals to organize Flash Protests against politicians and businesses that harm the environment and promote divisiveness.
Streamlining the process of finding help with moving, cleaning and handy work. Check out the prototype: https://pr.to/U4RBH5/
Sitter Bees is an application that connect prescreened sitter with sitter seekers in real time.
Para-Social is the app that is going to revolutionize the way people with disabilities connect, get resources, date and so much more.
"We" are developing a website/mobile application which will allow businesses to advertise and users to socially interact.
The Eagle Simulator App aids Aircraft owners to select their own Drone collision/avoidance system called the Drone Aviation Radar
FOB is a Mobile App that will make your life more seamless  |  Providing countless ways to increase accessibility and sharing.
Creating a Mobile App Solution for time tracking, check ins/outs, and simple daily reporting for Route Based service professionals
Foto-dokumentér vores vandløb
Donnez votre numéro de vol, Shaddl s'occupe de tout !
Téléchargement Iphone - Android
Un service intelligent ! économique ! écologique!
SportsVenting is a social media app where fans can vent their frustrations about the teams they love/hate. Looking to build an iOS app.
this will be the 1st application that interrupts the students game playing time to give them a Pop Quiz.
Does logistics generate lots of paper but never find the record when you need it? Is PGi or POD evasive to ERP? Then this App will help
create a website and mobile apps to allow vacation home owners in the Poconos to list their property to potential short-term renters
A direct democracy app for everyone, to participate easily in big surveys and submit own ideas. For serious as well as fun surveys.
KenzooUp will be an Android and iOS Application that enable Africa to have their Marketplace like Craigslist where they can Buy & Sell.
Making beauty accessible, safe, and reliable. A seamless platform for beauty services with safe transactions and efficient search tools
Gropper is an online business to help people get their grocery delivered at their door steps in just one hour.
Combining all of your current social media into one easily accessible location with the ability to interact in a new and exciting way.
Prayer changes things! This Bible app allows you to conveniently pull up scripture cards by topic (Grief, Healing, Faith) with one tap.
Take your personal assistant to the next level with uva! uva is always there when you need it, so you never have to worry!
Gamify creativity!
You randomly spin the wheel and find the combination you must use to create a story/painting/art of any sort.
This is an app that combines recipe sharing and social media. Think of it as a cross between Recipes and Pinterest with many functions!
Online dating website/app that enables users to try something new by dating differently & finding a different version of themselves.
An app that aims to prevent something no parent should ever have to experience; a collision with a child in a driveway.
Allo gardienne sera un site web avec des centainnes de gardiennes avec leur photos disponibilté et évaluation. Facebook+allostop.
This Apple Watch Application Will Monitor Your Heart Rate So Whenever You Fall Asleep Watching Netflix, You Wont Ever Miss A Wink.
Join us in creating the StartupMate mobile app! StartupMate is for you, who want a brand new and simple way to find a business partner.
Start saving your life's journey to the cloud.  No likes or comments needed.  Your own personal Website https://me.lifeol.io. - Free!
An app where average people can get paid to work out!
Imagine a personalized restaurant finding service, free of any outside reviews, with no required user input. (Made by teenagers!)
the best Made in Italy
know the real Italian talents
Artfusions App is for party lovers, who have no time or no contacts to organise a memorable event. 3 clicks to hire the right peeps!
Where can I find disabled parking?The objective of Handic@pp is to create a free App,that identifies parking spaces for disabled people
I am creating a trendy app that will bring fun through music for all ages and has the potential to be enjoyed Internationally
We want to unite as many cafes and pubs as we can creating an app and using via stream video all around the world!
Aplicación para Android auxiliar en casos de emergencia. Envío recurrente de ubicación a contactos seleccionados.
Online Speed Dating Simulator. Social Discovery VideoChat App with built in Geolocation functionality.
Find your perfect Travel Companion with us! Designing an application to help women realize their travel dreams through companionship.
This App will disrupt the "firewall of fear". It's main features are radar for patriots, and a gamification for activism.
Creating a dating application that has you meet your potential pick's friends first, through a chat, before you go on a date.
A mobile app for hotel bookings which allows our guests a flexible check in and check out time. Arrive at a time of your convenience.
The purpose of this app is to determine the authenticity of a product. Right now it can legit check Supreme and only on Android.
PrePark is a new app that will change the way we park, forever.
Connect Personal Trainers with available or open space at local or distant private gyms.
Welcome to our first application Reserve It, our application will enable people who want to book and reserve their important needs.
Hype Knight is the newest platform to find nightlife entertainment, fun and adventure in real time, anywhere!
WiniWeek est un service en ligne qui assiste tous les utilisateurs des réseaux sociaux, blogs et forums !
iPhone users have had their own way for too long. It's time to invite the rest of the world to the 1001 Apps party!
Cofoundr is an all in one platform that connects local entrepreneurs and provides entrepreneurs resources that can help them execute.
SportChat allows you to connect with other sports fans while watching your favourite team play.
Mentorship la primer aplicación hecha para emprendedores, ofreciendo vacantes y servicios en la palma de tu mano.
I am creating an app and page that will network everyone into saving lives for anyone suffering with PTSD or suicidal thoughts!!
Order stylish custom printed home decor and all your photo prints, right from your iPhone.
We're here to make your workout WAY more entertaining with the first iPhone/Android narrative fitness adventure app from Imaginactive.
Programming that's as fun and easy as playing with LEGOs! Learn to make apps directly on iPads and Android tablets.
STAFF PICK: Every time you eat out, go shopping or do something fun, you help employ someone in need to plant a tree.
An app to allow the deaf to phone. The 1st mobile app available worldwide that subtitles phone conversations in real time.
An application enabling the creation and sharing of interactive visual poems that merge moveable text with photographs and imagery
A keyboard that puts more power at your fingertips with super fast editing, predictive typing, instant emojis, and beautiful themes!
A phone app and website giving a tour of Portland history through interviews, art and photos.
Bindle – the unique travel guide and meet up platform helping travellers discover new adventures!
DEVOBOTS: 
is a DEVO Synthesizer featuring unreleased DEVO sounds coupled with a powerful DEVO Robot Maker
Mootch is a new platform for on-demand renting of everyday goods. We make it possible for people to rent the items and gear they need.
Find help for an injured animal, fast! This app will connect users with the nearest rescuers, based on GPS and type of animal found.
MixAR is an iPhone App allowing users to easily create and share custom 3D augmented reality models, movies and experiences. 
Imagine a movie that includes every day of the rest of your life…
Play AR lets you play, create and publish augmented reality video games in the real world, no programming required!
Find and contact people nearby who speak a specific language. / Trovu kaj kontaktu esperantistojn apude.
Integrate photos and music into StoryPress, a free app that helps people capture their life stories.
Create and share lyrics, charts and sets with your band and friends. Intuitively designed by musicians for studio and live performance.
Join us in creating the PlantSnap mobile app! Snap a photo of a plant, flower, or tree, and PlantSnap tells you what it is!
A fun augmented reality children's book.  Let's explore hidden worlds together!
Simple Bracket is an iPhone app for filling in college basketball tournament brackets and competing with friends and family.
We've shot past our goal! Now we just want everyone to be part of it. So we've created a bunch of sweet $1 prizes. That's right, $1.
All the information you want about restaurants (menus, hours, contact info) with none of the stuff you hate about restaurant websites.
Experience the architecture and history of NYC's West Side like never before with an iPhone walking tour app.
Welcome to the weird and wonderful Alpha Zoo – a fun-packed new app designed with parents and kids in mind.
It’s your life, take back your data and turn it into art. Free iphone app from data artist Laurie Frick.
Down-to-the-minute weather prediction for your exact location. Accompanied by stunning high-resolution radar animations.
Did you ever want to plant a tree to help make the world a better place? How about planting a whole forest through our App?
Help us put transit directions back on the iPhone!
Graffmap lets you upload your pictures of street art on a map for others to admire online or in person!
An online course to teach anyone how to code by building real apps (like Instagram and Snapchat clones) for iOS8 using XCode and Swift.
A mobile encyclopedia for discovering and learning about craft beer and breweries.
Adventure stories for kids starring Detective Dot, an 8 year old coder who uses tech to solve global problems.
A European bus tour to create a video dictionary of 100,000 native speakers, to make learning languages on mobile truly joyful.
Linute: your new favorite mobile app. see what your friends & places are up to. all within the next 24 hours.
App to trade homegrown, perfectly ripe heirloom fruits and vegetables in our own neighborhood.  Let's take control of our food system!
PIVOT is an app that lets you see what a place looked like in the past and digitally streamlines the preservation of culture & history!
An audiobook app that shows texts in two different languages side by side. It has a karaoke reading style to guide your reading.
Equisense Care is a connected body suit which enables the rider to measure their horse’s well-being and to follow his health.
A platform for kids of all ages to design and build interactive games. Dream, code, and create your own apps.
Swift iPhone App Course Bundle - Learn how to make iPhone and Apple Watch apps designed for iOS 8. No programming experience required.
A charming augmented reality children's book.  Let's explore hidden worlds together!
A fitness app that finds the perFIcT program for you. Achieving fitness goals is difficult, we're here to help.
Create a budget based on your paydays. See what you need to pay from each paycheck and what is left to spend. Budgeting made simple.
Create a request for someone to join you at an event or activity when your friends can't. (Or join someone!)
Developed by educators, technovators and gamers, +1 Math improves math ability, confidence and test scores for students grades 4-12.
Enroll in the world's most comprehensive online course on VR game development with Unity. Learn by building 15 projects!
This app uses a state of the art tracking system to determine position & speed of a bowling shot from your mobile device. No tripods!!
FLUX is an innovative new app by Adrian Belew that blends music and art into an interactive experience that NEVER plays the same twice.
Learn to create games, websites, iOS and Android apps with interactive mobile lessons.
Help us to make stretch goals for Android and tablets for a FREE app to find, add, rate, & review places for their autism friendliness.
The only good looking music app in portrait- AND landscape mode! Gesture-driven and easy to use. Let's make music on iOS great again!
An App for those seeking guidance and mindfulness. Come connect with Bobby and each other
Our Motto: Beach Time is Family Time. Our Mission: Change the Way People Vacation. Our Reality: Making the Impossible, Possible.
Unify with Mocafi: Financial Empowerment  for Everyone.
The mobile answer for the financially underserved.
An app that delivers 20 free photo prints a month, with no shipping or handling fees, more detail, better color and 300 year longevity.
Bam Boomerang is the first learn-to-read app that gives children the effective feedback they need as they read out loud.
Web app that hosts creative projects made with WebGL, Three.js, d3 and Famo.us with UI components inspired by analog signal processing.
Hands-on online course to learn iOS and Android Game Development from total scratch! Learn JavaScript, HTML5, Phaser and Cordova.
Devslopes is the world's most effective and affordable platform to learn how to code
KAKAXI is a new social networking service that connects farmers and consumers. We empower communties through farm to fork connectivity.
Tribute makes it easy to build beautiful, collaborative video montages that celebrate the people you care about on special occasions.
Helping you memorize your most important contacts' phone numbers.
¡Imagina nunca quedarte sin plan!
 ¡Donde si tienes un par de horas libres puedas disfrutar lo que más te apasiona cerca de ti!
Discover the news that's been algorithmically hidden from your social media news feed
An exciting class teaching you how to make iPhone apps using Apple's new programming language Swift2. Learn the new Xcode 7 for iOS9.
*APPLE WATCH* Learn how to make iOS 8 iPhone and iPad apps with Swift. No programming experience required. All you need is a mac.
KickMe disrupts procrastination with a simple, voice-activated app for Mac.
Zipline is a new video sharing App, centered around 60 second video creation, video editing tools, and enhanced social networking.
We make private tutoring accessible and affordable for everyone!
A free app invented by 8-year-olds to watch, track, and protect sea turtles around the world.
We empower people to make smarter career decisions for more successful lives.
Making iPhone And iPad Apps For Children With Life Threatening Illnesses. Changing One Life One App At A Time!
A keyboard for fast, precise and intelligent writing on your mobile device
STUDR is an APP that was created to provide a social platform where students can search, create and attend study sessions.
ImmerseMe is about virtually stepping into a beautiful and culturally authentic location to learn a language, before you travel.
A Complete Course teaching how to clone AirBnb in 4 weeks with Ruby on Rails, Bootstrap & jQuery: Novice to advanced skill developer.
The OBWS App: Search for local Black businesses with ease while connecting with Black consumers, entrepreneurs and more.
Traveling abroad? Ditch the phrase book. With our proven approach, you'll learn exactly what you need for real-world situations.
| Download the app | Get the daily challenge | Make a difference | Go to bed | Wake up | Repeat |
YogaTime.tv gives you an instant access to inspiring yoga classes online that are taught by professional and dedicated yoga teachers.
Youfigure3D, the internet application that will allow you to send short messages such as small slides with 3D geometric shapes !
Created to provide Alaska with updates on unscheduled "Happenings" -moose sightings, fresh powder, northern lights, salmon runs  & more
I'm creating an online course to teach people how to make iPhone apps. We'll use Xcode 8 and Swift to make iOS 10 apps.
Ultimate Beginner Course Series: Enjoy a beginner-friendly forum for creating polished iPhone apps using Swift 2, iOS 9, and Xcode 7.
World's First Infrared Photography App. Transform your images from drab to fab! #INFRA emulates the dreamy look of Aerochrome film.
The Objective Zero App seeks to eliminate veteran and military suicides by instantly connecting those in crisis to a support community.
Nothing But Net will bring basketball back to the neighbourhood by hanging a chain net on every council owned court in Melbourne.
Award-winning technology to bring 911 to the 21st Century, with one touch 911 is alerted with unprecedented data about your emergency
Help build FEMM's android app! FEMM android will help us reach  women around the world to support their health and fertility.
Free project management application for your mobile device.
An app that helps people better their financial futures, while saying FU to our country’s greedy and phony financial system. #FINGERSUP
Knoc "uber-izes" idle resource in colleges (ex. knowledge, skills) and connects students based on their needs and their ability to help
Mobile outdoor games that get kids off the couch and allow them to create and interact with their own imaginary world outdoors
La app en la que puedes encontrar clases presenciales con los mejores expertos cerca de ti.
Help me purchase a Raspberry Pi 2 to build as a server for the back end of my new transit app.
Take part in the creative process! Lets make a food storage tracking app together. Join my experiment to make the perfect app!
MyAgriscapePro makes growing food easy. An innovative Micro-Climate garden planning tool, custom-fit to where you grow.
Project based video course to learn the MEAN stack. Use Node.js, Angular.js, Express.js, and MongoDB to build the web app Best Dressed.
Q is the world's first gender-inclusive, community-driven queer app.
Creating music takes a lot. The Noted mission is to empower creativity by connecting musical interests and promoting collaboration.
A new Spotify app that connects with Soundcloud, YouTube, Bandcamp and your favorite music blog content.
The social game where you earn rewards,for everything you do! posting, likes and shares,makes you win bitpoints and real-life rewards!
The land you're on has thousands of years worth of law and tradition. We will help you discover it in the best way possible- by walking
Fairbanks Nightlife is an app for Android and IOS that lists all the activities in Fairbanks Alaska in one place and offers coupons!
Films have the power to inspire creativity in children, and Facets Kids can give more kids access to smart, mindful movies.
A smart solution to texting while driving that encourages social change. Let a ninja protect you from distracted driving!
Through the magical technology of augmented reality (AR), 3D  superheroes inspire kids to be their best with the power of Virtues!
A habit app from Zen Habits that will create personal habit formulas to help users overcome resistance & stick to new habits.
A digital magazine app that teaches you how to create technology that changes the world.
The Pixabay App brings the amazing images and functionality of the Pixabay website to your iOS or Android device.
Save down hotspots into your own map & share or find them just easy! If you travel, create your offline maps!
Connect with your Favorite DJ, Promoter, Bar, Lounge, Club and other Special Events on the New Nightlife Discovery App - PLUGG
Enhance Horse Performance. Prevent Injury. Save $ on Vet Bills. Each stretching video downloads to phone. No cell service required.
Wild Colorado is an outdoor-recreation mobile app that brings the research power of the library to your smartphone!
Be your own Maker boss! Learn & get paid sharing DIY ideas.  Start a DIY business w/your phone.  #aspiredsteps #makermovement
PhoneFlare shares your location with friends, family and school when in danger using sophisticated tech. 100% Free and Volunteer Run.
A Social Media Website Designed by Veterans, for Veterans. Completely Uncensored, No Bullshit.
We're designing a network for youth scientists.  Learners explore STEM fields as they take missions that help people and the planet.
MarketMapp provides a mapping interface, search features, and vendor profiles to help you explore the Dane County Farmers’ Market.
Speak with your Friends. Discover Strangers. Plan your trips. Speak of any passion you have. Make friends in a new city ★
Most immersive Nativity scene in augmented reality. Share this live experience with your friends and family !
Get kids to go outside with the Trickits App, a creative adventure that uses touchscreen devices to propel kids into the real world.
What if an App could find the perfect beer to suit your mood, tastes, food or occasion? ALL BEER Finder can do all that, and more…
rover isn’t just about parking. It’s also about communities working together to drive change,  interested in moving us all forward.
The Gospel of Mark app allows kids of all ages to learn Chinese, English and Spanish through a combination of narration and reading.
We make it easier to share your favorite places and people with your friends. Explore, share and get rewarded for your referrals.
Send and receive SMS messages from any PC/Tablet/Web Browser/XMPP chat client using your android phone number
Big Bench By Ben-a-fit is a plateau busting bench press program
Your ultimate digital platform! We place your content in your own mobile app and help you benefit from the high demand of mobile video.
Bring your tribe together to complete chores & tasks around the house.  Achieve success with "Monkey see-Monkey do" & banana points!
Learn how to make Apple Watch apps with WatchKit. The beginners course with iWatch development walkthroughs. The online class tutorial.
PMR Street, l'application GPS dédiée aux personnes à mobilité réduite.

PMR Street, the GPS mobile app dedicated to disabled persons
Try on real clothes to see how they fit and move in real-time online or via mobile. Go beyond the point of no returns!
Micro Remind & Find Bluetooth Tracker with built-in battery and 1 button remote control for SOS Calls, Video, Pictures, and Audio.
Wizzpic is a fun new app from France that allows your friends to discover your hidden images through messaging!
Cab Share Canada is a smartphone app that allows users to connect and share taxis, in a few simple taps.
Simply select a type of food, and way it's prepared, the app will display the most awesome beer pairing even tell you where to find it!
A live interpreter in your pocket. iBridge, putting the human touch back into translation
Inspired by the many amputee veterans and the increasing visibility of civilian amputees, we are developing an educational iPad app.
PickAsso aide les associations à animer leur communauté grâce à une application de communication et d'organisation
Trivia With Pals is a fun, unique, new social trivia game on iOS! Play trivia with your friends or random opponents.
The Sparkle App allows families to easily search for a particular story and then start listening – wherever and whenever they wish.
Im Rahmen unserer Projektarbeit entwickeln wir eine ZGB/OR App für Android, um es in digitaler Form zu nützen und immer dabei zu haben.
An iOS application for new, up and coming, or aspiring artists to easily get noticed.
Our emotion analysis engine finds and reports sentiments like bullying, grief and violence in web searches and social network posts.
Une application mobile pour faire du tourisme gourmand partout au Québec, là où ça goûte bon.
Connect with your campus like never before - see everything going on and get the college experience that you deserve!
Slobbr is an iOS app which intersects community, information and retail for dog lovers, who choose to live life with their dog.
The app that boosts you to reach your goals with the help of your friends, by sharing selfie photos of your achievements.
GoBe Groups is a free-to-use application that allows users to create new or join pre-existing groups depending on their interests.
How much air-time do women and men take in your meetings, conversations and media? Use GenderTimer to find out.
It's an application that texts people random facts. 

P.S. You won't know what fact until you send it!
I am creating an app for young people who have just been diagnosed with scoliosis in order to receive my Girl Scout Silver Award.
Entrepreneurial school kids combine technology, sport and games to create an app that measures how fast you can kick, hit or throw.
Gib an, wie Du helfen möchtest und wir vermitteln Deine Hilfe zu genau den Menschen, die sie brauchen. Integration ist Kennenlernen!
iRescue™ is a smartphone app which will help locate people after a natural disaster or in a variety of emergency situations.
BoltUps.com is the premier social media destination for the performance and aftermarket lifestyle. Help us create the mobile app!
SCK Radio is an iPhone/iPad app for kids & parents. It's imaginative radio for the family on the go!
SmartDrive is an app and device combo that helps protect your children by eliminating texting, emailing and social media while driving.
Honda XR650L & XR650R CDIs controlled via Bluetooth iOS & Android apps. Control ignition timing curve, adjust RPM limit, tachometer.
Take a stand. In the face of ignorance and bigotry - don't shut-up, Shut-App!
An innovative iPhone app making the process of donating to charities easier and more convenient through your iTunes account.
ThinkAgain is an engaging study app for students fueled by high quality content acquired from teachers to improve educational outcomes.
Easy Cal is a beautiful iOS application that functions as a calendar and a to-do-list all in one.
BACKED! The unintentionally hilarious psychotherapist brought to life on your iPhone. Soothing colors! Crazy rewards! Unique unlocks!
Finding a great ride in a new place is hard enough. We're simplifying this process to make sure you get the best experience possible!
Challenge Yourself. 
Challenge Your Friends. 
Never back down from a Challenge again.
A mobile app and website that allows adults with autism, as well as their caregivers and community, to connect and locate resources.
The Biscotte Knitting Pattern App will generate custom and printable knitting pattern based on the garment size and choosen yarn gauge.
buyBlack is an online city guide to connect consumers to local black businesses within the nationwide marketplace.
Teach Me Time is a mobile app designed teach individuals with autism and learning disabilities how to tell time on an analog clock.
VideoJuke lets you pick and stream YouTube videos straight to your Android or IOS device.
ModMath is a free iPad App that helps kids with dysgraphia and dyslexia complete math homework without picking up pencil & paper.
Help me launch the FUN & FREE app that will save you real money by getting brands to fight over you while you shop!
Positive thinking is key to happiness, creativity, and success. This app promotes positivity through a unique concept called clicking.
Like Instagram, but just for food! Apply filters that enhance specific dishes, such as our burrito filter, bringing out the deep beige.
We're building an online yoga and wellness space for you to be able to practice with your favorite instructors on your terms.
CAPTURE your image, PAINT your likeness, DRESS in classic garb, SHARE on social media.
Tibba is a marketplace for the exchange of skills and services for new opportunities. Digital barter for awesome people.
Trade anything--items & services--in any combination, all the while you save money, help the environment & build community.
Mindfulness with the power of great music! Voiceover-guided music tracks for less stress & better performance.
Cult of the Month!
Where You Belong!
On the 23rd of Every Month A New Cult!
Don't Fight The Illuminati, Be The Illuminati!
Cult App
Highway Hand is a crowd-sourced Roadside Assistance app.Users can signup to help other users OR use the app to request help from anyone
POOTIME - Never be bored on the toilet again! We deliver the best of the internets when you need it the most.
Interactive eBooks let early readers "get their hands dirty" reading independently. These books will keep them excited about reading.
Do you want to get more from your tennis experience? Introducing Tennis Commander: the new wearable app serving as your personal coach!
20 CUW students, 24 hours, no sleep will produce a functional software application that will be made free to the world! Battlehack!
Enables young children to engage with Jesus through age-appropriate Scripture and to express their prayers through words and art.
We scour the web like crazy and find the best tech articles, news, and videos and link to them.
The first truly affordable, accessible on demand life coaching app.
The Advanced Destiny Companion (ADC) is an app for managing your Destiny guardian’s inventory.
RunningTrax is a technological breakthrough, the first app providing automated, personalized running training programs for all runners.
An Oculus Rift application that takes the user on an educational virtual tour of the heart, veins and arteries.
Learn to build real apps for Apple Watch. Make wearable software using XCode and Swift. From Udemy's most successful instructor.
Our app connects students with businesses around campus. Discover great places. Save every time you buy. Share with friends.
We are changing the beach experience forever.
Enhancement update to an existing app to allow a user to integrate stored dive information into the app to increase its functionality.
Rivet is an anonymous one-on-one messaging app.
For travelers with special diets, Eat Away bridges the language barrier so you can order with confidence when dining abroad.
This is a game where the goal is to last as long as possible without getting hit by the pillars that start coming faster.
Propuesta de App para personalizar calzados #Disruptivo #Fashion
STORY is recreating the social media experience by allowing users to share more photos, beautifully.
Nuestro objetivo: que todos los Godínez lleguen a salvo a sus quincenas. ¿Cómo?: con una app que te ayuda a controlar tu dinero.
List2share let's you experience photo and video sharing differently on ios iphone and ipad also on android mobile and tablets
A community platform app for College Students to easily SWAP, BUY and SELL text books over an easy to use mobile phone application.
Giventure helps anyone volunteer anywhere, anytime. Sign up for volunteer opportunities that match your interests with just one click.
Finally. Personalised training, anytime, anywhere! Clients and Trainers can now manage all aspects of fitness and training on the go!
upload,listen and win
Learn the secrets of the fastest mental math system in recorded human history with our APP, BAG, ABACUS, and PDF all for $33!
Assist property owners, law enforcement, insurance companies and individuals and identifying lost or stolen property.
A free app for teens with ADHD that uses an unconventional, but surprisingly effective technique to help them start and finish tasks.
New colorful watchfaces for the new Pebble Time every month
Grant Source provides a modern, simple and cost-effective platform to help businesses secure billions of dollars in business grants.
GuardianEYE helps you track all aspects of your baby's activities. Analyzes behavior patterns and predict what your baby might need
Score your targets and analyse the shooting group just by taking a photo of the target (porting TargetScan App to Android).
Creating a worldwide community of students, connected through their goals for the future and empowered through their shared dreams.
EVERYTHING you need to create a successful App Business. Including, what to do AFTER you launch. No app ideas or experience required.
Muslims lack quiet and private spaces to perform their daily prayers (all 5 of them!). Our app, Musallah, solves that problem.
The world's first advanced iOS development course with the goal of helping you get a job as a professional iOS developer using Swift.
Fooever is a food market place, where buyers and sellers match by filters or geolocation. Payment and ratings are handled in the app.
Learn to build iPhone, iPad, Games, & Apple Watch apps using our easy to follow video lessons with sample code. No experience necessary
Komae is a social app giving you the tools you need to exchange babysitting services with your most trusted friends.
Create mobile applications and games for iOS, Android, and Ubuntu Touch without any coding required.
Now supporting HealthKit apps.
A fund raising initiative to finance the publication of the iOS version of Tect O Trak
Real-time assistance for the disabled user on the go. This is a simple app with the power to create a new world of disabled access!
Turn your app idea into reality without the technical know-how. An online class for non-tech people taught by a former Apple employee.
Arise is an alarm clock app that walks the user through yoga routines, fueling the body with positive energy to face the day ahead.
Bookster™ is a revolutionary mobile app for actors and performers to manage their auditions.
The Swiss Army Knife App For Thelemites. Easy access to the Book of the Law, Thelemic Calendar, Resh, Magickal Log and More!
Roundabout iOS says the future is "Simple Confidence" to buying or selling your car. Release Date: April 13, 2015
Never lose your friends or kids again with the world’s newest and most prestigious friend locator.
Parametric tool for efficient ceiling panel design, documentation & scheduling. Designed in collaboration with global ArchiCAD experts.
Friends nominate friends to complete challenges, post their experiences, engage in motivating competition= Self-motivated mission prep!
Interactive Contact Cards. Links to GPS eMail Phone internet Apps. Update your iCard, it auto updates sent iCards. Unlimited. Untamed.
A mobile journey through the history of the emergency medical services
Using app technology to stop the 22 veterans a day suicide epidemic. Distress soldiers and veterans can connect via app for help.
Created by hoopers, for hoopers, Who's Hoopin? is the first pickup basketball app providing real time info to help you find a game.
COCO is a sharing economy app that lets you make money in your free time or hire an individual to help with something.
The CORE Bible presents an innovative tool for discipleship that connects the world, uniting us in the same mind and same judgement.
The best relationships start In Real Life. Make and request introductions for and from the people you know. #swipefree
Wake up with 10 minutes of yoga...everyday!
Help support the development of the future of Bible software by backing Glo Bible app today!
A platform where students can find and hire fellow students to teach classes they have already taken!!
Watching tv online & see an outfit you want to buy? Touch it & it's yours. With TVRunway, you don't even have to stop watching to buy.
There are no emoticons of hornless sheep to use on WhatsApp! I shall draw a few of the best sheep emoticons to fix this issue!
RoundOut is the first mobile app that allows you to donate to your favorite charities every time you swipe your credit or debit card!
The makers of the WallaBee app would like to bring this beautiful collecting game to Android devices and you can help make it happen!
The ultimate strength training app for women by women.
The worlds first roller derby social app. The roller derby world just got a little more connected.
Discover a new side to Dickson County’s history.  Go behind the scenes with DASH!
YouMatter is an app that allows you to send prepopulated micro-phrases to friends and family.
FIXD helps you better understand your vehicle by translating check engine lights and tracking service intervals.
The Disaster App can send notifications of high-risk times for earthquakes, tropical storms, and solar storms.
The Headache Barometer App is a simple & elegant iPhone 6 app that will tell you if and when atmospheric pressure is causing headaches.
If you're concerned about your personal and business incomes - the social and economic foundations of YOUR community- then read further
Tap or Scan  Like & Check in with your NFC QR Facebook Sticker Track Analytics with Google & More
An app that strengthens relationships while you have loads of fun!
Application to customize artwork for engraving and create memorable cutting boards for all occasions: Weddings, Anniversaries,Birthdays
Pour  être plus relaxé quand on est avec d'autres personnes  .
BALLSTAR is a social database for basketball information and statistics
GABA is an innovative online marketplace for liquor retailers that helps you find any product and brings it to your door.
A social search engine that allows you to use images instead of words to connect with the world around you.
COSIGN empowers you to turn your photo into a shoppable post on social media. If a sale occurs from your post you gain a commission.
The Athletic Tutoring App will provide a new way for young athletes to get 1:1 sport specific instruction with NCAA student athletes.
Huge unorganized contact list? Hard to remember all names? Wanna to increasing your social&professional network? Try Tag4Name!
The new revolution in mobile apps.
Fast Company featured Audiots, 13 yr old founder. App is growing fast 20k users & I want to add features.  (Mom is in tech and helping)
The Joke Teller app is fully developed & ready to launch, with 500+ fun & funny jokes that are guaranteed to put a smile on your face.
Project Owlintel.com will be a free web app to help you discover truths, create insights, and know yourself by using AI technology.
SalamMobile is a great app that allows users to communicate and develop business in an environment that is supportive of Muslim culture
A mobile app that uses a friendly competition between you and your friends to help you reach your goals.
Soberse is a dating app exclusively for people who are sober and recovering from alcoholism and/or addiction.
Zahnk connects users to the local deals they actually want. No games. No upfront purchases. No hassles. Just the great deals you want.
A hip, new shopping app that saves you $ while helping you find the brands or products you want, need, or love!
Funding for the development of a mobile app for TheArtistPost.com
Create mobile applications and games for iOS, Android, and Ubuntu Touch without any coding required. Now supporting social media apps.
The Poppy App offers fresh flower deliveries from local farms near you that match your home or office. Annual subscriptions available.
DV Closet provides a direct and affordable way to get personalised fashion services and stylistic advice.
Create mobile applications and games for iOS, Android, and Ubuntu Touch without any coding required. Now supporting Windows apps.
Have friends in your area deliver food or anything else you need to you in order to save time, gas, and to build communities.
App für die Facebook-Seite "Vogtland Blitzer" mit Push-Funktion und vielen mehr.
Hello I have created an app called "Moist" currently in version 1, but I'd like your help to get it on the Google play store! Thank you
Every time you eat at a FoodShare listed restaurant, we donate a meal to a charity of your choice (i.e. Operation Food Search).
meeha is a consumer application that allows people a mechanism, a voice, to capture and share their personal healthcare experiences.
ballUp allows users to see basketball courts around them, create and send out invites, and connect with similar players around them.
Your goals made possible.
Be inspired by 400,000 plus success stories, and over 2.8 million bucket list ideas to date.
Na‘auao is an application intended to serve students, made by a student.  Na‘auao will bring you one step closer to an organized life.
The SpaKind app and The Cannabis Spa at Home are for the ways you enjoy marijuana: spa, wellness, pain management, and relaxation.
Gives users real-time status on TSA lines at world's businest airport, O'Hare, and Midway.  Also includes traffic updates to ORD, MDW
An easy way to keep count of your Mivtzoeim and Report to the Rebbe via email or print. 

ALREADY RAISED $8000
Designed to break social barriers of meeting new people, connecting you to any user within 150 feet of your phone.
An app for people who are struggling in life, giving them the chance to meet, inspire, and help others while helping themselves.
A new 3D reading experience that enhances a child’s vocabulary through nonfiction stories, games and the rich interactivity kids love!
The only comprehensive app that lets you team-manage type 1 diabetes.
Goalmate is an iOS social media app that helps you track all of your goals and projects, keeping them in one simple, friendly place.
The world's first social app that connects and rewards people who love to travel and live life to the fullest
Help Fan2See Sports launch our prototype and get it in front of the eyes of the world at the Web Summit in Dublin in November
The POEM Record is an automated app that retrieves and processes your medical records from anywhere onto your mobile device!
An artificial intelligence which cares about your looks and helps you adjust your lifestyle to look younger
Not hearing, is not sexy. Brain Training exercises Helping people learn how to listen better for the frustrated people that love them.
A parent's answer to a great beach day! Phone app that lets you order lunch and have it delivered right to the beach. Convenient & Fun.
The fastest way to learn to recognize birds is with games!  We're making Kea even better and we need your help!
This is an app for parents to screen their children for delays.  I hope to kick it off by launching it on the discovery channel.
Mache jetzt Deine eigene iOS-App. Und wenn Du willst, auch mit Unterstützung für Arduino, Raspberry Pi, AppleWatch oder PebbleWatch :-)
Having reached over 5000 happy iPhone users who remind themselves of thoughts and tasks using Braintoss it is now time to go Android!
Learn to build iPhone, iPad, Games, & Apple Watch apps using our easy to follow video lessons with sample code. No experience necessary
This app includes access to volunteers for Seniors and Veterans as well as helping to solve the long-term care crisis in America.
YourGymGF's goal is to build additional application functionality to meet user needs in the next version update.
I find that so many people have issues manifesting what their heart desires, because of the emotional state they are manifesting from.
TravelerBuddy is an elegantly designed, innovative and intuitive travel-management-tool by and for business & frequent travelers!
We want to save Sitegeist, an app that presents local information visually.
Insta3D turns your selfie into a high quality and realistic 3D avatar, and ready to be printed anytime.
An app that enables everyone to upload their short Zombie films to a map and track the spread of the Zombie infection cinematically
A children's book with a magical twist.  Point your phone at a page and watch as the book comes to life with 3D animations.
An interactive children's story platform, that lets you create a 3D character of your child and make him/her the hero of every story.
Sports sponsorship should not be an exclusive privilege of pro athletes.At Adletico,we believe everyday Athletes also deserve Sponsors!
Ghost Trax App is an iPad App that makes setting up and playing your backing tracks as easy as ...well, very easy :)
Make exquisite, printed baby books documenting your child’s  milestones and showcasing her best photos, from your iPhone in seconds...
From novice to novelist, blook is a social space for people to collaborate in writing stories. As tweeted by Stephen Fry & other celebs
ChordBuff is a music app that helps you find chords to accompany any melody. You can compose or jam while discovering new chords.
Imagine hearing the crack of the bat, the roar of the crowd and seeing baseball Legends come to Life...all from an app.
Arti will help you find out about, and purchase, the artwork displayed in casual spaces like cafés, bars and restaurants.
Anatomy for Sculptors' Human Atlas 360 is Augmented Reality Interactive Anatomy App for Students and Educators
Easily make, share or sell your own walking tour... Or go on someone else's.
Bringing back the disposable camera. 0 retakes, 0 filters, 0 likes, 24 high-quality photos, sent to your home. It's time to get real.
Put the power of government oversight in your hands. Our technology will reveal the politicians that vote with and against you.
this best way to find all of your underground flavor in your town . from soda to concerts , we will know errthing juggalo in your area
The single app ecosystem for seniors to access email, news and photos in a easy interface allowing the whole family to connect.
Optonaut lets you record Virtual Reality panoramas using just your smartphone in real 3D
CitizenSpring is an app that harnesses the power of community to test and locate safe, lead-free drinking water.
Your next read might literally be around the corner! Bump into real world locations from books.
Creating an ebook format with audio & video, standard. For tablets.
The international best-selling phenomenon of mystery and intrigue is coming to your tablet. Be a part of the re-imagining!
Warblr is an audio recognition app for birdsong. We're using tech to connect people with nature and gather data to aid conservation.
Track daily events in your baby's life and stay in sync with your partner. Available for iPhone, Android, and beyond! Hey newbie.
Innovative and educational interactive stories for kids age 3 and up. Fun! Smart! Collaborative!
Take automatic Depth of Field photos on mobile phones and move focal point later - just by tapping the screen.
Be a virtual passenger on active buses in real time. They have internet. Add camera. App lets your avatar ride the bus. subscription.
SKILLFUL is a training tool to help martial artists track their skills, create and log workouts, and achieve their training goals.
JUJU gives you the power to design and share visual creations in your world easily. Messaging just got a lot more fun.
A disposable camera for the digital age. Every click will turn into a free printed picture. You only get one chance, make it count!
Coin Jar Application
SOKs® - Save Our Kids - A social Media "Freeze" Application that prevents access to texting and ALL social media while driving
The Meerkat Movement is a social networking app designed to connect people with a desire to help each other.
Why wait until #TBT to relive good times? Create a timeline with your nostalgic photos by sharing with friends & family on PhoBack!
Honu & Friends is bridging the gap between the latest technology & education, providing a seamless learning experience for young minds.
Transpay is the world’s first completely mobile electronic toll collection solution. No RFID tags. No prepaid accounts. Just a phone.
Social Media platform for jobseekers and Employers
Bridging the gap between the jobseekers and employers
TweetWord is an automated crossword puzzle game that produces one or more daily crosswords puzzles, based on social media data.
Save your recipes, build a meal plan, create personalized shopping lists, and more all from the {Insert Meal Here} Meal Planning Board.
Allow this app to give your little one a unique approach to phonics. Originals songs, memorable flashcards and a fun game for each unit
IZAR is a fully interactive social media app, that's based on a game engine, to ensure the best of both worlds on a single platform.
It is time for small businesses and startups to have simple apps that are affordable to help them reach out to more customers.
A hassle free subscription based home brewing app which will change the way you brew beer and engage with the brewing community.
Ask a professional wedding planner the questions you need for your dream wedding, and nothing else!
Meet the world's most advanced tool for finding gamers to play with online. Find exactly the kind of gamers YOU want to play with!
Discover local resources, opportunities, and community wherever you are. (iOS + Android)
PoolActionFinder.com is a fresh new way to find pool action wherever you are! You can instantly see people in your area looking to play
The Social Discovery app that instantly lets you know how the people you meet fit BEST into your life.
English version of first New Wave part cult Russian photo book about soviet underground street styles and tribes in Perestroika times
Ever have trouble figuring out what to pack for your trip? Let others tell you.
Designing the cheapest available money service that combines all known services into one easy to use app!
Estoy creando un curso online completo para enseñar vente a hacer apps para iPhone. Veremos Xcode 8 y Swift 3 para hacer apps de iOS 10
SoundWave is a music streaming service dedicated to providing you with a free and uninterrupted listening experience
Cloud Nine App - The live updating events calender App. Specifically designed to suit the needs of outgoing people.
Froogle: GPS mapping + a living retail directory + an auto updating catalogue + real time retailer/customer chat/message interaction.
How many times have you got on a bus and it's completely full? This app will help you with your journey.
We want to realize communiational software for parents and teachers to be able to communicate on every aspect of their school exp!
All of us are given only 24 hours a day, young/old, poor/rich, therefore, we should all respect each other's time by being on time.
EXPRESSO, a new business model which provides the network between transporters and customers wanting same-day, low-cost deliveries
OneTime Messenger with Voice & Video Call, Unlimited Group Chat, FREE Communication FOREVER.
the new social network app for Watch challenges of your friends and people around the world.
Bitsy Log is a place that is safe and private, shared between Mom and Dad. Track stats and store memories about your baby.
MeUnify is a smart messaging app that makes arranging your social life easier.
A quality product at a reasonable price, for all those who love the made in Italy and Luxury stuff.
A recreational sports network designed to connect active people with other players, partners, and teammates without a lot of effort.
The Future of Mobile Agreements and Document Verification. The 1st E-Signature app to offer verification with digital media!
Freunde treffen war noch nie so einfach!
notyfy sagt Dir Bescheid, wenn sich Freunde in Deiner Nähe befinden!
Convert messages into reminders with a single click. Send reminders to your friends like text messaging.
A simple, elegant app that makes required restroom cleaning and inspection reporting & logs so much better than what you have now.
Poverty reduction : Smartphone app uses GPS to help you direct those in need you encounter to nearby resources [ Change Panhandling ]
Big Swings is about to change the face of Mobile Apps! Soon FREE in the Apple Store! An Interactive Rope Swing/Cliff Diving Directory!!
The best app for footraces, stop waste time in searching footraces, myRun is here!
Sieh, wer der eigenen Kontakte spontan Lust oder Zeit hat etwas zu unternehmen! / Check quickly who's in a mood to party with you!
HAARME has been created for ALL our citizens who live and travel abroad, after spending more than 15 years abroad I want to help
Beauty and wellness app based in Mexico City. We also offer online tutorials for hair, makeup, nails, wellness and fitness, worldwide.
DesignHub aims to become the central platform for young design professionals and potential clients.
DODAY includes leisure offers and gives you an overview about, Sports - Entertainment - Nightlife - Restaurants - Fashion Shops.
App that turns your smartphone into a pro-level precision speed gun as accurate as $1,000+ radar guns.
Pre-order, Pay, and Pick-up. No more waiting in line at your favorite coffee shop during your morning commute!
Free App for Fire Ground Reconnaissance, Search & Rescue, Personnel Tracking & Mapping, Globally, for Remotely Piloted Aircraft Systems
Share and find amazing Spots for your photoshoot with this iPhone app! Perfect for creative people like photographers, designers etc.
Clarity is a unique social networking application based on location. Available on iOS and Android.
An app centered solely around adventure, getting out and seeing the world, and sharing with friends. No drama, no spam, just fun.
A practical, easy to use dog training app, developed by experts with 20 years experience. Tips and video tutorials on the go.
app that let's individuals see what's up in whatever city that they are in. Divided into categories bars, restaurants user interact liv
Quitting smoking is one of the most difficult tasks to undertake, our main goal is to research, guide and educate to ensure success.
Divvy is a shared shopping list for the whole house. With Divvy, you can rest assured that you buy exactly what you need.
The Poly Life is the first app designed to help poly people manage their relationships with ease. Help us launch this app on Android!
I am hoping to raise funds to bring the app College Book Me to life. It is an app to help College students obtain cheaper books.
An App to help people quit or limit their time spent on social media.
Send & receive personal messages to & from somewhere on the planet. Anonymous. Inspire people, build up karma, earn more privileges
Custom Transitions is a new application for your smartphone that helps you customize the way you see your background every day.
A Social Interactive App, for the Fun Person in you.
Extremely Easy Exercises is an app that will help anyone get in shape without any special equipment. http://extremelyeasyexercises.com
Explore a world full of challenges with HitMe, a new way to push yourself beyond your limits & share your accomplishments with friends!
Mit is breaking the online socialization myth
iOS programming tutorials for creating iPhone and iPad apps.
Text/Video courses help to boost your learning in iOS apps/games easily.
Truly the FIRST EVER app to incorporate all your photo/video taking, editing, sharing, storage and social media - ALL-IN-ONE!
Brayne, a simple but engaging game that requires users to simply view and replicate a sequence in order to achieve their highest score.
‘Eline Speaks’ is an Alternative and Augmentative Communication iPad App that helps people with disabilities communicate with ease.
Wonderful Mama is an online magazine made just for mums and we need your help to take us to the next step in our adventure!
Let's bring a positive change. We want to develop a phone application that will help families unite with their lost loved ones.
Puts your life in 1-place in preparation of any unpredictable circumstance while taking the painful aftermath out of any tragedy
Where Should I Coffee wants to help you find great coffee anywhere you travel, and this locator app is going to make that happen.
Boycott companies for excessive commercialization. App for IOS and Android. Network of consumers to pledge group boycotts on companies
Gestionnaire de file d'attente et fidélisation par SMS.
Files d'attente, RDV, réservations, commandes, cartes de fidélité & Campagnes.
Children around the world sing & move their way to reading with this systematic, engaging App adventure. Happy learning,happy child:)
The app/site connecting real professionals with one another to help prepare for the most important moment in a career: the interview.
Learn a new language as if your private tutor were whispering the translations to you seamlessly.
BynJe helps you plan, manage and promote your party, rave, seminars or corporate event to friends, family, and/or perfect strangers.
L'application qui va revolutionner votre mode de voyager. Twi'n'go mettra en relation voyageurs et guides locaux dans tout les pays.
vinefile - search, rate and order wine. Designed for beverage professionals.
Noticeboard is the Free Australian Community IPhone app that allows the general public to interact in everyday events within the public
Application that connects you to peers in your proximity that acts as a middle man for contact exchange, communication and sharing.
Every year over 3000 people die in house fires. Our mission is to save lives by educating young families of the risks in their own home
Wayfarer's Path is a travelers guide app designed to help people share and discover new places around the world with fellow adventures
FiveDoubleU is a collection of mobile travel apps that provides you with everything you need for your next big trip, at the best price.
The complete source code with comments for 14 different App Store ready applications by Christmas.
ReadyGolf will connect golfers with other golfers based on matching preferences, ie; days you play golf, the courses you play and more!
UCC overcomes the connection limits of your car and increases driving safety reading aloud messages from any email & Social Channel.
Ground breaking app for firearm enthusiasts looking to increase skills, manage handloads, use augmented reality, track results and more
TableBeats is available for iOS at the moment but Android users are not forgotten! All turntablists need this in their phone/tablet!
Our Goal is to supply our end user with analytical predictive assumptions by integrating IBM's Watson with various technical indicators
Yosire is a mobile application and web page that lets users create a customized list of gifts. Is the new social network for gifts.
Make getting groceries on a budget much easier. Make your list and find out how much it will be at each major grocery store.
Share your passion for gaming. Ask, reply and share comments on your favourite games.
Tired of misplacing your Bluetooth headsets or portable speakers? The Bluetooth Finder is the right app for you!
What if you could send your own video via a postcard that magically comes alive in your hand? Back Smilez to make it work!
Vloggy is a new kind of application that give you the opportunity to “capture, edit and share” your vlog without buying anything!
SHARPX is a subscription-based app for booking barbers, nail techs, stylists & more. Let's take customer loyalty to the next level.
Say WOWSE! next time you’ll find the perfect home.
Gymlife is a free international app about artistic gymnastics. Instruction films, scoresheet, information etc. For all gymnastics fans
Instalivery is a start-up for a mobile delivery app that is local, green & fast: delivery within the hour!
As a psychologist/prof/author/developer, I want to make Apps/related content communicators to help kids in our rapidly changing world!
POI is a mobile app for iOS. A social platform giving celebrity & people of interest incentive to interact one on one with fans.
BABY SAFE helps families  protect the ones they love by alerting the parent if the baby or child is left in the car.
Fanimate is a platform that allows the freelancer community to work simultaneously on the tasks of any project.
Helping you get from A to B safely avoiding speed traps and road works
English Kids – English for kids 3 to 6. 
English Kids is an application that helps the little ones learn English easily.
Gambol Fitness - The most effective way to meet your future personal trainer. We are taking the guess work out of becoming fit.
Love football? Ever stuck trying to find a game or short on players? 365-a-side it and play football anywhere, anytime. #365asideit
Local economy! Keep main street glowing. A free custom, interactive Ringtone app to drive business home using economic rewards to users
I am attempting to create an innovative social networking app that will link people together in an entirely different way.
Vertical Escape is a mobile fitness program designed by leaders in fitness research.
Ever been written a prescription and wonder if that drug was the one that made you break out in hives last time? Now there is help.
The app that lets you CHOOSE SOLAR ENERGY using your phone - quick, easy, and free! Help make a difference for the environment
A quick way to send a small gift to anyone you know, and make your presence linger!
An educational technology app aiming to encourage and empower middle and high school students to learn on their own outside of class.
Say anything to anyone, namelessly.
Bring the Best Speech Therapy App, "Word Vault", to the Android App Store! Every Pledge of $35 or more gets the App Free!
The most meaningful conversations have always happened at the table. Family and friends together in one place with one app.
This is Going to Be a Fun, Very realistic Cooking Simulator, an enlightening app game. Learn to Cook!
Join us in creating a Pocket Convention of Comic Cons, Cosplay Meetups, Lightsaber Battles, Geeks Who Drink trivia, Gaming, & more!
An online platform where students can get homework help in any subject, 24/7 and tutors can get paid for providing answers.
Cellular providers make it too difficult to monitor shared plans. We're here to fix that with a beautiful, real-time app.
Mr. Popular is a brand new premium fake text message notification app targeted towards middle and high school students.
A network of Veterans helping Veterans cope with Stress and PTSD through a user friendly mobile application named Never Alone.
Bringing human stories to life
GIVE. GET. GROW. Do good and be rewarded for it.
ShopMap hopes to offer a more efficient shopping  experience. ShopMap will lead you to specific products while in malls or stores
ShopStore stores and automatically organizes your information for each store and company so it's there when you need it
A mobile display engine for soft analytics in 3 dimensions.  Available NOW for download. iOS / Android
The World's first Life after death app!
Quickly browse the latest news on celebs and find out which one of your friends are talking about it with Gossipy, RSS + Social
Create an accurate, on-the-spot proposal quicker than making a toss bouquet. Impossible? We say no.
"Convert Your Data Into Money"
A unique messaging app with social networking features. You own and control your privacy.
I am building the next big mobile app that will give away awesome FREE stuff to  millions of people. Its a really big deal!
Luke's 48 hours is a text adventure like game. The main feature of this game is the plot. As Luke your main goal will be to survive
An iOS social application for football fans built by football fans. Create and share memories, locate grounds and attractions.
Our app & monitoring device tracks in real-time and sends alerts of pollution events that effect you.
Earth's First Adventure Travel Game... merging real-life adventure travel with the digital world of mobile gamification!
Whats your favorite snack/drink? Want it in your machine? There's an app for that! Take control over all products in vending machines!
Buying a home is your largest and most important single investment. Most people dont know how to analyze it. We want to change that.
We want to raise the standards of the travel experience. That means offering the greatest from a destination, personal local guides.
Modish Music mobile app features all genres of new  underground music with music tracks, music videos, band merchandise and chat rooms.
Travel Babble enables travelers to connect with past, present, & future hostel-mates! Plan activities together & chat away!
An Educational Game for Kindergarten and Pre-K Classes utilizing touch screen controls and intuitive interface.
At the heart of P2PTrainer is the vision to transform the way people relate to fitness by connecting them to the experts near them.
I'm creating an app that can teach you how to resolve emotional issues. Raise your insight level as you solve the puzzle of your life!
Develop a Free App that will help and provide advice  to Delayed Passengers in Airports around the World.
Save gps marks in lists, retrieve geometry calculations (area, lengths), show them on a google map and much more.
Challenging youth who arent challenged by the school system and regain their love to learn with iPhone and Android App development!
Brommobiel navigatie nodig? Help mee er één te ontwikkelen in twee stappen!
This will be a most unique, attention-grabbing app that will create much interest among golfers in the community and nationwide.
A Social Media Network startup, IoT iBeacon location based. Management Platform - Academic, Real Estate, Businesses & more. #openhouse
MapStat localizes you and your friends, and displays the places that all of you can get to in 10 minutes of walking and public transit.
Fight Face is a boxing app that allows you to upload your facial expressions and sounds that change as you get punched and land punches
A new and functional connectivity app integrated with the powerful social media tools we have available to us today
MySound iPhone App - Record & Share 20 Second Sound Clips With Family & Friends
Struggle picking out clothes to wear or when you're out shopping? Can't decide between two things? Steyelr is the app for you!
Soundplex is a platform designed to revolutionize the Music Industry! Allowing millions to interact worldwide and network!
To create the world's first app that allows fitness enthusiasts of any level to find a training partner based on goals and location.
Through extensive research we now know exactly what kids need to learn how to read and how to simplify this process for teachers.
We are a team of three fourteen year-olds making an app for our history teacher and we want to take this a step further!
Mobile App photo game.
A new app by writers & photographers for EVERYONE to exchange inspiration, stories from daily life & mixed media with photos & writing.
Gets you completely confident with ALL your times tables, literally in minutes, instead of weeks, months or years. For kids and adults.
Anon-a-Yo! is an iPhone/Android app that will allow you to send an anonymous "Yo" to your friends. It's like Yo, but less useful.
Learn how to create and develop iOS 10 apps in Xcode 8
BookBridges is a groundbreaking app that makes textbooks more accessible and affordable for everyone.
THE NEW WAY to BLOG AND VLOG.
People Online Posting Personal Unique Happenings!
Share your day realtime with your friends.
Express gratitude for acts of kindness by sending "Kindness Points" to kind people. Share your thanks and kindness stories with all.
Have you ever forgot what time your working?.. Hows about checking on your work rota through this App?
Go Akuna™ will change the way people fish. You can compete in sponsored fishing tournaments and keep a journal of your trophy catches.
Playdius is an app all about the play and performance of events happening within your radius, or location. Start hosting now
Build a chrome extension for Gmail that let's you translate an entire thread of emails into another language, for your French uncle.
Mobile Grievance Application for factory workers to connect them directly to the brands who are buying the goods from the factories
We want servers to make more money & diners to have more fun when they go out to eat. We're building an experience to make that happen.
Get inspired and inspire others! Social with intention to capture the momentum towards living your happiest and healthiest life!
Make your mobile or Tablet a time machine and use it to look back in time to see what Old London Bridge would have looked like.
A website and app that locates undiscovered poetic talent. Will you help us find the next Shakespeare, Dickinson, or Biggie Smalls?
LOOKS GOOD ON ME transforms your friends into an intimate circle of Fashion Advisors you can call on at the touch of a button.
Nearhood is a new app to keep up and share moments with people in your neighbourhood or in any others around the world
Unique way to chronicle every precious moment throughout your pregnancy & baby's first years of life. Upload Pics, Videos, & much more!
A social network based around happy hours. Find happy hours and build your network at the times people want to connect.
Wolcott Treehouse Productions will team up with AllianceTeck to develop an food, culture, and travel mobile app for world travelers
A fun, easy and accessible way to meet new people instantly.
We all like different things, so why do we visit the same places when we travel?
Discover T-IL, the first 100% personalized travel app.
This is an app that will allow injury prone athletes to post there recent injuries and compare or rate them with your friends.
Imaginality brings learning to life using Augmented Reality. It's already great on PCs. Help us get it running on Mobile Devices & Macs
Lo que quiero llegar a hacer es un cluster de 15 Raspberrys de con información publica para análisis de datos con una ip publica
Distracted Driving Kills! We want to make SafeCell 360 available to teenage drivers in the United States for the 2014/2015 year   FREE!
Ridar is an innovative and passive software application that enhances cycle safety by making drivers aware of a rider’s proximity.
An innovative healthtech app and software that connects patients and doctors to faster and accurate laboratory test results.
Create tasks from your emails with a simple slide and enjoy a lot of other features which will simplify your life.
Kiynd {pronounced: kind} is an altruism app that aims to inject a bit of humanity back into humans.
An app that will enable scifi fans to get all the necessary informations about conventions, scifi shops and more!
Melteampot permet de retrouver autour de vous, des compatriotes, des locaux ou d'autres touristes ayant des langues communes avec vous!
Balkan Singles is the first app ever to connect you with other Balkan singles nationwide. Maybe you find your "LOVE AT FIRST SWIPE"
Breaking News: A new species of emoji has emerged!
We are building a community of Patent Troll's victims! They can share information and crowd source legal defense to fight them back.
COLLECTNATION create an inventory of your collection to enjoy, manage, and share safely and securely from any device
Give your phone a volume boost and surround sound
Find the best geographic location to host your next outing based on where everyone is coming from & the type of place you want to go.
Me inspiración es intentar ayudar a los estudiantes a encontrar su primera experiencia laboral
Everyday ten’s of thousands of people die in the world and never have the opportunity to say goodbye but now everyone can!
Shelvy will send you alerts before your food goes bad.Place a Shelvy sticker, scan it through the app and start to save time and money!
The ‘arresting’ mobile app is GPS enabled and statute specific to each jurisdiction for detention laws and reciprocity agreements.
Run a race anywhere, anytime, against anybody. A fundraising phone app to help you raise money!
I want to create an app which connects amateur experts on almost any subject with those in need of their help.
FairBear takes the current parenting model step ahead with exclusive fair reward system that Kids and Parents just love.
INN - Home of the Share Economy. Share and rent anything you need, whenever you need it. In realtime.
To boldly go where no other mental health app has. Decades of psychotherapy meet a digital world for a revolutionary depression tool.
FUNN Magazine is the world's 1st magazine that works 100% with your smartphone/tablet. It's insane. go here: www.funnmag.com
An app that allows users to connect with a bar that suits them. Bars Against Humanity is more subversive than Yelp is capable of being.
See Me Train training app helps you train your pet while you are at work or out of the home for extended periods, day or night.
Set up a character sheet with all of your geeky interests and then flip through the profiles of people in your area for your next ally.
For Schools, Sports Clubs, Medical Agencies etc who need to notify large groups of people without the costs associated with SMS/Text
Designed for activating full potential and breaking away from conventional modes.
A FREE app designed it to streamline the therapeutic process for those diagnosed with Autism or language delays.
NightDrive App is antisleep driver assistant on smartphone. It uses smartphone front camera to continuously monitor driver's eyes
Beginning production of an easy to use app for people at or near the end of life who never got to complete their bucket list.
Show your school spirit and download your college marching band playing your alma mater fight song as your ringtone,
App company striving to create new and innovating applications. Just finished our 1st app, Spot4Me and Spot4Me4U (free version)!
Quickly find the highest rated photographers, no matter where your location!
This app is designed to stop cyclist and motorcyclists getting killed on roads. The app tells the driver verbally when cyclist is close
Making a software for mobile iDevices and android to make custom translations to every word on your device to learn a new language
Quicklive is a new geolocalized medium of research, created for give to the user an overview of what is around him.
Update Marco Polo for Android KitKat.  Share your location with friends using the familiar Google Maps interface.
We're rebuilding TruthSeeker for iPhone and Android for the first time since 2010! HELP!
The worlds first intelligent personal training apps, that create custom meal plans and workout programs and learn from your habits.
The most hype photo editor the underground app world has ever seen!
This application will notify customers an ice cream truck is in their area, and show the street location for the vendor.
myWorkTime was 4 years of R&D, gathering knowledge, insight, and direction from our users. myWorkTimePro is the result of that research
IFS will bring visual representations of financial data and sophisticated budgeting to small companies.
---
WACPSN v 1.0 Mobile App will help the Developers to manage their Apps protected with Serial Numbers using Smart Phones & Tablets!
Very user friendly app for college students to keep track of their GPA, classes, grades, semesters, supplies, and assignments.
An app to press a button to record the sound in the past. No need to press a button twice to start and stop. Great for taking notes
Free social app designed as a tool for everyone seeking recreational activity fun! Users will be able to stay connected with friends.
Mobi Kleen is the premiere app-based car wash service provider. 
We'll come to your home, work or wherever, whenever to wash your car.
Lend your Hand and guide your loved ones, parents with kids or elderlies, friends with orientation and visual impairments.
Virtual 3D Shopping/Gaming App
Ciao, ti presento, se già non lo conosci, il progetto Koala news.
Koala news è il primo aggregatore notizie sulla tecnologia in Italia
Comprehensive App and Website for Garage Sales, Thrift Shops and Pawn Shops across multiple countries.
SPONET is a social network where People can discover, challenge, and share the passion for the sports. ( Pick-up, Team, Lesson )
A unique Role-playing Facebook app designed by Role-players to match the natural dynamics of online role-playing
Our platform will let you create awesome mobile apps for iOS, Android and Kindle without coding. All you must do is to add your content
Nauroo is a smartphone app that makes finding a trusted babysitter easier, quicker, and safer than ever before. It’s On-Demand!
NavChat allows users to see their friend's location on a map, chat to them and then meet them! You can turn your location on or off.
"Mind Blowing!" Capture unseen Light and Motion in video.
Have you ever wanted to see something paranormal? Nothing can hide from this!
An app for Android to assist everyone wanting to learn one of the trickier languages to master through playful and motivational methods
Communitrainer App designed to measure the time response of each individual participant into a meeting. Useful into psychology domain.
A revolutionary way of booking with a cloud based booking system.No more long annoying calls, Book anything from anywhere any time.
An App That Let's You Monitor Your Kids' Device Usage, App Downloads and Location.  Get involved!
We are making a football app. This app will allow the user to find the latest news and also use it as a platform to talk to other fans
Groundbreaking language app. Mr Mentor's unique method enables rapid progress. From 0 to hero! Add gaming & animation to the mix, bliss
Smart App Search Engine! The Next Big Thing In Technology!
Set your status. See Who's Free. Meet up. Without the Hassle.
Detroit students have the worst success rate (4%) in the industrialized world. Help them SOAR with skills for college & career success!
After trying every dating service in the last 20 years, my unique app offers accountability, endorsements, referrals, and matchmaking!
Alle Partys in deiner Umgebung auf einem Blick!
This App is a support role where the person can apply for services previously
Syn is the first and only app that detects your music and generates stunning visual art to match with the simple press of a button.
Spitball is a messaging inbox app for kids. Fireball is the companion app that alerts parents to suspicious messages.
Develop your memory and learn foreign languages at the same time. Also educate your kids from the first steps.
Musicians, Artists & Entertainers can now, easily share/host ALL of their information such as Social Media, Art & Music on ONE platform
An application that connects users in a new way. Share your opinion, see the pulse of the world.
An iOS & Android app which allows Muslims to connect through prayers. No more Likes and Comment to your Duas, you get AMIN on Tutlub.
Development of a mobile App to assist high school students find a college that is best suited for them and their particular needs.
The brand new app, Ride - your personal driver, is approximately 25% cheaper than Uber, as well as all other transportation apps.
Improve communication with WIL the system that allows anyone to use their own logo as a promotional vehicle. Help people keep in touch!
Triber lets you forge adventures with like-minded people.  It's like a pick-up game for anything cool.
The Monster Checker app on the Android platform has solved the age old issue of children being afraid of monsters.
Everyone should learn to program at an early age. With lessons available in Spanish, more students can learn this 21st century skill.
I'm creating a lesson project that will teach people how to develop, code, and distribute their own apps to the App Store!
The "Uber" of textbooks - Book Nerd, is a first in a $5 billion industry.
A free and easy to use educational times table app without ads or any other nags (initially aimed at Android devices)
TinyDonation is a platform for charitable giving which encourages micro-donations in a fun, social app experience.
This is the official Kickstarter donation for the up-and-coming comedy and social media app, Project Comedy!
This app allows you to transform your house into a green screening studio for free! I am 12 years old and would love my idea happening!
Portaplug is a growing network of conveniently selected locations in NYC from which you can rent and return fully juiced power banks.
Wheelber.com - The World’s First Handicap Accessible Ride Sharing Service App
Never be broke again!  Let JobOutBid App help you.  Bid daily for work, earn cash and be your own boss.
swipe is a messaging platform where you can swipe between your ongoing conversations.
MyFavTunes - find the music you experienced at your spinning class, the club or last weekend's party without leaving the experience!
See how an animal figure comes to life in your device! No QR codes, trigger images or pairing, just point the toy and enjoy!
I want to build an app for teachers/principals to track missed preps and prep paybacks. It's fast, easy, and consistent!
App that records when planting a tree, share it and look in the App or on the web all parties also made for a green planet.
Whiteboard messaging combines productivity & privacy with integrated content to enable sharing of real-time information all in one app.
Zipper is an app on Facebook where you can meet new friends that like the same things you 'Liked'.
Teek is an intelligent messaging app that predicts your next sentence. The more you use it, the more intelligent it becomes.
We are creating a Dance Directory App listing every dance organisation, show, event, audition and shops around the world.
Instant Messaging, Calls And Voice Messaging? Social network? All In One App? Helping uni students to connect with each other, fast :-]
One stop solution for all competetive amatuer/proffessional sport clubs. Including Website, social network, PlayBook Apps, Team Sheet..
FotoSphere is the anonymous photo-sharing app.  Now you can share photos with the world - all without sacrificing your identity.
LensShare is the only app that allows creatives to rent/buy/sell equipment to each other locally, and around the globe.
Complimentary is the first app for anonymously giving and receiving compliments.
Train Social is a world first concept, offering a unique and exciting way for Australian train commuters to engage with social media.
Virtuacast creates the illusion of life size holograms to view and interact with, then share the resulting videos on social media.
A place where you can come and create a meaningful, lasting tribute for someone in your life that has passed away
An app to map out your grocery basket, showing you where your food comes from and how it impacts our planet.
This project aims to create an app for to give a real chance for people to locate tango partners wherever they are and chat with it!
A mobile concierge designed to allow people traveling with physical disabilities to explore the world with confidence!
The Social Network for Musicians, Directors, Producers and all fans of Music.
An iOS pedometer app that compares how far you've walked with real or fictional distances to get you motivated!
We believe there is a mixtape for every occasion! Use Miksly to put together and share your very own custom Mixtapes!
A revolutionary app which brings people together again. Location based communication to rebuild communities.
A new app that you can be aware of all the news about...
Breaking News, Sports, VideoGames and Movies.
Share your fitness!
A new app that lets you share and use fitness plans from all over the world.
EMPOWERING YOU TO PROTECT YOUR DATA!
Evagene is the fastest, easiest and most fun way to draw family trees on a computer. Let's have Evagene on Android phones and tablets.
Quiet the Mind and the Soul will Speak: The 1st Autonomous Meditation App in the palm of your hands!
The wallet doesn't need a new gadget, it needs a service.  We believe that service should be free.  Welcome to Vallt.
Simple, effective, and easy to navigate. This will be the last event app that you will ever need.
Preserve your Love Memories and wonderful moments with your partner.
MomCo is a FREE APP that connects moms with other moms in their community as well as services and businesses that cater to families.
An app for communicating in an open-chat environment.
Boston's newest iOS app for discovering restaurants by atmosphere & ambiance. Personalize your restaurant search with confidence!
Gold Star of the Day is an App Platform designed to communicate  the positive being done by people in their community and workplaces.
Similar concept as Tinder - Only with sport. Find and join sport nearby.
We are developing an application targeted for active military as well as veterans, connecting them and healing the Mind,Body,and Spirit
A mobile application to find, discuss, and share parties
Mayday Alerts keep you safe by alerting the police when you are in danger and sending your location info to your loved ones.
An app that generates music on the go as you drive your car. Matches the intensity of the music to the intensity of your ride.
Minimize waste and save money by tracking and organizing food with the Fresh Lids app. Receive notifications before perishables expire!
Hello, we are a group of students. We have a school project. We want to create an app where you can find out where the bus is located.
Imagine an app that manages all your financial, social and media needs, all your bank accounts, social media and reading material one!
Achievements made for real life. A self improvement, self education,  self motivation, life planner and experience helper app.
With the Shot Caddy you can practice and capture all your shots and take them onto the golf course and help lower your scores.
An exercise initiative to empower children and parents. Exercise apps to teach kids how to move properly and have fun.
A revolutionary app that breaks down emails into manageable parts and calls out that which you need to pay attention to. Automatically.
A fun and surprising way to let your friends know what you are in the mood to do and maybe just maybe they’re in the same mood as you!
Pupapo helps you discover others around you who share your curiosity to find friends with the same interests.
Airbnb for your pets. Fun way to get to know your neighbors with community backyards and less expensive than a puppy daycare
Les plaques d'amiante ciment utilisées en toiture ont parfois été traitées en surface aux huiles PCB. Quels impacts pour nos enfants ?
Yes, it´s true! We´re taking the awesomeness of co-creating music with the artist to your smartphone... and it´s simple to.
Quickly manage multiple Social Media accounts including:  Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, Google Plus, and Foursquare - all from one app.
Go outside – be active – Smash your favourite moments and don’t miss anything in your City.
Quiziversity is an an online service to make it easier for you to learn faster and to remember what you have learned.
I want you to feel time on Apple's new smartwatch called Apple Watch with an App that will gently tap you on the wrist.
In PlayKick is a game in which you get score thanks to the results you get from different events being published.
This app will simulate the Trumpet musical instrument on iPhone or iPad with Rhythms and Accords
NICU Companion connects families of NICU babies with information, resources, and a support community to help them along their journey.
Social eCards reinvents the greeting card with fun features such as picture, audio, video sharing and communication in a new display.
Diary Entries Anonymous (DEA) is a lifelike diary that you can share anonymously with others or make it private for your eyes only.
Play Big Brother Mobile live w/ other super fans! Strategize, build alliances & compete to be the last house guest standing.
Through the app, the consumers will be showed a route, on the basis of a pre-filled shopping list. As an extension of customer service.
Itofe is a new service that aims to reduce CO2 emission caused by cars. The service is managed using a website and a mobile application
Go-Made is a pioneering app built for everyone to interactively buy and sell delicious homemade food anytime, anywhere.
Politican allows users to stay anonymous and post their true thoughts on real political issues today. Politican: Be The Voice
Creating a new social media phone app to help build true friends online and not just manage the ones you already have!
Fitventure is a mobile application thats promotes healthy living and exercise by turning fitness tracker data into a competitive RPG.
Join us in creating the "OUI" app that matches persons by their inner sensibilities, emotions, aesthetic and creative preferences!
PackList provides a collaborative spin on managing items and costs for your long weekends, vacations and get togethers.
Smartphone App that organizes your goals by creating customized "Achievement Calendars and Deadlines" keeping you on track for success
Capture your memories and share your drink explorations with friends to truly drink socially. Cheers!
An app specially designed to help users overcome depression using techniques based on the 28 Days of Hope book.
IIS2IIS lets people and organizations link to access mobile mapped groups to share photos and videos of personal and public events live
I want to bring a textbook savings tool to iPad and iPhone to help students save on textbooks any place, any time.
Tired of being hopelessly upset at the state of political America? Democracy4US --- an app designed to fix politics in America.
Go to the store, get points, add them up and get free stuff!
Instant, hassle-free mobile internet across all your devices with advanced settings
We're building an App that will read you your favorite newspaper articles in a wide range of voices!
GIF Jockey is a revolutionary app that lets you play with GIFs in a totally new way. Coming this summer.
A dedicated app for anyone who has seen their Rush Hour Crush on London transport & never took the chance to say hi... Dating on the GO
Avoid going to hospitals with long waiting time at the emergency ward with this app.
Interactive sheet music on your tablet. Challenge your friends to a song.
An app that will significantly improve song writing through high-quality song writing tools and well thought out archive system.
An app for iOS/Android will provide stadium/venue concession ordering services. Enter location seat & section no more missing the game!
1 easy-to-use resource; manage information & increase productivity. Integrated project management; GPS, tax-log income & expenses
StockSwipe is an intuitive, fun and simple app that lets you swipe through randomly selected stock charts.
Discover the world
Incorporate "Familiar Faces" on to characters and in to music to entertain your baby in a loving familiar way!
The Vordo app is your reliable friend while traveling, studying and working. Our app provides fast, high quality live translation.
Bleyd is a mobile app that identifies allergens and irritants from restaurants menus
Our mission is to innovate the laundry industry by providing an on demand mobile app, changing the way you do your laundry.
It's is a new way to find new music. It will give you the best oppertunity to share your music.
The most integrated travel app of all time. Get access to millions of locations, deals, and itineraries to plan your next adventure!
GYMatch is a mobile app that helps members meet fitness-conscious friends and locate all types of local exercise facilities.
In the city that never sleeps, WIMBA connects you to and keeps track of your favorite bartenders.
Secure and confidential communication
High quality videos, blogs & files filtered by topic. Public & private forums for executives, entrepreneurs & business schools.
Create an app for phone or tablet to control every smart device in your home - light bulbs, door locks, garage door, etc.
HailBound is an innovative app suite for weather enthusiasts & storm chasers.  There's something for everyone from novices to experts.
The new app that connects people through the languages they speak.
AudIOfy is the Internet News Radio of the Future. It reads aloud news articles from Facebook & Twitter channels like an audio book.
Close your eyes, how will it be, meeting new people? You can get so much more by hearing a person’s voice. Personality beyond pictures.
Twitter can be a beautiful or scary place. The Fierce app helps you build your confidence & source support when faced with harassment.
Let's reduce off road fatalities and accidents. Let's get off road lovers a tool to keep them and their kids safe while they tear-it-up
Our idea is to make an app, when you are listening to a song, you can sing along with the lyrics like it's a karaoke party!
Building a platform that allows people around the world to set and manage their goals for free
BirdieUp is an app that allows golfers to take videos of their golf swings and share it with other golfers to get feedback!
Coincounters pocket a quick buck with no shame. Even when you give in, better start hauling 3 mi. #Coint it yourself. Never #penniless.
With ONE click, this unique app lets users rapidly shoot labeled, geotagged photos uploaded to the cloud  to map & share.
This app will help users improve their health through daily flexibility programs, with reminders to get up from their desks.
A revolutionary solution to dominate the stock market! Learn to buy & sell shares w/ a fun and competitive twist! 
Rise Off The Charts!
Portal Web y Aplicación Móvil de Realidad Aumentada para descubrir sitios de interés en la Naturaleza (Montes, Cascadas, Ruinas, etc.)
En Goo Fast, trabajamos para que las empresas, transportistas y usuarios puedan vincularse de una manera sencilla y rápida mutuamente.
AboutTrees Free Wood Chip Mulch App connects homeowners who want free wood chip mulch with tree services who have it!
Keep snoozing your reminders? Immune to your phone’s alerts? Keep missing tasks? You’re not lazy, you just need a better reminder tool!
AlphaTrace is a mobile application which allows users to improve their handwriting skills by tracing letters from the alphabet.
Objektiv. Troverdig. Enkel. Sjekk Maten gir deg sannheten om matvarene basert på norske myndigheters kostholdsråd
The air is bad. What time today should you [play, travel, commute hike...]?  Use your pricey smartphone & the Sun to find out.
Park Swift links drivers with available parking spots.  Drivers Save time, Property owners make extra $$ and the Environment wins.
Automatically detect and respond to emergencies no matter where you are, even if you can't reach your phone. No hardware required.
Nearly 10 million Americans suffer with mental illness yet many lack adequate access to care. PsyGo Selection helps close the gap.
A quick and easy way to schedule your text messages
Nehmen und Geben für eine bessere Welt durch Spielentwicklung. --Brunnenbauen ist unser Ziel-
These apps will provide virtual reading instruction.  Users will learn & practice reading skills through fun developmental activities.
This app will be useful to all caterers to keep details of client tastings useful and available
We are creating a user friendly, fair, and free book trading experience both web and app based built on the platform of book coins.
A revolutionary way of booking with a cloud based booking system.No more long annoying calls, Book anything from anywhere any time.
There is evidence that suggests that compassion is an innate human response. But many of us don't know how to express it.
A sporting-social website for health conscious people to plan, record, motivate, achieve, network and succeed in their fitness goals.
Fantasy Crowd is a messenger app inspired by dialog boxes in video games.
TruScribe is crowdsourcing the first Global Visual Language. This marketplace will reward members who contribute in meaningful ways.
MyPart is an app that tracks and rewards the family members who actually provide physical and emotional care to their aging loved ones.
An app that will keep all the information about your child(ren). An emergency app for authorities if your child goes missing.
Let your social network make your wish list happen.Tips for unnecessary things we can't live without:where,when,why. 
Not for dreamers.
Beatmaking app harnessing the sounds of the ubiquitous Amen Break; profits go to originators, drummer scholarship and media grants.
Rippled Waters is a unique data and social application for fishing enthusiasts, from beginner to experienced, casual or professional.
Con Centric is making YOU the center of the convention by putting the world of comic cons in the palm of your hand.
SplitZen is a child support management system that offers an incentive to parents to work together to provide for their children.
The first community for italian speaking freelances living abroad
In a nutshell, vibeSquirrel is a free positive messaging app! Get random positive "vibes" throughout the week on Android or iPhone.
So we can give the Nut/Peanut-Free edition free which gives you a quick thumbs up/down if 233,269 products have what you want or don't.
A new communication method, where people who see & live the event report it
Reports will be ranked based on area, reputation & quality
Coolest app for pet owners and pet lovers.
The Innovative SQ4R Learning App will allow students to invest time into subjects that matter to them & give them a return after school
Find, track, and share tens of thousands of trails all across the United States, for 16 different adventure types.
Social Hub is a new kind of social media aggregator that focusses on ease of use for regular people.
Core is an all in one organizer and private info journal. See www.mycoreinfo.net   Funding is sought to build a web based version of it
EduCase is the first free online interactive platform for English learners and teachers with complete courses at 5 different levels.
Do you know what's in your Star Wars Collection? With this App, you will know exactly what you have and need for your collection.
All food apps in one. Think personalized recipes, food concierge, fitness, dietitians, and restaurant menus- Its big data driven by you
Local Mini Chat - App 
The #1 social app for Classic Mini enthusiasts. Designed to bring the classic fans closer together!
The new Instagram combined with MyFitnessPal. We make your weight loss journey easier and keep you motivated.
Help protecting our privacy, what apps can get from our phones?
An app i am trying to get funded and launched into the app store. it will allow users to modify certain features of their car.
Use GPS and Weather Sytems to predict Migraine through H/L pressure change. Warn user and remind to take precautions/medicine.
Listen to music with the world in real-time, discover new songs, and meet new friends. Because music is better together.
Creating a meaningful Social Media platform for traditionally unheard and underrepresented people to find their voice for justice.
MyForesome eliminates the frustration off the course because we all know there will be plenty of frustration on the course.
With cash becoming an outdated payment method, this application automatically allows you to give your change to charity or piggy bank
The first ever Quran speech recognition app that is able to recognize Quranic recitations by Surah and Verse # in and out of prayer.
Helping those with gluten, nut, egg, soy and dairy allergies, lead a normal social and safe life.
Educational Game for Children with Augmented Reality and interactive 3d models. Learn can be Fun!
Trasladamos la idea del Spinning al Running en Espacios abiertos gracias a nuestra App y Tecnología.
flo allows you to style and layout UI elements visually for React Native apps. No more UI layout and styling using Javascript.
Developing a simple App that allows you to show people what your voice "really" sounds like (as it always sounds to you).
A mobile app and magazine to deliver more marketing channels and value to our brand partners/corporate sponsors.
RaidCall es una herramienta gratis, elegante y simple que te ayuda a comunicarte de manera inmediata con un grupo de personas.
Are you password challenged? Be a Drongzer
Globeik.com is a platform that pays the normal person up to $62 per hour to instruct their everyday language for a $1.20 per learner.
Prelimb is an iOS app that empowers you to visualize & experience your landscaping projects before you've even bought the plants.
PIF provides users with the best and most efficient opportunity to promote them selves and achieve their respective goals.
This app tells you what your friends are up to in real time using patent pending technology.  Stay informed without being interrupted.
This is the worlds first app that jams with you as you play guitar. You can also create music with a simple touch of a chord.
Already 70 000 users and more than 50 articles and TV shows. No more "I have nothing to wear" dilemma. Find your outfit in two seconds.
Trancit is a combination of both ride sharing and private couriers. Pin your location and a Trancit driver will pick your item up.
Better Education Tech => Better Education => Better World. Let's share this FREE class management technology to the world! Jot for all!
A mobile toolkit powered by next-generation technology that delivers ALL of YOUR election info into the palm of your hand
Modern Day Relationships are all about "Looks". Personalicheck changes that and makes it about the person!
Send Christmas greetings in Augmented Reality, just like PokemonGo.
The app is all about past questions on Maths for different exams, years from different part of the world for students to practice with.
Tomo is a communal savings app that encourages you and your trusted network of friends to save towards a common goal.
Publicación de la versión App de la web gratuita TDT.Gratis, con más de 25.000 visitas/mes, en Google play, App Store y Marketplace
Interact with every local hot spot, and everyone around it. Night Out!
Your personal, local concierge, with you, every step...
Find garage sales near your location, list items on the app, make quick cash or find cheap household goods all simply and affordably.
Zapp 2 Learn is a system that supports teaching young children to read and spell by combining the power of a book and app.
Final Farewell is an app for smart phones that allows the user to leave notes to friends and loved ones upon their demise.
Trotton à pour but de mettre en relation les cavaliers et propriétaires pour s'entraider lors des divers déplacements.
Help people who require blood urgently around the place you are. Interested donors will get message from near by hospitals/blood banks
Looking to create an app to bring exclusive content to model-actress, Runa Lucienne's 1.3+ Million fans!
Looking to create an awesome and easy ios/android compatible app as a base for a future mobile business. Who doesn't love a fun game?!
A dating app that allows you to check-in & find other singles in the same location!
You're missing the good things that happen today.
MyPavloff helps to see the world around you. We build a new world, icon and an app.
Dive into a three dimensional world that revolves around cars, how they work as well as how they are serviced and repaired.
iFynder can help track precise location. iFynder allows to alert e911 with the click of a single button.
InvolvEdu is a free app for students and student groups that makes it easier to reach students and easier for students to get involved.
Your personal S.M.A.R.T decision making assistant for iOS/Android with Machine Learning Intelligence
A mobile app to capture, tell, & share your 500 mile journey along the Camino de Santiago.
Lookius gives every place in the world their own community noticeboard. The website is already live, now we want to build a native app!
Improve your players with this amazing app The tool all coaches needs to keep an eye on the the team's strengths and weaknesses
AvisApp es una aplicación donde las personas podrán ver convocatorias para poder participar en ellas.
Brag about your #holiday, #car, #stacks, #bod -  or anything else. On 'Braggie,' you get admired for your accomplishments.
Creating a app for Car Spotters. You spot a rare or exotic car and upload the picture to spotted,tagging the Brand,Model,Location.
A Singaporean food suggestion app, bringing healthy and tasty choices to you, right when you need to know.
FMB Technology is developing an app that will allow parents and students to track their school buses to make mornings safer and easier.
Started by a group of motivated and determined students to promote online learning and advocate the constructive use of technology...
Let's make volunteering simple! Minihero lets you help, and be helped, by people nearby as easily as hailing an Über.
Our little caveman friend is constantly getting himself stuck in caves, buildings and other structures, your task is to free him
Innovating the way we do yard upkeep.
An app designed to help students through all stages of writing, including building background knowledge and receiving peer feedback.
Schadekiek is an app to report car damage. Simply take 4 photo's and get auto repair estimates directly on your smartphone.
We want to help football fans across the globe to connect with each other, to socialise, watch games together and share their passion!
Funding for the development of the revolutionary realtime chat app.
Let's Spark the future of millions of  students graduating high school and college with professional beneficial resources.
Need help with applying makeup or a hairstyle? Get help from a pro on demand! They'll walk you through it!
Feel good by helping each other.
Ever wonder how many people agree with your political view? Application 'Democracy Now' is a referendum for the people. Have your say!
Presto Home Service! The easiest way to get all of your chores done! schedule at your convenience, and pay through the app!
Convivpeople is a new version of the Parisian salons of the 18th century where social and intellectual network exchanges happened.
Create and share your own emojis by converting photos or drawing by hand. Also use the ability to stamp your emojis on your own photos!
A videophone ipad app your grandfather can use. Like facetime, but as easy to use as a touch tone phone. Huge buttons. Simple screens.
Do you hate being on hold? Do you hate hold music? Wouldn't it be better to listen to your own music? Hold Music Hider does just that!
Designed to give you a visual and personal socialising experience.
Primal Paleo is an app where you can search food lists, recipes, tips and more.
Always remember,life is not about the amount of breaths you take,it's the moments that take your breath away.
Roll is a social Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu app that tracks training stats, compares against other fighters and manages academy membership.
Looking to develop an index app of Black-Owned businesses across the US that notifies users when they are in close proximity.
A app for kids to make communication between kids and social worker easier
Design Spot is an augmented reality app that guides you through design in your neighborhood and lets you define it for yourself.
A better way to manage code snippets, programming tips, development notes in your Gist.
Your customized, one-stop guide to politics, government, and elections.
An interactive, exciting learning app, tailored to meet the requirements of the UK national curriculum, used at home and school.
Creating a unique camera clicker and viewer that allows full remote control of another iPhone's camera app via bluetooth connection.
Tired of high eBay fees? Or the security of Craigslist? Try Swap.Ninja and securely buy, sell and swap items to others for FREE!
We use word meanings every day, but have you ever wondered what the letters mean? Meet Letter Level, the tool which does just that!
MathsWrap is a fantastic app to help children learn math - while defending the planet, or helping Jo Jo the hamster find her way home !
A crowdfunded Android Game where the backers are the game art. Let's build a game together.
Little Seth is an app, specially designed for children. Prepare your child for a bright future with the magic of playful learning.
GYSH is an app-based, on-demand, real-time delivery platform designed to save you time and money, while adding unmatched convenience.
Book on demand services through you phone 24/7 simple by downloading our App. The App Will create new jobs for over then 2500 people.
No more messy back & forth whatsapp / messages.  Find the best time slot for the next gathering in seconds.
Hypocam gives you professional tools to take amazing black and white pictures inspired by the greatest masters of photography.
DGB Tags Is a app / service to keep track of disc golf club's bag tags. You will always know where the tags are and who has them.
An app to nurture, enhance, teach and create!
Students learn to rehearse, create and network!
Take them from Stage to the STARS!
Press the button. Get briefed. FKNG CALL and be the difference.
Zodiap: Dating app based on astrological compatibility. Many millions follow and Zodiap matches you with your perfect co-star in life.
Digital projects made so easy !
A FREE Computer app that will make real estate transactions safe, fun and EZ. Save thousands instantly.  So simple a child can do it!
Creating an App and Website to make the ToGo ordering process easier and more efficient for the consumer and buisness owner!
Help us to unite iOS & Android users in HAPPINESS! HappiJar is an app which inspires us to love the little things in life & share them.
MiBank is mobile application to help people around the world become more financial aware, efficient and responsible with their money.
social event planning on a personal level. arrange dates or nights out with your friends. a one stop shop for a night out
A story, coloring book and Augmented Reality App all in one! Motivate kids imaginations through the fun of reading and play.
Sharing music has never been more fun! With our app, your sharing also benefits the artist. Watch the video to learn more!
The App That Reminds You That Your Child is in The back Seat.
An app to visualize the movements of Game of Thrones characters on the map, with lots of extra information. Made by fans for fans.
Life passes, so should what you post online.
Create a photo "Hive" (album), and allow friends and family to contribute photos from their mobile devices. Photos auto-upload!
The Wine App & Guide to easily select Quality wine to suit YOUR palate / choisissez des Vins de qualité en fonction de VOTRE palais
Tired of nagging your kids to get up and ready in the morning or to get chores done? Give them a reminder without saying anything!
Curso de desarrollo de apps para iOS tanto para nuevos programadores, como para los que se reciclan de otros lenguajes de programación
When did shopping get so boring? At Logo we think shopping should be easy, stress-free, and fun! Check out our free iPhone app.
Development of an app that parents can place on a mobile device that will disable texting functionality while the car is in motion.
The RTE is a GUI designer that converts your projects to HTML and Android code. Control devices using OSC, UDP, TCP, RS232 & more!
Introducing the Share Economy model for Parking Meter Feeding and other Parking Services. Helping make ticket fear disappear!
I would like to speed up the development of an iPhone version of an Android app I have already developed and published on Google play.
Shareflo is a technology company that streamlines hyperlocal ecommerce; mobile platform that allows anyone to rent or buy things nearby
I want to get more people getting active and making new connections within the city that they are in. Social networking for Sports.
Have you ever wished you could have complete control over what products are in your vending machine? There's an app for that!
Document and communicate the seemingly inexplicable changes in children to guide treatment and find a cure for PANDAS / PANS.
App recommends the ideal food products for you in supermarket shopping, according to your personal body information.
Help us create great apps for learning Norwegian on your own!
A voice to text app for private and commercial pilots.  It transcribes ATC transmissions and filters by call sign.  Allows deaf to fly!
Synchronize and encrypt your diary. Device only encryption.
Mobile app connecting people who want to get fit with fitness enthusiasts all over the world through barter and skill-swapping.
'Everyone loves a quiz', a cliche yes but it couldn't be more true. MIQUIZ - the no1 app for downloading, creating and sharing quizzes.
Our app is a fun and interactive fitness app that will promote healthy living and provide users with an enjoyable exercise experience.
Harmoney allows roommates to efficiently organize chores, payments, and communication all in one place.
Landmark uses location sharing in a new and convenient way to connect to the locations and events around you.
LAntiStress is unique app to reduce stress with positive animation for Child&Family health care: exercise, healthy habits & relaxation.
A web app to design, play, and share your own 80's-style computer games. It's made - we just need money for server space!
The mobile app that helps you & your friends find new things to do, based on the things you love to do. Never run out of ideas again
Helps with all the things students struggle with. Stay organised, create exam revision, assignment help and improve your productivity.
Help fund the growth of Bio Body Coach, a health & fitness app that has every feature you need to organise your healthy lifestyle
epicast es la mejor forma de descubrir y escuchar música. Incluye playlists para cada ocasión y decenas de miles de estaciones de radio
Ever been in the mood to party, but you’ve nowhere to go? This app lets you search your vicinity for a party, or create your own.
Join us in creating the PlantSnap mobile app! Snap a photo of a plant, flower, or tree, and PlantSnap tells you what it is!
DairyTech is an app for mobile devices that helps dairy owners manage their herds and operations, a $6 billion industry in CA in 2015.
Habeas, Here to remind you that the power is in your hands.
#findthemsales!
Study-Buddie is a new way to help students find study partners on their college campus. www.Study-Buddie.com
What if the nice girls, always end up with the nice guys? Epic Catch is going to make this happen.  Join now!
Order your Coffee and drinks on the go using this exciting app.
The most the most interesting things around you! Now you can see it all in your pocket. See, share, and show yourself!
An all-in-one, voice controlled fitness app allowing fitness enthusiasts to focus on the important things in life!
Mongo, the ULTIMATE experience is pioneering the new generation of mobile social nedia with a BANG! INVOLVE yourself! (IOS/ANDROID)
The TyphonRT Video Suite brings next-gen video to Android. The marquee app features creative video capture and effects composition.
Mayday Alerts keep you safe by alerting the police when you are in danger and sending your location info to your loved ones.
Create an App that will scan a users Pinterst, Facebook, or Amazon account for recent likes and suggest gift ideas prior to their bday
This web application could help small business salon owner to manage all transaction, expense, and contractor paid.
Wobal helps people connect. Share your ideas or projects in your profile and find people who have the competence you are searching for.
Increase your available storage space up to 10x by compressing photos on your mobile device. Download the originals from the website.
An utter rival to Shazam. Black Adam will allow you to snap a pic of an actor and instantly search for his name and filmography.
Own a Windows Phonet? Do you love social online games? Then let me introduce BetaLife, the soon to be new online social game...
Help us help the world be a better, healthier, better smelling place.
Smoking. Its dirty. It stinks. Maybe this is what it will take.
EasyMarket is an App helping people connect to their neighborhood stores to request deliveries to save time and enhance their life.
See where your friends are, what they're doing, who they're with, how to get there, and how long they're there. Simply, Roote it!
I want to make an app that teaches kids how to read Hebrew and code the ability for iOS to say a Hebrew word aloud
An app to visualize the movements of Game of Thrones characters on the map, with lots of extra information. Made by fans for fans.
"Walks" a new way to enjoy outdoors activities, trips and more!
Private.Center - the Private Social Network is a free, innovative application created as an alternative to existing social networks.
A companion app for the Pathfinder Adventure Card Game series that allows you to save your characters progress. Let us make it better!
The easy way to be present for story time anytime, wherever you are. Children's video & audiobooks - told by you.
A revolutionary App that makes getting fit as easy and efficient like never before! Whoever you are! Wherever you are!
We all love fatbooth and Ugly booth, why not see how you look as a three toed sloth? 10 million downloads prove people love to be goofy
Production android app for cab drivers and truckers.
We recently launched version 1 of our unique travel app on iTunes. Next up is to get it on Android plus social, video, and lots more.
The Yelp for hotel gyms & hotel fitness centers around the world. A new healthy & exciting way to search and book your next hotel stay
Massively Multiplayer Online Educational Game (MMOEG) improving testing scores and willingness to learn where peers are most critical.
In una unica App gestisci il tuo lavoro e il tempo libero, aiuta e fatti aiutare a  realizzare i tuoi desideri  e a guadagnare di più
"It's Not Just an App, It's a Lifestyle"
The events app that will change the way you do weekends.
App mall with an App store management tool for local businesses worldwide and a FREE chat, call, taxi and country information service
iPhone/Android restaurant digital menu app with 6 language translations for 10 Fisherman's Wharf Restaurants in San Francisco
Our project is to launch a free space themed side scrolling shoot-em-up game into the Android Marketplace by February 28th, 2015.
Finally a way to fill out checklist forms on your iPhone, iPad or Droid device and automatically check for recalls.
Access to Video Therapy + Mood Tracking + Therapist Searching + Social Support... all in your pajamas.
React is a simple iOS app made with one goal in mind. To revolutionize the way we race. Never deal with an unfair countdown again!
Join us creating the most mouth-watering app ! The new app that helps you find restaurant by showing you only what matters : FOOD
Fancy eating out? Search worldwide from over 40,000 restaurants.
Fancy eating in? Search our recipe database for your perfect dish.
BikeNet is a community-based app that empowers you to fight bike theft through your phone
An artistic live wallpaper for Android devices that changes colour accroding to the time of the day.
A social app to inspire others by sharing pictures and videos.
Imagine a way to watch movies & tv shows at the same time with your family and friends no matter where they are in the world.
Wimbify (Welcome in my Back Yard) is a Social Travel Sharing
mobile app (based on the share economy philosophy) for LGBT
travellers.
Being able to choose the sports news that YOU want to read. You choose which teams & leagues you want to get the latest news for!
AimlessBot is a highly customizable chat bot that you can set up to help manage your Twitch channel and also have a lot of fun.
Our app is a new tool for anyone who ever searched during long hours after a night shop and didn't found anything on Google Maps.
Does anyone really know their rights? I want to create an app that explains citizens rights in every situation. Dedicated to Ferguson.
FitPhant is the first social network for active individuals looking to connect with and motivate friends to exercise.
Crypt Crew customized private secure communications apps that are free from prying eyes. All in which you hold all the keys.
The most advanced inventory system
From the creator of Croc : Legend Of the Gobbos. Story Box is a fully interactive 3D experience engine for kids and their grown ups.
Dating for Gamers! We set people up to go on game dates with each other. No profile pics, just avatars and games you like.
Paw-C is a social app that allows pets and their owners to properly socialize with the world around them.
Tired of losing your smartphone? This new app will help you prevent that.
Ely™ is a Must-Have for Every Parent, Grandparent, Nanny, and Childcare Professional. Safety Recall Alerts plus 7 Bonus Safety Features
Introducing Freya, the ultimate circular ovulation calendar for women.
Ummah.Events is an app that simply gives you the upcoming Islamic events happening around you. A platform for all Islamic events
The SocialPing  mobile app connects you with platonic friends and mentors. Search, connect and book in the same app.
Whodunnit is an amazingly fun iPhone App that takes all the work out of hosting and participate in a murder mystery!
Revolutionary Mobile App for #hyting Your lifestyle and passions as real-life global ranked gameplay with millions of other people!
Encryption for the pictures you don't want to share, protected by more than just a password.
A proficiency in spotting bullshit is what the internet needs to realise its potential. See through propaganda with an app course.
An app with seven easy-to-use functions, which help carers at work, living away or on holidays stay connected with those they care for.
App with a small attachable monitor will quickly be able to measure the level of certain chemicals in your blood stream.
Keep your texts private, no notifications, text content is stored in a secret double password protected folder in your smartphone.
I am trying to raise money for a computer to do Android App/Game and PC Game development on.
Imagine, making a DEAL 4...Anything!
WHerever, WHenever, WHatever. 
STuff4STuff,STuff4SErvice,SErvice4STuff,SErvice4SErvice.
Imagine
The Mobile Emergency Response Plans puts important School Safety and Security information in the hands of School Employers.
We seek to develop a mobile app, giving users the ability to book/pay for dependable, mature domestic help via that tool.
A simple crash course on building iPhone & Android apps using only HTML & CSS. Ultimate resource for both beginners and professionals.
Market is the perfect stock market app for iPhone with real-time data, beautiful UI and design, a Today Widget, and an WATCH App
Sircle is the first modern classifieds platform, which should have been here years ago; safe, secure, sexy, social, and all shopping.
Graffiti in cyber space. Get the graffiti off the walls and into a virtual reality where it can be seen by anyone around the world.
A royally crazy app with rules and fun tally sheet for holding court and playing RUMMY with friends and family!
STREEFI Music-Streaming  4K Virtual Reality
150 million songs & Music- Video 
1,99€ - 2,10$
Looking to push my app into overdrive with Kickstarter. I need your help to get my app out there. Pocketglobe can help save lives.
SyncIn is an app based system that directly transmits and synchronizes live music to fan generated videos of any show.
GymCloud is developing applications for users to track workout performance in real time under the guidance of a fitness professional.
Imagine not having to look at tons of information when you need to just plug in just the cancer and the age. An interactive resource!
SmartFam is the social network for families.
We want to defeat Kindle, Nook, Adobe and any other eReader at their own game.  YOU can help big time!
This app relates to concert lovers. Local and renowned acts. You can share pictures, preserve memories, buy music and concert tix
Venue is a social networking app for iOS. It combines a social network, an innovative messenger as well as a feature rich photo editor.
Crowdsource your event's photo gallery quickly & easily straight from guest's text messaged photos
Grüt: a digital application that helps kids taking care of their plants!
Connect to favorite local food directly with live app updates on what is currently on/off the menu along with where to find local eats.
This app is designed to help make the restaurant industry more efficient and the dining experience more pleasurable.
This project was started to raise money for expensive field mapping of snowmobiles. Funds will go towards travel and hotel costs.
Redesign the iPhoto App to show your photo on a better timeline and map.
This app will help Seniors and their family play games that are interactive with each other.
Free stock market ratings and investment risk analysis for virtually every stock, ETF, mutual fund, and bond worldwide
Explore notes, intervals, scales and chords with fully interactive instruments like a piano, guitar / bass and a playable staff!
THE CIRCULARTEXT Application is a platform for text to become active and bring a futuristic styling to the online text we see today
Hole In One is an app that allow golfers to order food and beverage from a mobile device to a course clubhouse with out stop playing.
Higgy is your real personal travel advisor, assisting you with any and all travel requests, on the go, in the moment, always there...
Slack's macOS app is ugly and slow. Help me build an alternative app for you that is beautiful and fast!
A social sharing app dedicated to global events and parties.
Support the premier utility, community and marketplace app for the photography and film industries.
STEF, your live shopping assistent. Need purple shoes? STEF it!                    
Need a special bottle opener? STEF it!
A simplified way to save money using NFC technology. No more membership cards, coupons, or arbitrary stipulations
Send messages end-to-end encrypted with a well known technology to everyone using your own infrastructure. No need to trust others.
No matter what you feel, there is always a G. for you. Choose your style, send a G.
How many words can you warp in 30 seconds? Can you get from Goat to Vent in 8 transitions? Find out in Warp the Word!
Need funding for an app that helps locate lost dogs. It would include search engine of location where lost, what kind, and contact info
Newsworthy.io is a news reader app that is intelligently curated by the thought leaders you follow.
You have ideas. I have tools. Let me teach you how to turn your iPhone App ideas into reality.
An all in one mobile app that gives you the tools and knowledge you need to keep you protected physically and mentally anywhere
Nurse 'n swap is a day care 3.0, new generation, which fits perfectly with your way of life and your budget and a new experience
Step-by-Step Voice Activated Audio and Video Instruction Platform for Just About Anything - Make Money From What You Know!
Recognizr is a social networking app, allowing people to share their accomplishments and goals with the world.
Everybody loses something.  We believe what is lost shouldn't be gone forever.
This is the first video editor that is trully created for everyone. It is simple to use yet very powerful.
Let's band together and put an end to Dangerous Drivers. We can make a difference and with your help via Kickstarter we will.
Eventurapp est une application qui vous permet de trouver facilement des évenements autour de votre position.

https://eventurapp.com
Hey do you love music? If so then this app is perfect for you. Groupie allows you to follow bands and get updates on their activity.
The perfect stock market app with ultra-simple UI, beautiful design, and real-time price updates!
The SuperUser in your Pocket! C.A.R.L. assists Medical Professionals with navigating their organizations electronic health record (EHR)
Do: the future of messaging!
Created an app that helps you never get a parking ticket again. Your location queries database and puts parking info on phone screen.
HIPAA Secure Social Network designed specifically for the Autism Community with integrated care management by National Autism Network.
ecojotCONNECT is the free app that easily digitizes your handwritten notes when using app ready stationery. Be smarter, think on paper.
Find events around you? Look for a tennis partner? Invite your friends for a party? Tell about your garage sale to people? I'm IN
EavesDrop will create a different way for University Students to listen to their courses reading list on a mobile application.
A fully interactive health & fitness social network. Increasing inspiration and motivation, helping people get healthy, stay healthy!
Track, Log, Train, Measure & Improve TRAINING w/ Shooter's Aid Elite mobile app tool for ISSF Sport Shooters! Your Training Partner
Connecting Total Strangers. Yes, that's right, strangers. But don't freak out, this is social networking next level.
A fun, fashion-based 'Lookbook' iOS photo booth app for the LGBTQ community. Securely sharing diverse new looks. Snap fabulous!
There are lots of Bible study apps, but not for the visually impaired.  I want to build an audio-based bible study app.
"The app for car enthusiasts." LuXuper = Luxury + Performance.
Showcase what you bought to the world!
Make 2017 the year you write. Prolifiko is a digital productivity coach to help you start and stick at any writing project.
An app designed to help parents not to leave their children behind in the car
App mobile proposant des houseparties accessibles après le paiement d'une cotisation relative aux frais d'organisation.
I like to create an app for hobby carpenters. And others that would like to try. To make carpentry simple for everybody.
Wing Chick helps women safely connect with other women of all ages in order to be able to do more, see more, and have more fun!
Reaction Timer is a simple and addictive app that has been downloaded thousands of times world wide.
This app will combine user input with numerous platforms and other user input to help people plan the shortest working day.
An app to create workout programs designed specifically for you. So you can achieve the physique you desire!
James Burke is renowned for his ability to find intriguing connections among ideas.  With this app, you too can think like James.
A 100 Day Pilates Challenge that will reward you in more ways than one!
With the UNO iPhone archery app archers around the world save millions of hours of bowsight setup time
This location based app will help you find like-minded people. Make friends anywhere/anytime. Get ConneXXted! Stay Connexted! HAVE FUN!
All the biz in one app. Make the Biz your #1 mobile app for all of your business searches.
The app for finding exercise buddies near you.  Walking, swimming, athletics, gym, personal training, sports, you name it!
We want to make styling easier than to go into the local clothes stores. With our app you can create your own style wherever you are.
Rediscover your environment with a map that displays the unique places around you, sortable by category and screened by top experts.
With just a phone number, you can locate the social media networks of your contacts & keep the info stored in your phone
Mobile food ordering app for takeout and delivery that works with any business, from the single food truck, to the national chain
View ebooks, digital text book, PDF or website, instantly create a bibliography in MLA, APA, AMA or Chicago format and then share it.
An easy way to gather people in your neighborhood to do an activity with.
frij is a new cooking app that asks you what you have on hand and then shows you recipes in which you have every ingredient required
Tree Club is a mobile application for social readers which allow users to create virtual and private book clubs among other things.
Our home motion sensor notifies you on your smartphone. You become your own alarm central.
Connecting prescreened sitter with sitter seeker in real time anywhere anytime
L'application qui lutte contre le gaspillage alimentaire et redynamise l'activité des commerces de proximité.
Revolutionary app for every occasion. Interactive use for recognising flowers, pets, cars, people and many more. Every user can add.
Faith Finder App allows users to objectively find,connect, and view reviews to ALL religious organizations on their journey in faith!
Kricket is a map-based, crowdsourcing network helping refugees find safety and resources through geotagged information.
Annecto is a networking app that allows you to Search & Connect with professionals at any Event, Up in the Air, or ANYWHERE!
Make carrying several cellphones a thing of the past! Sviper combines the power of cloud & gives you one handset, multiple smartphones!
Quadstring is a global platform that connects people who share the same interests etc and encourages them to do real life activities.
Drop a "hynt" about a topic at a moment in time to your area using either avoid or engage, 10 words and 10 seconds of video.
Make sure that all the memory you outsource to the web isn't lost. ‘404 error’ is your offline recollection of your online memories.
An app that will allow you to find real-time information of your favorite destinations like number of people there and operation status
We are a non profit whose mission is to build technology to help rescue orgs save more dogs and cats
Candit is a new app that lets a user collect all of the photos taken from smartphones in one place -- Imagine the possibilities!
Learn the Knots with the Virtual Sailor Apps !
We provide a comprehensive list of all daily specials & happy hours so that our consumer's dining information is at their fingertips
An app that aids the shopper in identifying different cuts of meat while providing recipes and best ways to prepare them.
Avaulte | Opening the world through original art.
We envision democracy as a part of everyday life. We work to empower your voice in a fun, fast and legally binding way. Here’s How:
At Let’s Grow Buddy, it is our mission to become the Angie’s List of the medical and recreational marijuana industry.
Never has there been a way to search visually for a website, VizySearch is building the open source database of website cover images
The app that will be your mobile home for Politics. Follow the News, Legislation, and Politicians that directly affect your life.
We match people who would like to be on a boat, with people who are willing to share their boat.
As a group of four German students we recently developed a Promotion Platform for musicians. It's like Tinder & Instagram for music.
Game that helps children learn letters, words, sounds and shapes. Simple and easy gameplay, that makes children want to learn more.
An app for visualizing and realizing your dreams and for sharing cosmic greetings with friends and loved ones for any occasion.
Pickter Scale is a mobile phone app which allows you to rate, and be rated out of 10 (on the Pickter Scale) how attractive you are.
YouCode is a modernized law library app that provides access to legal resources aiding in knowledge of individual rights, plus more!
Our app will allow users to easily search & share HD Sports related action cam videos. Our app will import from GoPro & Sony Action Cam
We are changing the way you read on screens—making it enjoyable!
Engage with the Bible, in print type quality, on your mobile device
NFC-enabled app that allows remote business professionals to meet quickly based on skills and needs to increase productivity.
TopCoffeeSpot - a FREE app to help you discover & share your best coffee spots - tailor your search by Roaster, WiFi, Food, & more
Date Night Bunny- An app to have more date nights by swapping babysitting time with others in your network.  No sitter?  No problem.
We're creating a sacred place for entrepreneurs, non-profits, intuitive healers, and creative dreamers to unite a movement of love.
Live Match is a Sports Social Media Network that is available worldwide online the fans will be able to narrate live games in real time
An iPhone/iPad app allowing you to put all your Social Media feeds on one page, with live updates and quick looks at a profile.
This 1st project by TeachAR is to create an app for teachers &
parents to make learning Phonics letters, sounds & actions more
engaging
Drivers need a sustainable Distracted Driving solution for how we use our smartphones and our new “Connected Car Systems” – today.
eSports Practice Mobile App helps coaches run their sports practice more efficient & effective with their smartphone.
The "Uber" of Car Mainenace & Repair!
The best things in life always happen offline -- let's keep it that way! We believe online is only a tool for offline living.
Help an Indie developer deploy his first successful iOS game. Stay connected with your friends via Game Center and just have fun!
How do you know that if you film a Police Officer or criminal breaking the law, that it wont be deleted? Heres how..Citizens Arrest App
Our beacon technology delivers information in proximity to the App user, allowing them to navigate any environment or object in it.
Pin Augmented Reality (AR) Virtual Pinboards anywhere you want in the real world.Interact with them using smartphones and smartglasses.
Selfie is a new creative Social Network with the Safest environment for sharing your pictures and messaging
Ride sharing App that provides a transportation services with new different strategies. that helps our community and our society.
FaceBook for amateur anglers around the world.
Jiddr is a place on your smartphone where kids can go to get help. Its like radio, except everyone can talk about their issues too.
Support an app where you can vote on current issues and see what candidates YOU are most compatible with! Show Washington what WE want!
Decide issues you care about in your city, county and state - your opinion goes right to your official.
Make mobile apps without any program skills for Android, Iphone and Kindle fire.
FItPotato is a motivation app that will pay you every time you workout! Change the way you workout and get off the couch with FitPotato
It's no secret that Formdaddy is the only app that can cache your data to instantly fill out any form or application anytime anywhere.
An app to create a temporary transponder to pay the tolls for a rental car or any vehicle you might be driving on a toll road.
PairedPoint uses the brevity of time to help establish connections between people who have recently had visual contact with each other.
A digital platform that allows couples to find a wedding photographers and stylist as well suited for them as they are for each other!
Defeat a totalitarian system that has reduced humanity to a lethargic state by accomplishing your goals in real life.
Teachable is an application for assessing and evaluating students using mobile technology. No report cards, just digital evidence.
I made an educational refernce app for teachers/parents, but would like to update aspects of the design to make it more user friendly.
To develop an effective heat loss calculator, that incorporates fluctuating temperature & insulation R values to help reduce fuel use
The first basketball training app that combines professional NBA coaching with analytics to help coaches and players improve.
PixelBooks is an online social media that helps small businesses present their work in an inspirational and simple way.
Eeto is a simple, powerful iOS timeline app that helps you visualize important milestones. It's FREE for all backers! AND a Koozie!
KC - keep connected - bleib verbunden
Social Sports app with visual updates in real time, game topic chat rooms & feed, and tailored profiles for every degree of basketball
Turn your goals into reality with a method that actually works. Let CapAGoal guide you to the best results you've ever achieved.
A community-driven co-operative game where people unlock achievements by completing real-world tasks.
MuscleME is a new Fitness concept APP, a personal trainer that goes beyond ensuring you achieve your goals on time.
Facial and voice mobile verifier through biometrics fusion and using cameras and microphones from smartphones.
KicksExchange is a sneaker community app that allows sneakerheads to buy, sell, and trade kicks safe and securely.
Lokal, effizient, intuitiv - nach diesen Prinzipien kannst du auf unserer Plattform Werkzeuge mit deiner Nachbarschaft "sharen"
A revolutionary new app that sends you instant alerts when your vehicle will be ticketed, towed, has been in an accident, and more!
The Range2Green Golf app enables all golfers, regardless of handicap, to bring their "Range Performance" to the golf course.
We are creating a Real-Time nightlife app. Our free app allows users to see where the liveliest venues and events are.
Coaching in Fashion, Fitness, Interior Design, Relationships, and Goal Attainment. Because your whole life matters.
In this book you will find out everything about the original iPhone. It includes a 3D model and an interactive version of iPhone OS 1.
Work Incheck!
A new way to monitor the actual time worked for both entrepreneurs and individuals.
We want to create a new sci-fy game for Android
An amazing app that enables adults with Autism Spectrum Disorder to recognise facial expressions successfully in everyday life.
Pop Ups is a mobile application that allows anyone to locate and check-in deals for non-brick and mortar and traditional businesses.
Two-way map sharing with friends & family. Base Tagger lets you tag your location, then keep or share with friends.
QuikMobi.com gives small businesses a cost effective native iPhone and Android App that is fully customizable with no coding experience
This is an app for children, new Muslims & anyone looking to maximize the blessings they earn every day in their journey through life.
Lucarne, l'application révolutionnaire pour "streamer" votre écran de smartphone en live ! ( Videos, Photos, Jeux, App, Musique...)
TreadGPS is the ultimate app for hunters and fishermen. With technology not currently available, it provides real time data, location,
Free mobile app for preserving your most cherished memories by creating full-featured photobooks while on-the-go.
An iOS app for all Iranians & Persian speakers behind the walls to have freedom to access Radio Geek podcast series for free, offline.
KickDish is the first meal- and grocery planner which combines convenience with price-comparing online grocers
A contemporary one of a kind app that allows clubs & bars from any city to connect, promote & sell to local students in any area.
Nursing school should be FUN! NCLEX prep game for mobile devices to help nursing students have fun while they learn.
Because the way to anyone's heart is through their stomach...find your next date (and your next plate) with mbora!
A dermatology app that generates paragraph histories of users' lesions after they complete a simple, visual algorithm.
#PlenoCiudadano es la plataforma digital que empodera al ciudadano, otorgándoles un canal de vinculación con sus representantes.
Level helps you commit to your goal every day and take a step towards personal fulfillment.  One goal, two reminders, every day.
Zahnk is changing the way consumers find their next favorite spot, by giving real-time, smartphone access to deals in their area.
Teach your kids how to manage their money through real life experience. Dotsy transforms every day chores into a money game for kids.
Innovative fashion social network. Explore, post, compete, rank and share great outfits with your friends.
Quikceipt! is a cloud based paperless receipt software application made to help stop paper waste and improve retail efficiency.
What would happen if people from all over the world got together to make an app? Five designers are about to find out.
Midem 2014 finalist Muzieo connects you with your favorite artist and your friends from your smartphone. Connect & Discover @ Muzieo.
A transport app for long haul transactions.  Allows people to ship items or people over long distances at a discounted cost.
Eliminate Your Moving Worries with Maneuver Buddy! Join us on Kickstarter – and get the app that makes moving easy!
My wife and I are expecting a boy. One day this idea just hit
 me, I want to have an app that is for babies and their parents.
askwhich1 is a crowd-sourced decision making social platform that’s a little like a fusion of Instagram and SurveyMonkey.
New News app's mission is to assist you when you are forming your opinions on contemporary controversial issues.
App4ACause uses the power of Real-Time Push Notification and Real-Time Update technology to help you engage with Social Causes!
Teach Reach is a free to download, free to use, smartphone virtual classroom application, where anyone can become a teacher.
Free simple to use App for people to be able to post side work or look for side work in their area to earn extra money.
Vacation Envy is a fun, fast and beautiful way to capture & share your travel experiences with family, friends, and fellow travelers.
TweetDelay is a clean and simple app that provides you the best Tweets about your favorite TV show when you watch it on demand.
Turn your photos into REAL emoticons!!!!
Con PierdoyEncuentro ten tus objetos controlados
Con nuestro dispositivo BLE y al app móvil sabrás donde están en todo momento.
The ultimate fitness app for women that lets you choose your perfect plan, workout offline and track your progress.
At Gig Bridge, we connect people and venues with Dj's, musicians, dancers, MC's and any form of entertainers for your party needs.
TPT is a Web and Mobile application that helps users to find their  path using the public transport in Tunisia
Your own wine bot - learning your taste over time. Get a personalized and unique wine recommendation in the aisle on Facebook.
Search, follow and chat with people who own the same car or the one of your dreams. Build a following around you and your car.
100% accurate weather app that gives you exact temperatures from your exact location. Simply click scan to get Mi Temp.
Check in with Phfeast when you dine out and our restaurants pledge to invite families in need to dine for free.
An app that sheds light on senators and representatives true motivations by aggregating the peoples vote vs external pressures.
Red-light running is the leading cause of urban crashes!.Flow app inform drivers with the remaining time of the current traffic light.
You won't beLEAF this!  An app that translates what trees are saying. Donate $1 and tell us what to make trees say in the app!
A music video platform for independent artists. An awesome tool for consumers to discover new music. (made by an 18 year old!)
Iphone app will make shopping for food, preparation, budget goals and diet a snap! It will create efficiency for time conscious people.
Infrared (Night Vision) + Motion Sensor of the baby/child using your Xbox One game console.
Logbook App uses GPS to make vehicle mileage claims quick, easy & sexy. Help us pester the Aussies and reach for global domination.
Troop Invaders is an epic sci-fi strategy game that will be launched soon in the Android and Apple App Store.
Red Button is an iOS app. We need your support to build and test iPad Versions of the app with enhanced features!
SpiderPig is a new Real-Time GPS Messenger. This app let's your contactlist come alive on your smartphone. We do not sell your data.
Do you have videos on your smartphone or tablet? Make the coolest (Augmented Reality) Videogifts with this cooler than cool App!
We are a prayer delivery service that enables people across the world to send prayers to multiple holy sites in Jerusalem, Israel.
Have you ever wondered what stores are open right now that are close to you then?This app is for you! whether its 2AM or 2 PM find out!
IPAYD est une application qui permet aux passagers de se déplacer en taxi, voiture privée et covoiturage en fixant leur propres tarifs.
If Apple maps, Instagram, and Snapchat had a baby, it'd be Anchor.  Anchor lets you record 10 sec looping vids to a time and location!
My Ride offers superior rideshare or taxi cab alternative services from your mobile phone at unbeatable prices.
it is a social media app for travelling people to connect to each other, share and update each other in what they have planed
Rhomda makes easier protect your home with the help of your neighbours
We are a social network allowing people to speak out and seek advice surrounding issues they are going through, we can help!
Offer a coffee/food/bar run to your friends & colleagues!
Fun and cute game that will make you love cats. Fun for kids and challenging for everybody. Jump and grab the yarn, but beware of dogs.
The first app to bring real-time lessons with professional athletes to your finger tips, anywhere, anytime.
The most powerful, versatile, and customisable cross-platform twitter client.
The app that fixes you up, on the go.
Resolving the extremism and radicalization with an app that gives platform for discuss and freedom of speech to the moderate majority.
A communication/productivity app for Live Entertainment.
The JaHs mobile app will unite Jamaicans in the Diaspora committed to enacting change through innovation and global citizenship.
Le premier réseau social exclusivement dédié à la pêche !
Partage de multimédias, de techniques, de spots.
MAP intuitive intégrée.
My daughter and I want to create an app that will help other kids with their cochlear implant rehab.  Something fun to help them hear!
GameBox is an innovative gaming application, that follows a social-media like format, enabling players to connect on a whole new level.
Take the fear out of car shopping & confidently buy & sell  with a smartphone or tablet with the buyago-app
LOV is a dating app that uses your social activity to match you based on personality without all the questions.
QBoard provides a customizable keyboard that enables high-speed typing on mobile devices like smartphones.
Users are connected with their friends and favorites to discovering the best activities and events proposed by profile companies.
FitNet is an app designed to find and connect you with your local fitness network based on shared interest and fitness levels.
With the GAD App you can duplicate an exact design or custom stripe with precision on any vehicle from your phone
Have a Light Saber battle on your phone with your friends and be a Jedi through the Galactic empire.
ParaPerks is a mobile application that will allow users with mobility impairments information on the accessibility of a venue/location.
ZZipit is a mobile app design to allow users to take photos or write comments on events that's associated to a particular zip code.
Can't make up your mind today? After typing in info of your look of the day, this app will help you makeup your face/hair.
Shaicle is a social community app that allows you to look up your friends in the vicinity and ask them to hitch a ride together.
Zicher es el proyecto online que busca reactivar la economía mexicana a través de los pequeños y medianos negocios mediante una app.
Free app urging people to moan about anything and everything; the idea is that moans will build up into e-books that can be downloaded.
Appercise is a healthy habits fitness reminder app, get small alerts at preset times to do short physical, mental, emotional exercises
A multi-platform tracking app that lets you share your location with friends. We need your help to make this project a reality.
Change the way you enjoy music with friends. Connect phones using bluetooth through this app and use your friends phones as speakers!
This is a "proof-of-concept" investigation to determine whether "big data" and predictive analytics can model a specific individual.
Explorers Map is an Android App that uses Google Maps and the ability to mark locations, save text, and links to the web.
App streaming live concerts via iPhone,iPad and Android devices. Never miss your favorite artist perform live again.
Free App 4 people that want to #CarPool or #RideShare a fun roadtrip & save a bit of gas money in the process.Raising $ for IOS version
Control the cloned virtual minds of a million real people around the world. Dominate with your thoughts.
WE SEEK SURF is soon to be Australia's best surf forecasting app with a few extra UNIQUE features to really stand out from the crowd!
Selfify Events is the ultimate selfie organizer! Create, organize, and share your event selfie photo albums with family and friends.
Connect your License Plate to your phone to receive alerts from door dings, lights on, tire low, etc.
Subscription-based transportation service
Project to extend multilingual semantic phone number search engine: Win/Web app that finds semantic matches like: 639-9675 > NEW YORK
An interactive skier’s app. GPS of where you and your friends are on the resort map slopes with direct chat and location coordination.
Staying in touch with legislative government and news.  While sharing, keeping in touch with your news sources, and political shows.
Guaranteeing the best happy hour specials to all registered users. Happy Hour. Done Right.
Prepp is a free mobile app that connects students with other student-tutors at their university who excelled in the same exact course!
Identify the species of fish you caught by taking picture with  smartphone.  Retrieves size and bag limit information where you're at.
Woven is an app that helps you find LGBT friendly services and businesses (from lawyers to caterers) based on your location.
A new app to find and meet new friends in your area! GPS, Facebook, Parascope integrated and more! Not a dating app, a friend app!
Drama Llama is the newest, most fun way to express your mood via social media by becoming the coolest animal on the planet: a llama.
RICS App, a new communication system to help those with special needs communicate by utilizing real images that can speak for them.
The era of mobile is here. 
The new mobile way to screen capture is here : StitchMS
CleanSwipe is a mobile platform that provides users an easy way to schedule laundry appointments on college campuses.
App to learn languages through your favorite music from phones, tablets or computers
Join us in putting an end to violence everywhere!
The BC Pre-vis program allows Breast Cancer patients to experience the transformation of their body prior to surgery.
Trouble trying to decide what to eat?
Discover, decide & take a pic of your favorite foods to share with the Crave App community.
Unique, gaming way (with navigation and scores) of learning words of other languages, creating and exploring user generated word space.
Phone App to help find the best bar, restaurant, and package liquor  specials near you.
Chippye - An app that makes it all easy to get it done. Want something done - just Chippye It!!! Find right help you need quick & easy.
An intimate, secure and engaging family social app for geo tracking, short messaging and location discovery between only two people.
NOWWHERE is an exclusive iOS app providing restaurant recommendations by the most influential and inspiring creatives worldwide.
Tilt is a fun way to create polls for items and rank the items based on their votes. Items can be things like Pepsi, Cola, Miley Cyrus.
My partner and I have created a mobile game app for Apple and Android (& more) that is fun, addicting, and difficult but easy to play!
An app to enable mothers to keep a day to day diary of their pregnancy ending up with the ability to have a beautifully printed diary
This iOS and Android application will provide companies with a snapshot of their data breach readiness levels.
ArtBrowser is a global marketplace for art lovers to discover artworks by a selection of independent artists and galleries
"Where's my Drink" is an app that will provide users with a simplified way of locating the best happy hours based on location and price
Moon Wave Music is not just a music platform... It is the future of the music industry.
Most immersive Nativity scene in augmented reality. 

Share this live experience with your friends and family !
Latch allows users to live and relive their Appalachian Trail experiences through capturing, collecting & sharing a tapestry of moments
Repurpose your unused smartphone and turn it into a high-tech security Guardian you can control remotely using your new smartphone.
Optio Fuel: easy-to-install wireless fuel sensor that communicates real time fuel flow, consumption & range information via mobile app.
Yellopost, a social media management site for individuals to post text,image/video to multiple social media sites at the same time
Croc2Pop™ is a crocodile-themed app that let's children send messages (crocs) to dad (pop) when he's been in his digital world too long
Are you a Personal Trainer? Is your schedule challenged by commute and idle times? sculpIT is the platform to match and connect you.
Capture Hunt is going to be an iOS and Android app that lets you explore beautiful views around you.
Ever wanted to form a habit, but found it to be harder than you had expected? Well, 66 Days is here to help you every step of the way.
Privacy Legion is a secure texting service that allows users to communicate safely & cost-effectively. www.cdss-llc.com
Check the bars and clubs before you leave the house no more googling or reading reviews watch what people post all in real time.
A fitness app that helps you connect with people in your area to reach fitness goals.
Hunters only no gossip here
The app allows users to remember every blooper their children say with the option to snap a photo of the child doing something funny.
AXS Map Mapathons is a crowdsourcing tool that allows users to blitz their neighborhoods or cities to document accessibility!
A social platform catered to cooking experiences.  Will be creating apps that allow every age group to easily participate.
DSNY Digest brings together news sources on all things Disney from Disneyland, to Pixar to a Galaxy Far, Far Away!!!
ListCup is an app about coffee. Through ListCup, we promote coffee culture and encourage everyone to share their coffee diaries.
Kindred is the app that will change the way YOU meet new Mama friends. Help bring Kindred to Mamas EVERYWHERE.
Sports Stream is a premier sports live streaming platform that provides users with a more affordable option to watching HD sports.
VocaSteps is a Unique English Pronunciation and Vocabulary App for ESL Readers; it's also a Learning Model for Other Languages.
Pick Up Games Locator - Amateur Sports Hub.
Scan barcoded item, list them & enjoy them. Add friends, compare and share. Never duplicate items again!
Bible Pages is the world's first Bible App to be powered by dynamic visualizations & analytics using the capabilities of Data Science.
Exciting fitness app that allows you to scan the QR code on any piece of gym equipment and learn how to use it safely and effectively
No excuses anymore, you can always conduct your quality training everywhere by using this award winning innovation
Join us in creating SNOOTIK! Connect with your vet and gain access to your PETS Electronic Health Records. All in ONE mobile app.
Argus live streams video via network cameras from bars and night clubs all across Tampa Bay FL, onto a mobile app.
It's all about Our kids, so let's make this Christmas full of gifts, apps and magic games for their joy & education. Happy Xmas!
We want to make a deep, full, and rich experience, designed and developed to teach everyone how to build iOS Applications for profit.
Discount My Way, an interactive technology that allows shoppers to utilize their smart phones to create their own instant discounts
An app for your Pebble, Android, Samsung, or Apple Watch that displays upcoming public transit departure times from the nearest stops
This app will allow anyone to limit how much time one can spend on any form of social media per day. Parents can set finally set limits
To find and track missing loved ones, enabling healthcare workers, 911 operators, babysitters, stay awake and alert while on duty,
Remember that complex #^&*ing hard password you created?
No?
Lluna is here to solve that problem.
Change your life with the I Can Do It App! The worlds first, totally personalised Motivation & Affirmation system!
The easiest and most engaging way to connect with your friends. Hotograph is the social app made by YOU. The start of Hotographers.
Help developing a free app to learn English, French, German, Spanish, Italian, Chinese, Japanese, and Russian using language flashcards
Help fund the translation of our App into Spanish. In return for every £1 funded, we'll give you two Sotro in-app Credits.
If you haven't heard of it that is probably the best example of why we need funding. We want people to know we are.
Home design in VR is amazing! You see and "feel" the room! Today there is no such app available for HTC Vive VR headsets ... not yet!
Don't leave work and waste your time at the Super market, choose your meal and we'll have the ingredients waiting for you, pre paid.
Save money while Dining out with Restaro.com 
Save up to 50% on dining out. FIND - EAT - SAVE food restaurant saving app
StrackaLine is an revolutionary App for golfers.  The App will read the green and tell you where to hit your ball to make the putt.
No contribution is too small. Help better lives through supporting a free app that will improve user ability to reach help when needed.
I hope to create a Tech Training Center to teach young adults with disabilities how to create Apps & Websites at NO COST to them.
An education app to make learning happen everywhere with everything! Increasing the level of engagement for ALL ages.
Newbee is a social networking application that connects new people with similar interests together, based on location and age bracket.
Hi Guys,

I would like to raise some money to create an App to help parents  and emergency services know where you are.
By using the crowd as a witness .nooth is able to express if an information is likely to be true or not.
Bubble is new enjoyable way to communicate to your friends. Take your photo and record your message to send a 'Bubble' to your friends.
2econd Impression makes the job search for individuals with criminal records more productive and efficient.
The Last Seat is the app that makes accesible to all travelers the last available seats on any transport at affordable prices!
Build an amazing looking webpage on your iPhone or iPad without having to write a single line of code.
Iyudame automatically sends messages to new and existing contacts ranging from initial meetings to holiday, birthdays greetings & more
Creation of HabitForge iOS and Android apps, New Habit Squad Team Accountability Programs, and Text Messaging Options!
An app interactive reality show in which viewer directed sociological experiments dictate which social media celebrity should stay on.
Piccadealy Rewards is the first location based app that shows you the finest bars, restaurants and shops around YOU!
piccadealy.co.uk
SQWK - The Anonymous Social Media of Places. No userid or password. Say what you want about what you want and get it off your chest!
Livinlingo is a simplified and intuitive cultural breakthrough.  Learning a language can never be easier than with Livinlingo.
Your ultimate dog helper: manage vaccinations, schedule grooming,boarding,training,vet, do health tests, find good products & much more
What if you could control your children's smartdevice usage as well as reward them at the same time? Ettendant is that App!
Wilderbliss is a mobile app that allows you to find and share the exact location of seemingly “hidden” or “unreachable” destinations.
Bypass lines, choose events, exclusive offers, and VIP invites. We're creating an elite nightlife reward system. Be a part of the mix.
PocketCab is a mobile application similar to Uber that lets you request, track and pay for a cab from your own phone!
Friendly - The new and less awkward way of making new friends of both genders through nearby events.
MOOJ helps to discover your digital music collection in a new way by learning what you love to listen to, when and why. 
Join in!
The android driving app designed to reduce distractions caused by smart phones.
We believe in an open TV system. iTVmediaPlayer could be a great replacement to paid TV services, like Cable and Satellite. Support us.
RadTechPro is an existing iPhone app for radiologic (x-ray) technologists. This project is to develop the app for the Android platform.
Our mobile shopping platform lets you use your smartphone to shop in-store and buy stuff without having to queue to pay.
The Inspurt Alarm is an application designed to enhance productivity first thing in the morning.
The first bike mount that allows you to use your iPhone's GPS and video recording features simultaneously to document your journey.
The Love Labs is venturing out to create an app to help men in their dating life. The app will totally help change men's lives.
PACII is a combination of the most popular apps available today: Facebook, Instagram, Pinterest, Yelp, Craigslist, Yik-Yak, and more.
Assign benefits to your teamwork, to your family, to your friends. Reward them and get stuff done.
Don't Forget To Call - phone app that does more than remind you to make that important call, it makes the call for you! iPhone, Android
AN APP DEVELOPMENT PROGRAM MAKING IPHONE AND IPAD
APPS FOR CHILDREN WITH LIFE THREATENING DISEASES FOR FREE AGES 3-14.
Voji is the first app that allows you to do it all.  Create, search, save, edit, overdub, message and share anything; videos, etc
Capturest will offer you a private space on your phone, where you control your moments and help you become a better storyteller.
Everyone knows an older adult whose life can be transformed through a connection. Who do you need to get connected?
Rumble will show you notification of eateries of YOUR choice of cuisines around YOU at meal time! Say Goodbye to onerous web searches!
Create an app that automatically sends out a gift for that special someone on their special day based on their interests
I want to solve the issue about "What are we eating". Is This HALAL? or Healty? Scan It and You know IT.We Use Bigdata& CLOUD,WorldWide
OCC Youth Unleashed is a non-profit created to increase youth engagement to help strengthen a Community Center’s place within the city.
We aim to expand your event’s potential and bring more people to experience it, maximizing your number of attendees.
For all the times when you shouldn't text, but need to.  Or if you want to schedule an event instantly...there's BuzzMe
To Socialise our newly released Story Bear creating an app and audio editing tools to help families create great stories for children.
FaceBook for amateur anglers around the world.
New App "Fishing Spot" is a Niche Social Media Platform for Fishing Enthusiasts
We now live by to-do lists, and refer to them dozens of times a day. Wouldn't it be nice to glance at your watch instead of your phone?
Searching for new sport friends, teams or events? Organizing teams or events? Join NOW Sport!
The GreenAdvisor app will empower consumers to pressure businesses and institutions to be greener and to reward those that already are.
Have a safe drive and arrive alive with the Safe Drive app.
Neuartige App die Reisenden beim Auswählen Ihres Urlaubsziel aufgrund von einstellbaren Kriterien hilft und diese gezielt zusammenführt
The world needs a simple LDAP browser that can run anywhere and doesn't require Java or 160MB download .... Python for the win :)
Capture critical, time sensitive information in an intuitive, simple way, using Meeting Mapper energize your for sales organization.
The first live face to face digital baseball training academy. With the comfort of mobility, at the convenience of your finger tips.
Sick of circling the block? Help us in building a community that will make parking worry-free and rewarding.
The ultimate free app for the fitness industry. Allowing communication, scheduling, and fitness programs between trainer and trainee.
HYNGE™ is the only VIP Member based On-Demand Concierge that locates nearby realtime curated experiences and spaces to Work.Eat.Play.
Een fotografie app vol nieuws, weetjes, tutorials en meer!
An app for photographers, loaded with tutorials, news and more!
A new marketplace for personalized 1-to-1 streaming video –  from live smartphone feeds to drone and VR / 360° daredevil experiences.
Busy (work)life; no time for unnecessary discussions. With help of this app, discussions will be more effective and efficient!
An app that lets roleplayers, wargamers and hobbyists create realtime, evolving soundscapes to enhance the experience of gaming.
Measure and check diopters in seconds with your smartphone, anywhere, anytime
An app to be created for Richard Montgomery High School to help marginalized students remove impediments to academic success.
No matter where you are in the World, ice cream will be delivered to you 24/7 within 10 minutes or less with the touch of a button!
I have had this holiday app with Davison in America ready to produce since May 2014, once this idea is off the ground I have many more.
Need a tennis partner? An extra girl for your softball team? Kinection lets you find people in your area to play sports with instantly.
Never show up to another court alone. Find out who will be there and when!
There's no better feeling than hearing the voice of a loved one. Busy schedules can make us 4 get about those moments! Solution is #KIT
Easymind is the ultimate Voting platform. Share your opinions with friends and discover opinions of the world about anything!
We are going to substitute printed flyers by affordable, responsive and GREEN! Great tool for small business owners' advertising
Sober Grid is a free iPhone/Android app. Find and connect with local sober people.
VognGo is a smartphone app that makes finding someone with a  Pick-up truck, easier & more convenient. Large items Delivered On-Demand.
This is the best, most intuitive drawing application for mobile and any touch screen devices. Point, Paint, Line, FTW!
Openwords is the foreign language learning app for the world's open language data - & the world's underserved languages.
Whats your favorite snack/drink? Want it in your machine? There's an app for that! Take control over all products in vending machines!
We have started development on a new math game designed to teach children basic math skills.  We need your help to launch it!
Fuze will not only coil together the leading social media platforms all in one app but it will revolutionize social media connectivity.
A mobile app that users can download that will help prevent the injury or deaths of young child left in vehicles.
DocuMe aims to be the biggest Cross-Platform Documentary directory. from iOS to Android to Web.
LAntiStress is unique app to reduce stress with positive animation for Family Home Fitness: exercises, healthy habits & relaxation.
Tiny Rod mounted technology with app for all who love to Fish. Record, reference, and share all things fishing in real time! FishFlare!
A mobile/PC application that harnesses the power of predictive analytics to improve your life and the lives of others.
I am designing a student based platform in which college student interact to create a safe and enriched campus ecosystem.
Our app makes it easy to have a better and safer road bike ride by connecting cyclists with escort vehicle drivers.
I am Registered Professional Nurse I am developing an App that can help save lives.A mobile digital medical triage at your finger tips
ORDENline, será una a aplicación que funcione dentro de un restaurant, la cual el cliente podrá observar el menú, las mesas, y más.
Six Foot Fish is a social fishing map, many features I am planning on adding. Developing this software for iOS and other platforms.
The Hottest new APP  is here - CABMAPS is an APP that enables drivers and riders to find one another for the sole purpose of a ride.
A revolutionary new app that fetches all posts from the Facebook Pages you Like. Now, we would like to bring it to Android as well.
WhatGift will help you to find the perfect gift for any occasion and whoever you are shopping for.
This application will be a thrilling open concept, ski/snowboard game with all the latest gear and tricks.
We are two young entrepreneurs looking to turn a mobile app company into a career while inspiring others to chase their dreams like us.
The App will search RX and OTC drugs for food allergens and compare them to your allergen profile alerting you to potential risks.
A motivational app that helps you feel like you are accomplishing things and working out everyday you use this app.
The most progressive reunion registry service available, providing a simple means for adoptees and birth parents to find one another.
Global Hiker is a platform that connects travelers with local guides for personalized introductions to cities.
A revolutionary app that allows typing, speech, email, and web browsing for those unable to use their voice and/or limbs.
Spresso Workflow is a software app designed to effortlessly manage the collaboration required for reviewing documents.
View live interactions with police. Rate officer performance, post comments, escalate streams. CopCritic reduces tensions & saves lives
A personal anonymous Blog app allowing anonymous sharing of moments, thoughts,images and questions for just 1 hour before they vanish.
Developing experience that delight users in the area of Mobile Dating - Including a highly scalable platform to support Fun Dating Apps
Learn to make iOS apps using Objective-C "AND" Swift. 
Learn from Mac OS, Windows or Linux both languages for iOS.
Teek is an intelligent messaging app that predicts your next sentence. The more you use it, the more intelligent it becomes.
A FREE app to revolutionize our republic by strengthening the accuracy of representation of The People within Congress.
An application for hosting weekly fishing competitions
A mobile application that rewards you and your families healthy eating habits by gamifying the foods you eat with intrinsic rewards.
An app for ios and android which allows you to record video from both front end and backend camera at the same time.
Kickstarter was created for this project. Contributors must promote this App to level the political playing field across the USA.
To provide an app with location & time schedules of when/where the free activities & shuttles for around Las Vegas + Guide Top 10 list
A universal API programming toolkit for developers to build apps quickly & connect to various cloud services using secure protocols.
Get your kids excited to learn and play music with fun, interactive and connected iPad practice tools!
An Educational eReader and Learning Analytics Engine for iOS and Android to Help Teachers & Students
Genom modern teknologi få Uddevallas historiska Centrum att blomstra igen och belöna människor som stödjer lokala företag.
All there is, was, and ever will be About Leonard Nimoy for all Mobile and PC devices.
Have you ever felt frustrated because you couldn't play the sport that you like? Guess what - you are not alone!
The first mobile application that ranks an individual’s personal weightlifting record among competing weightlifters! Masscastapp.com
To do list apps to record your activity and get the historical information
911 app is pushed on any Iphone, a text message with gps of your location is sent to family.  Simultaneously, 911 is dialed for help.
We want to boost local tourism and revenue for local businesses. Help us make the required upgrades for our social networking app
Flappy World is an online continuation of the Flappy Bird game. It currently has new upgrades but needs more! flappy-world.ca
FlexJam: Fans Vote – Bands Play!
Hands free automatic car place finder under iPhone and Apple Watch. Find place within 300 m (900 ft) and which were freed under 1 min.
VISION - is the ultimate tool for blind people. It allows them to read documents, get directions and describe objects. All in one app
Grupo de enfermeras y profesionales de la salud, comprometidos con el cuidado en el hogar de personas enfermas.
What are you a fan of? Come find other like-minded people and businesses on No1-fan.com!  Connect, create, celebrate your inner fan!
No posts, likes or comments. Just Meetups. We want to bring social  back to social. All your real friends within your REACH.
Future app where people can exchange things with each other.
Threat Battle is a cyber security app(roach) that shows you your  actual cyber threats and lets you battle them in a game.
Find 10 Minutes to Connect No Matter Where You Are
Ever wonder what it would be like to find jobs to apply for a lot easier? You can do it anywhere on your smartphone or tablet.
Order pick up from food trucks with the CrowdFood app. Find nearby trucks, order with ease, cashless payment.  Never wait in a line.
We want to grow our exciting iWonder® app by offering tourists an amazing augmented reality experience of Rome's Colosseum and Forum.
An app that lets you and your little ones create and be the HERO of a story. Now, you can make reading your nightly bonding adventure.
A unique platform connecting mindful locals: Wellness Enthusiasts + Mindful Businesses + Local Charities. Mutual Benefits. Global Reach
'elector' is a platform for all kinds of organizations and political parties, using mobile technology to interact with citizens
A lot of simple apps are outdated and cluttered.  I want to make a simple, clean deck of cards app for android and iPhone.
REFERENDUM APP&WEB
It intends to be an online platform where users can: create, share and vote legislative proposals.
An app that will enable travelers to avoid the cost and inconvenience of purchasing a local phone number.
An app for hikers and the like. Records where you are, what is the forecasted weather, and calls for help if you are hurt.
A Smartphone and Tablet keyboard app, allowing people to type in a reverse italics font to illustrate sarcasm within a message
Gather creates spontaneous pop up events and notifies users mere hours before they begin.
EatWell combines the effectiveness of your personal nutritionist with the convenience of your phone. It's time to eat well!
We want to help you find friend-recommended restaurants fast and easy!
Ignostech
By combining the awesomeness of reading & writing fiction with tech. The result is an app that's fun & you can earn some cash from it.
Roamy gives the traveler the advantage by making roaming charges a thing of the past.
A Website and application for arranging deliveries of your ecommerce purchases on your schedule
Mypinkpal.com is an issue tackling, clean and informative social network for Lesbians, Gays, Bisexuals, Transexuals (LGBTs) worldwide.
NightOut "An Interactive Experience On Your Nocturnal Senses
Mobile app where Lgbt people can find a travel companion or a travel guide, share an appartmen & live destination like a local.
A web application to help people train for long bike rides, built on an AI. Android app will be built after completion.
This app is intended to bring the entire football family together on a single social platform. The purpose is to quickly communicate.
BOS is a surprisingly entertaining  & informative social media app  with unexpected twists that would delight any dog lover.
Discover and capture geofenced coupons, invitations & messages.  Broadcast and receive location beacons.  Communicate without cellular.
The app once downloaded will enable the user to scan groceries, clothing or other items that contain a barcode.
Fed up with Sandbaggers in Bowling? So are we. Help eliminate them, bring back integrity, and create a level tournament playing field.
Our goal is to create 5 religious themed apps for iphone, ipad & Android devices that provide entertainment & education.
The world's first platform that matches travelers with home & shop owners, so that you can put down your luggage anytime, anywhere!
It's about time! An app that makes you the photographer of other people's selfies! (you know... coz 'self'ies suck!)
New, Unique, Entertaining Social App FIVER. Give your friends and family the support they need to accomplish their goals! FIVER!
Keeps you safe while traveling by showing you the safest route & automagically notifying your friends if something is wrong.
PixŌppia uses new personalization technology to help children with Autism & Social Disorders identify, express, and understand emotions
Time management and task management are made easy with this simple android app for increasing your productivity.
Ever sit around and wonder whats going on tonight or this weekend? One click will tell you what in your area...
A dating app for college students that will allow you to test the theory "does looks really matter" with an interesting twist!
Fetch is a new social networking app for gay, bi and curious men to come together to chat, network, develop friendships and...
A personal concierge on your mobile device to navigate, locate, experience, indulge and share the North Shore Hawai'i experience.
The SeeFood app is a visual menu for all your favorite restaurants, connecting customers and restaurants like never before.
Realifex is a private place for your thoughts. Realifex is Apple Watch ready and smartly integrates with the iPhone App.
Transit Tracker provides you with up to date times and locations of Calgary Transit buses and trains so that you don't have to wait
Navigation for the real world: Find out what's missing from your favorite map app, and help drive the next mapplication evolution.
WeFeel makes therapy more effective, improves a couple's emotional awareness, and gives you the ability find the "why" in what you feel
Play Tennis. Improve your game and keep playing!
All-in-WA let you send your past and present into the future. Your "Last Will and Testament" in an all-in-one time-capsule app!
We all need that best friend for advice, but what happens when that friend isn't around? Thats when the professionals at Lovetora come
Karma is a social gift economy app that helps to give things, teachings and opportunities for free. Be social not commercial.
The App to help prioritize goals, create a step by step plan and vision board, in a motivational atmosphere!
MIXERS is a mobile app that allows Facebook chats and groups, to collaboratively create playlists together, for any occasion.
We're building the world's best marketplace app for entertainers and venues, so new talents can have a chance to live out their dreams.
BuggMail.org is a FREE and SAFE eMail and online activity system just for children ages 5 thru 12. This app is monitored by parents.
App allows food trucks and breweries (or other locations) to quickly and easily compare schedules and schedule appointments.
The user can write inside Viddipops videos, share photos in special frames, send notes, video chat, text and make free world calls.
TrueMeet, your new app to enhance your real life by making activities and discover new friends by geolocation and in real-time
NINJASTAMP is a smartphone app. It transforms your name into Kanji and delivers a stamp(your name in Kanji is carved) to your home
Is app that lets you find out who is calling you on the phone and identify the caller. you'll always know who's calling.
650 native speakers of Maliseet remain & 1,000 Passamaquoddy, living on both sides of the border. We hope to help save this language
Keeping Family and pets together. We are an online pet community and resource. Using technology to help locate pets faster.
Tired of long queues at the checkouts, piles of coupons that may have expired, then the compact coupon will solve both of these issues
I'm a 19 year old who is tired of the endless 24-hour news cycle. In this news app, every story is important and exactly 10 words.
One Artsy Mama wants to go mobile! See blog posts on the go, enjoy exclusive crafts, and share your thoughts with the OAM community.
A mobile app to help students around the world learn and better their Math and Life skills, through video, games, and live streaming.
A social network that comes alive, only at night!
Need to know if your spouse/partner is going to be grumpy this weekend? Sports forecasting for non-sports fans, to keep the peace :)
No more crazy set ups for the CF open and other fitness competitions, because now your phone/tablet will function as a timer & recorder
Changing the way we work-out.
Soccer Fitness Gols is a community dedicated to helping people achieve their fitness “gols” through their love of the Beautiful Game.
In order to grow responsibly we need a more scalable backend to protect all our young new users, they are the future!
Vous avez toujours rêvé de concevoir et programmer des cartes électroniques pour géré votre quotidien
This alarm smartly collects weather and traffic information, to wake you up just in the right moment. It also adapts to your Timetable.
The `FAST FACTS FOOD CARD` App is an idea that centralizes nutritive and otherwise facts that people all over the world can access.
An affordable web app to make content management easy. Digital Asset Management for startups, small, and medium-sized businesses.
Evagene is the fastest, easiest and most fun way to draw family trees on a computer. Let's have Evagene on Apple iPads and iPhones
We deliver more than just 'food'. It's food with a conscious, that's our motto.
I have a framework for a sport related app that will help with today's data driven aspect of professional and all levels of sport.
We want to revolutionize parking by creating a spot-sharing mobile application that connects homeowners with driveways to drivers.
Sass is a new app that allows individuals to see what they would like before they try a new hairstyle. #GetSassd
RINFOU provides a service to individuals that are looking for new meeting opportunities; personal, business related or recreational.
Similar to how LinkedIn does skills endorsements, LegaSee does positive character traits. Use it for jobs, new friendships or dating.
Help us bring the website that connects people to sustainability, energy efficiency and organic businesses into an APP.
Twinklepixel is a color coding app that makes it easier to track friends, news and world events with a single glance.
DinDini is an app to manage all your money becoming popular in Italian Google Play Store. Now I need funds for launch in Apple Store.
The iOS Divvie community has been creative & terrific. We are raising funds to BRING DIVVIE TO ANDROID & add more fun features to iOS!
A safety network of software, hardware, and training designed by U.S. Navy SEALs.
A fun game in which kids can play and learn math at the same time.
Giv is a new app that allows you to view your friends and family's gift wish list and get them only the gifts that they want
An app for today's "20 something" woman. Life hacks, beauty tips, grocery lists, recipes,dating advice, a "Girl Talk" blog & much more!
A Single player Strategy game aimed at encouraging Scientific Curiosity in young adults  particularly in Medicine and Cardiac science.
An international mobile VOD service with carefully selected short form content, a great user experience & personalized recommendations.
Connect to friends from various social networks, all in one app! Bring fun to your messages with our draw feature and updated emojis!
PROTECT YOUR DRIVING PRIVILEGE Check the status of your Driver License.
I will develop an app, which will bring students home! You will post your ride, and sell extra spots in the car! You will get feedback.
Spectrum is a Mobile App community-based platform for all visual artists, traditional painters, illustrators, sculptors & mixed media.
Fishermen love to be successful. Fish Report is all about catching more fish while learning new tips, tricks and secrets.
Distracted driving caused 3,328 deaths and 421,000 injuries in 2012. The w8 keyboard is changing the game.
I'd like to create an app to establish a peer to peer relationship between students and professors to study for exams
Break free from the chains of your mobile device. Help keep your children safe and free them to experience the real world!
Experience your tunes in a whole new way with this cool and innovative game! Love music? Love puzzles? Then you will love this!
A social networking app that enables you to utilize a sketchpad to create a visualization of your nightly dreams.
We are creating an easy way for people to learn how to manage their own money and learn to trade the market in a high probability way
Emotion-APP-Appeal provides emotion and mood-based choices in movies, TV programs, songs and books available on Amazon and iTunes.
The app that will be delivered will allow the user to determine the key services available at the upcoming exit--gas, restaurants, etc
HyperSquare is a mobile app that allows you to live stream, watch live video, share photos, & face chat in real time, anywhere, anytime
Dragon King is the high-performance tool in Australian Dragon boat racing. Add fitness data, build team configs, share on smartphones!
A mobile app that helps you harness the power of generosity-based networking to grow your business and stand out from the crowd.
Plasma is bringing the best mobile games on demand, instantly ready to play for your enjoyment.
Finished work for the day? The Beer O'Clock App can manually or automatically annunciate "Beer O'Clock!" with many other great features
Avoda notifies you of part-time jobs that match your needs and satisfy your wants!
With this app you'll just point the phone's camera at a menu or price tag and the screen will show the price in your home currency.
eyewitness is a FREE iOS evidence collection app that we want to make available for Android users.
The Habittack is a competitive social accountability app, helping you and your friends achieve your goals in a game-like fashion.
URIJI JAMI is a new social network connecting users based on their past experiences and future aspirations.
Allo makes communication between parents and the hospital simple.
Support the development an improvement of Free educational Android iOS Apps like "Times Tables Trainer FREE". They love it!
An innovative concept that uses physical props + an Augmented Reality app to make adding special effects to videos fun, instant & easy!
Kids grow fast.  Use this app to help track their clothing sizes and use a predictive model to determine what size they'll be when.
We are innovators seeking more than just an app. We are innovators seeking the next big social media site that will connect the world.
The Think a Good Thought App provides daily inspiration with a series of different happy, motivational, positive messages.
The iOS and Android app that summarizes TV shows, books, movies and more. It's time to catch up completely.
The future is near, Next Charge is here—the revolutionary key to all of your EV & Hybrid charging needs.
Unique interactive app enables viewers to follow remote expeditions & captures the journey as it happens in vivid 4k video & editorial
The Postag App helps you celebrate your everyday style. Help us bring our vision to Android users and launch our new features!
Bettering the world by respect, and not by greed.
Project
Vintage Stereo is an old fashion HiFi stereo from the 90's. Now, just grab a cigar, a whisky … enjoy! :)
M1NDER - The Social Safety Network, is your personal mobile guardian angel, helping make the world a safer place for your loved ones.
eJukebox radio is social radio, like Facebook and Twitter, it is purely audio based, you can use it on the go completely hands free.
Next generation brainwave entrainment to achieve a meditative state like never before.
dREM plans to create a mobile app that allows the user to effortlessly achieve a lucid dreaming experience through smartphone sensors.
Discover interesting places near you! Say you found a funny sign or had a special dish at a restaurant; share this find with the world!
Keep your loved ones connected. Support youth safety by promoting and using the MyYouthHub mobile app.
I am making an android app so hunters and look up the hunting seasons for different animals in different states.
We want to bring you THE social platform for collectors worldwide. A network for enthusiasts, by enthusiasts.
Creatify is an app for artists, designers and other creative people to share their work in a social way.
Küdzoo is a mobile app that rewards students for their academics with deals & opportunities. We're raising money to reach more students
Travel With Purpose connects travelers who want to make an impact with nonprofits who need volunteers.
The Google of Travel Planning – lodging, restaurants, and activities, add and organize your trip itineraries in one app.
Conx2share is the ultimate social media app. Stop segregating your social life across multiple sites. Share your life as you live it.
A subscription based app that delivers everything a woman needs for her monthly menstrual cycle.
“Say What” is a picture rescue system for non-verbal emergency situations which will be free to download from the Apple Store.
With PixelBooks, you can connect with other artists and collaborate on projects and even get inspired to start your own.
Intelligent, visual and simple. Voiiceit empowers voters with the tools and knowledge needed to make informed political decisions.
A mobile app featuring city spots around the world, complete with photos, location, bust factor, hood factor, and time of day to skate.
an app that lets you take a pic of an old rusted car, and show you what it looked like off the showroom floor
Find your local tribe, follow your favorite hosts to see what they are up to and info on their events.  Version Two.
The event driven social networking app lets you post and view events in your local community. You don't add friends; you make them.
An app to develop digital content in museums to make them awesome for adult and children visitors.
LyricsPro is Android church presentation software that is already up and running.  We desire to expand it's capabilities.
The fitness app with a twist! The only app with a built in nutrition store and 12 week programs to follow for men and women!
Golf Faces is a new social media for golfers.
INTRIPPR provides an online platform that connects locals who have creative activities to share with travelers anytime, anywhere.
Connecting the Now.
The Fuudcart app will essentially allow you to order your food at concerts and sporting events so you don't have to miss a minute.
A code editor for Android and Windows Phone!
We need capital to build a really cool mobile application that will list all the Driveway Camping sites around the world.
On-demand business advice from your mobile device.
SwipeShop functions as a "Tinder for Craigslist" with an emphasis on safety. Simply post for sale or swipe to buy.
Connecting current, prior, and future U.S. Military service members together globally.
SitterAdvantage is the app that sitters & nannies use to schedule tasks, have fun and keep the kids safe in case of an emergency.
A mobile app to help you socially share and influence goals and challenges in everyday life.
Ugogo is an ecommerce site designed for small businesses and individuals to buy and sell goods without a bank account.
Pic Race: my idea to build a game app (on both App and Play Stores). Pic Race is against friends, racing to snap pics thru the ABCs.
We've been dreaming of an app that will combine all your incoming traditional and social messages in one place. Lets create it!
HOBB is an app allowing you to discover a country thanks to the sport
SkillBazaar.co is a network of the skilled - helping connect the skilled with employers near them (including the technology illiterate)
Svolten gjør det lettere å finne spisesteder for forbrukere, men gjør det også lettere for spisesteder å nå ut lokalt.
Generate hilarious insults randomly.
The first social network for people who suffer from mental illness.
Welcome contestants, welcome all to THE RUNNING GAMES! Join this worldwide challenge and make your run something special every time!
UBER for classic cars! Rock and Roll Rides is a mobile app that connects people with specialty vehicles for on-demand sharing services
Android version of my Photography app
Need a designated driver? Look no further!
Find a parking spot in the city; never forget your car lights again and more!
Los Paisanos siguen siendo extorsionados, nuestra app graba, envia y te conecta con el experto para detener la extorsion en tiempo real
Leave work at work! This is the ultimate calendar for your life outside of work.
an Idea that came from my oldest son. an APP that is free and allows people to find good skateboard/long-boarding locations
Sequence, an app that gives choreographers and directors complete control of your staging.
First HUMAN-Powered Translation App with 15 languages and more than 50 language pairs - A perfect blend of humanity and technology.
I created this project about two years ago out of a passion for technology and my  love for Orcas now I need help to keep it alive.
PayC is a disruptive carbon offset technology and an innovative low carbon finance platform. We are the creators of Offset Mondays.
And infinite jump and run with many great graphics, features and funktions that are votet by the community!
YOT™ gathers artists to inspire users in making creative picture messages for their crushes anonymously in a quick and simple way.
activatr, an intuitive mobile app that gets you moving!
To provide a more convenient way for students graduating law school to gain experience in law as well as get faster on the job training
Updraft is a weather forecasting toolkit you can take on the go. Atmospheric profiles and soundings on your iPad.
Afinity is a social network that facilitates friendly meetings, events, or activities in real life.
An Organic Chemistry Tutorial app for iOS, Android and Blackberry as part our Organic Chemistry Tutorial Database.
Who’s around me? Diumbo is a killer APP that discover people around us. How many times we have we wondered who is that person?
Beysicair is a homestay company like airbnb.com but with concierge services similar to a hotel.
Modern Connect adds real-time analytics to offline campaigns and provides the fastest way for consumers to connect with a business.
The "Best of Marin" mobile app allows you to find  where the best restaurants, shopping, and more are all from your personal devices!
Designed and built to be your personal emergency tracking and safety beacon.
Travel Wizard: Your ultimate travel buddy.
A powerful app that gives social and political movements the tools needed to become successful while spreading their message worldwide.
SPOTTO | yellow cars only | Voice Activated APP | Website | World record attempt |170 00 online playing Spotto  | Fashion label |
SlideUP Launcher - the newest Android using experience.
Numbers are just a mathematical notation.
Do you know that kids can learn to count and calculate without written numbers?
Input sight words to generate random sentences in order to help special needs children with reading and communicating.
ViDi is a unique app that fosters video-sharing with innovation, originality, & flexible customization for people's engagement.
The Break-Up is an app, that allows you to remove unwanted photos in a more ceremonial way.
Buy and sell locally, fast, simple, beautiful, fun.
MathMark is a competitive scavenger hunt game for students to better their understanding of math and history.
MatchPoint is the most comprehensive mobile app for CS:GO that provides live match updates, user submitted content, and more!
The first Android app that makes Internet on your mobile device faster and more reliable by combining Wi-Fi and cellular connections.
Wir wollen die Kommuntiaktion zwischen Schüler und Lehrer vereinfachen.
In no time at all create and publish mobile apps and Games with no coding!
Hello!
I am launching a delivery company to help the elderly and others in the St Louis area and if successful everywhere!
new generation in point of sale for restaurants
This is a completely NEW kind of calendar app. Forget about your old default calendar and get things done much slicker with Timeslide!
www.Auditz.io is a powerful online Safety Management System.  
We reduce tragedies by empowering industries to manage safety better.
Regain your total privacy with military grade protection App SecurNex
Record topic of your choice digitally, share widely, and store permanently on a mobile social platform exclusive to you.
A revolutionary world-first mobile app to save hundreds of thousands of lives in global earthquakes
A way to get and give help when in need. Dead battery? Flat tire? Road Samaritan can help with help. "Love thy neighbor"
Find a partner and create life together! SiriusLife is a platform that connects and unites people in their one mission:to have a child.
Have you ever wanted to go to a concert or music festival and have no one to go with. Well that's no longer an issue with my unique app
iPhone App makes any sound from your smartphone reactive to changes in balance or force, perfect for car speakers on curvy roads.
Guest Wedding Photo Apps! Works on all smartphones. Better then a sloppy #hashtag on a social network... Please read more!
U in a bottle - You are different and you like - Express your thoughts, reflections, your own philosophy. Show your own world !
I am trying to create something real, something raw. An app that tells your story. No more filters or phoniness. Honest social media.
With FYTI you will have all the social activities (Facebook, Youtube Twitter, Instagram) of your favoruite Internet-Celeb in one app.
The Aquaponics Design App allows you to create and design a healthy food producing system to your specific requirements.
An App that provides a platform for Supporting Artistes to register to work in Film & TV in one unique environment in 5 easy steps.
I'm Matthew, a 13-year old who's creating an app that changes the way kids and parents approach chores. Join us, and be Wackier today.
Find creative inspiration with the help of this so simple alarm app, to hack your sleep and make your naps productive!
DailyVery, the mobile app that offers you the opportunity to swap things or services with other people !
SOBER has developed a Recovery Social Network with many interesting features, check it out - matchmesober.com @matchmesober
The great new App that allows you to capture and save all of life's precious memories. Create groups, share with your friends and enjoy
Randevuk is a mobile-based social networking application that aims at bringing people together through the use of events.
Tired of waiting days just to receive an item you ordered? We've found your solution...Envoi. The daily delivery app that connects us.
Find yourself slacking off on your activism?
Hard to keep track of which cause you haven't posted about?
THIS IS THE APP FOR YOU!
PAPERLESS APP will give you  a chance to save the trees and the environment. 
By doing so you will be saving our beautiful planet!
TextSquealer. Choose 5 Accountability Partners and your social media. App squeals on you if you text while driving. Help Save Lives
Find your roomie, find your room.
Create amazing 3D charts and presentations, edit together and share with others, from anywhere, smartphone, tablet, laptop, for free.
An online collaborative Unified Communications platform for enabling cross-team coordination.
United citizens have more power than "Citizens United". Now WE can CONTROL a per-legislation based vote {Y/N} on the laws serving us.
The Zipline is the genesis of a new era in social media founded on telling the story of the human experience through video.
The refreshing twist to sending emoji's and micro messages the world needs. Highly Addictive, a little annoying, but mega fun.
Get motivated to workout by betting on yourself!
Sneaker Switch is the ultimate app for any person that is into shoes. Sneaker Switch makes buying, selling, and trading shoes easy.
Wefriends is a place for bringing people together; people with similar circumstances, similar interests and similar goals! Join us!
Did you forget a birthday or anniversary of a loved one?  With this app you will never forget again! Reminders,creative gifts,we do it.
This is an attendance tracking app for fitness instructors with a twist. Includes local instructors leadership board.
Promouvoir la cohérence cardiaque.
Promote heart coherence.
“Say What” is a picture rescue app for non-verbal emergency situations which will be free to download from the Apple Store.
Create an app for filmmakers to input data into a script breakdown sheet and then transfer that information to production strips.
This is a Helpful Veterinary and Pet owner diagnostic tool!
Disaster Check In's free smartphone app will provide families the ability to check in with all of their loved ones, all at once.
This will be an app that allows users to view deals on drink specials, incentive programs, and even special bargains for bars near them
Mobile app that allows secure communication in anonymouse way without storing data on servers. Text like nobody's watching via Incotalk
Notify the hotel that your room is ready to be serviced and you will be able to keep track of the status of your room.
Smart Apps that help you randomly remember the people or things that are most important in your life. Family/Friends/Faith/Business
It's an app for people in fandoms, where they can share their creative work and make new friends, even role play if they want to.
Couch Potato is an app that helps you find a great movie to watch by filtering your preferences by taking a fun quiz.
Muezy is a long awaited tool to the music era. It connects local musicians from all over the globe into one social network.
Bible Listener is an audio bible app that allows you to listen to the bible continuously, from book to book, until you reach the end.
introduce yourself through a direct text message, without the awkward banter of striking up a conversation with anyone on the street
Monitor your House, Hotel Room, etc., from your cellphone from anywhere. SID smart sensors give you peace of mind and save you money.
Download free music has always been a dream? not anymore...
Trans Attraction a dating/social app similar to tinder, but for the trans community, with the aim of making dating easier and safer.
A social networking website/smartphone app that connects great ideas with programmers and is designed to match YOU with the best deal.
Discover new people around you according to your interests, by talking to them anonymously during 1 minute real time phone calls.
Sobersystems is a mobile app designed so that families can track and monitor loved ones, helping to reduce relapse to active drug use.
The creators of Stego want to make Stego avaiable for Windows and iOS devices.
Bringing a simple natural gesture, hugging someone, through technology, back in people's arm, literally.
New app to know new pet friends in you're area and not, you can find new love for you're pet and find any product you're friend need.
How to take a legal taxi and save between 45 & 85% on your journey. Taxi2Share the new uber with more services and legal cab drivers.
Trainers Direct is an app designed to give local health experts and facilities a way of advertising themselves and their businesses.
One of the biggest struggles a backpacker has is the inability to wash their clothes. What if we had people around the world to help?
Help fund the translation of our App into Japanese. In return for every £1 funded, we'll give you two Sotro in-app Credits.
Auto-record your police interaction.  The video is auto-saved to the cloud with no screen activity and can be accessed by your family.
We developed a cross platform (IOS & android) app that will allow parents to track their Child's location and make sure they are safe
Molly Tonight  is a new way to connect to the nightlife world. It is the app that take the hassle out of your nightlife experience.
Introspective Chat (IC) STOPs the Man in the Middle, securing your messages with a One Time Pad - proven uncrackable encryption.
Biotic is an iOS app that uses touch and gestures to have students conduct biological processes like mitosis, meiosis, and krebs cycle.
In Saudi Arabia there are many nurses who cannot speak Arabic.We supply 77 key phrases to interact with patients.
MLM World is the first CRM system that provides all the services for network marketeers to build up their home based business.
A new, more affordable and reliable solution to your doorstep security. The first smart device doorbell with built in chat system.
Scan whatever object with mobile cam and app finds that object for you online (where from, brand, link etc.). Shazam for objects!
There are 2 apps one for the child to play and a parrell parent app, which allows the parent to engage and start a conversation.
Ever wondered what friends are close bye.What spots are popular in your social circle. With the squad app never be  out the loop.
Notifies those you love that help is needed during an emergency with your location. Designed for Apple Watch and iOS. Works Globally.
Track-Travel is a new startup for the development, implementation, trading and distribution applications, with gps and tracking.
Outdoor GPS ALTIMETER with : open street map, gps sunrise/sunset calculator, weather forecast, step counter and today widget.
Our app HSEQ Free is a free tool for the reporting of safety issues in all kinds of companies. Now we want to tell the world about it.
Hello," Forecastwear " is my new & first project. This app shows you what to wear according to weather conditions.
Create a search engine, being able to search Blood based on blood type and Geo-location.
Teach people of various backgrounds how to share their thoughts, feelings, and opinions in a structured and constructive way.
An app to store all your special moments. Film it, capture it, and store it forever to look back on.
An app that manages all your monthly/yearly crate/box subscriptions with ease, & without going to each company's respective website.
A dating app matching people based on the movies and TV shows they like. Which serves as a great ice breaker for people who are shy.
I want to create an app that will allow people to see what I am doing on my iPhone via direct video rather than a recording of a phone
Football...? Astronomy...? Wood Crafting...?
Whatever your hobby is HobbyMe will help you find fellow hobbyists to share your passion.
A cool new website to find that perfect bar or resturant. View live video, specials and events of local bars. Livepubhub.com/demo
We want to bring the stories of the Bible to life through high quality animated interactive Bible Storybooks!
InfoMage lets you create your business cards and share it without any Internet connection or Wi-Fi network.
Pinmi is a social networking application designed for sharing destinations. Pin a location, discover new ones, & share your experience.
Your Messages - Your Rules.                                       
100% digital data protection in your hands.
Quick Couture is the first mobile app that allows users to upload and take pictures of clothing to get instant results from retailers.
A brand new app for Sneaker heads which is packed with a lot of exciting feature
Verymex -  Instant and Post-Dated Messages - A new way to have a Chat!
Freecab: welcome to the Hitchhiking 2.0
ZPC is a fitness mobile app that is customized to the user through initial testing and biometric data. Personalized diet/workout plans.
Are you sick of burned waffles? raw un cooked waffles? 
with our new app you get the perfect waffle every time,  just like you like it
The "Real Life Hangout" App!
Significantly reduce your chances of never having another bad first date and increase your odds of finding everlasting love.
This is an app that will revolutionize how to we give and receive directions to our friends and family!
Techtable is a qr reading app that will communicate with a restaurant's waiters and kitchen as to what you want on what table.
An app that the construction industry will use for all stages of job management.  Manage quotes, notes, receipts, and job reports.
Help fund the translation of our App into Hindi. In return for every £1 funded, we'll give you two Sotro in-app Credits.
To Unite Global law enforcement, and it's citizens by crowdsourcing video crime scene evidence through a social media platform
Fleet connects runners around the world through music. Select a time, upload a playlist and lead a run with people all over the world.
A mobile application that makes searching, managing and paying rent simpler and faster.
A Free Mobile Application for collective UFO identification & discussion.
“Know where to go. Know how to get there.”
ToughMOB App - Biz reviews on video from the comfort of a social media platform. "It's the evolution of the suggestion box".
Alz App is a fun tool that caregivers can use to interact with their loved ones living with Alzheimer's and Dementia.
XPRESS is a fresh-take on social networking, that lets you cycle through random, short video chats with your friends & followers!
Our goal is to provide a user-friendly app that allows you to contact independent drivers for a ride and /or also order food from a res
An Exploji emoji is worth a thousand words!  With the first ever all-emoji texting app, quickly tell them how you really feel.
Snapsound is a social media platform to discover music in a fun and efficient way.
This app gives students access to certified teachers in their area during weekends and holidays. We assist prep for Common Core too.
Take or upload your picture, edit the crop, and save to your personal emoji keyboard. Edit how detailed you like and share with ease!
Where is Shaun and what is he doing?  All you have to do is ask.
Set reminders from your smartphone. Your spoken message goes to their landline at the right time. You're notified that they have got it
Keep it Funky
I am a music ticket chat bot that will help you find tickets for your favorite bands in your city
The goal of this project is to put a free higher education resource in the hands of high school students across the United States.
AucBlock is a social buying and selling platform that simplifies and streamlines the way ecommerce works.
Pocket Parking Meter will allow users to make deposits in to parking meter from their smartphone, no matter where they are.
WEAR THIS is a social media, fashion networking, and mobile application/web-based platform.
Virtual Love Locks are an environmentally friendly way to show love commitments & share them with friends & family on social media.
NutShell Politics is a new app that will allow candidates to reach voters in a non-traditional way. A safer and smarter way to campaign
Time to show the world how awesome you are! Imagine getting scored upon your real life adventures! BOOK OF LIFE can make this possible!
An E-library for story time made to entertain parents too, without costing a lot of money. Sarcasm and social commentary for babies.
Free educational mobile app designed as a tool for students or cinephiles alike! Make the Paris of films your classroom and playground!
App designed to Identify, Catalog, and Locate; Military/Fire/Police/EMS and other patches. Will be launched world wide, for collectors.
Fans can order food, get offers for team merch, area bars, directions to seat, parking, bathroom wait, keep score. A total fan package
An iOS or an Android mobile device brings this Calendar to life!  You’ve NEVER seen a calendar like this before!
This App will give information about all politicians.  Are they Democratic, Republican, or Liberal? Where do they get their Money?
Record your voice as the journal, upload your voice on air, share your moment to your friends. It is so smiple!
End your shopping hassle and eliminate the frustration of missing sales at your favorite stores. This app lets you find the best deals.
Innovative app that will improve the way parents and teachers communicate about everything!
Using latest technology such as Node.js. Multivendor marketplace platform to buy, manage, analyze items for small businesses - free.
Instagram meets snapchat mystory.  A place to share your entire day, not just a moment.
Check the temperature on the food you're grilling with your phone
Help me bring dancing stick figures to the world! People love them but cat stickers have taken over the sticker store. Help me fix it!
With the ElyCards mobile app, anyone can send real, quality greeting cards free, that are typically delivered in one mailing day.
iHomeRegistry is a new, smart way to get organized before your big move to a new home! From the furniture 2 decor, room by room!
Circle of life is zombie apocalypse game filled with strategy, customization, and a whole lot of action pact gameplay.
This is a teen driver app like no other<and has the the ability to save MILLIONS af teens life when driving with their phones
First Mobile App that allows landlords & tenants to communicate with ease. Send messages, alerts, reminders, contracts & more.
Office1440 ist das gratis online Kassensystem und Rechnungswesen für Unternehmen. Über 16 Geschäftsfälle können abgewickelt werden.
SafeCloud is a carefully engineered platform for private data storage and data sharing on top of your favorite cloud providers.
Android App for proprietary video streaming
Never Alone supports people, allowing them to send emergency request when they are victim of the choice between love and life!
My Mood Tracker allows you to easily track your mood throughout the day, record situational stimuli, set med reminders and much more...
Virtually Drop a memory (photo, song, message) from the app to any location to let the world discover it when they walk nearby.
I am creating a National Movement to Reduce  childhood obesity, through a variety of resources for parents, teachers and students.
Our team is building a mobile application that will give anyone the ability to find a mobile personal trainer anywhere, anytime.
Creating an app that will connect people who need prayers with people who are willing to add these people to their prayers.
This app will gather the percentage of time in voting records an ideology is voted for in the various categories by our politicians.
An app that will help you find and book a photographer instantly, anywhere in the world, and within any price range.
hy[Grow]ponics - Sow one and Reap for all
Oodio is a marketplace app/website where studio owners and artists alike can list, explore, and book recording studios all over Canada!
We've created the first ever social media app for partying. It uses your GPS location to find all the parties in your area.
All inclusive app that manages your dining out exp, from booking a table, to inviting friends, pre-ordering food and paying the bill.
Caviar is the Millionaire Matchmaker Dating App. Now everyone can have their own personal matchmaker, not just the millionaires!
With MyDetails you'll make a killer impression when meeting your business contacts and increase the chances of a follow-up meeting.
An App that will help people who plan their wedding get funded. Its expensive to have a wedding why not help someone if you can.
A mobile solution to bring the ability to order drinks / track drink orders to the bar scene.
Our phone app creates secure passwords in image form. You can read them but malware can't. You get a secure reminder when you need one.
Looking for that ideal destination? The Night Lifeline.
Stop for a while and Share your Love, Emotions and Commemorations by Ligthing a Candle.
TZA 21st century version of a business card which acts as the middle man to connect users to other people or businesses in your radius.
VoiceLots is the Social Network for Justice.  We are creating a Social Media experience unlike any other that creates real world change
An App/Database to pair brilliant people with pipeline programs for a brighter future!
We are liaising with a Appafy an Australian company to create an App allowing users to self advertise. Porto stands for Portfolio.
Picking wine made as easy as drinking it: select a restaurant and the App will give you the 5 best wines matching your preferences
Sleepless is a simple app that shows you Clubs, Bars and Pubs nearby and the best deals for the night!
Predictive keyboard app showing word suggestions above individual keys. Swiping up over a key completes the word!
If you feel like going for a cup of coffee, but not alone, there's always MeetUpForCoffee. Support us now!
ezReelz Volleyball is the easy to use mobile app for recording volleyball matches and creating professional videos and highlight reels.
Live a life full of inner peace, happiness and love - Get instant personal video answers to any problems you experience in your life.
Tired of dating someone who's always twifing (twitter, WhatsApp, Instagram, facebook), so are millions around the world. Meet twifless!
The one app to rule them all.
Restaurateurs reprenez la maitrise de votre communication, de vos réservation de table en ligne et de vos relations clients !
App allows you to put time locks on another persons phone without having it in your possesion and without compromising emergency calls.
Your never alone, 24hr Cam, Security, one press activates several actions, 911, Family, Facebook Live, GPS. Your Personal Amber Alert.
I Style You Daily is a Stylist for everyone. Behind the app are real Stylists who put a Outfit, from the clothes of the user, together.
Search for people and businesses nearby in real-time. Consolidate all social networks, email, ph #, etc. You control your privacy.
Easily find a roommate at college with Roomie, the simplest way to get connected with other students.
If you ever needed an app to solve a problem but couldn't find one. Why not request that app and let us make it for you.
FlexJam mobile apps let music fans vote on songs during concerts, updating band and DJ set lists displayed on their phones and tablets.
A dynamic cloud-based productivity suite that is fully-customized by the user, encrypted, and works on any platform.
A new service to select worldwide points of interest and to display the best order to visit them
Nectar Flowers is changing the way people buy flowers, with features like video messaging, see flowers before delivery & more
Appy Driving app monitors your style, speed & phone usage whilst you drive. Journeys earns you points which you can swap for rewards
Find out when your friends have free time!
Gym logging app for Apple Watch with exercise diagrams, workout to-do lists and automatic rest timers.
Finally, a simple and social way to find and prepay for your next workout. It doesn't get easier than this.
Military-friendly ride service for anyone, but driven by Active Duty, Reserve or Retired.  Never get stuck at the gate again.
We want to drive more tourism to small independent hotels & hostels all over Latin America.
This application is a safe help for all truck drivers. Often away from his family to deliver to us our product of consumption.
Answer a few knowledge based questions and become a member in less than 2 minutes. Safer faster way to list your car boat or other ride
Honey Do… ME, app takes a dreaded Honey Do List,makes it enjoyable for both parties,allows couples to negotiate instead of nagging
Fresh Daily is a meal prep delivery service, made by professional chefs, focused on 100% organic custom meal plans.
Überall. Zu jeder Zeit. Die I Need You App macht es noch einfacher Einen Handwerker zu finden. Sie können das Buchungsdatum im Kalender
Help the Kids Calendar develop a mobile app so it's easier to find local events and classes for your family!
Let's make the next big thing.
An app based on the concept app used in the film Nerve. In my app, users will be able to set and complete dares in exchange for money.
This free app allows you to safely buy & sell textbooks with other students on your campus.
An application to Unite two or more people globally in reality or virtually with similar interests, activities, sports or hobbies.
Ever worry what potential employers might find out about you online! Worry no more, this App will show you your online public profile.
MenuFriend is the customized menu built just for you, based on your food preferences & nutritional restrictions.
Créer et gérer votre application mobile + votre site web de votre club sportif gratuitement depuis votre smartphone.
Parents and carers of babies and children can make their homes safer. This app will reduce childhood injuries and save lives.
E-LERTER is an Emergency Notification System that utilizes smartphone and GPS technology to deliver pertinent information.
The World's First Social Lottery.
Donate as little as $1 to get invited to join & support us to develop this life changing platform!
Rideshare App with No worries, No Surge and no gimmicks
There has never been product that can make counting faster and easier. It will redefine counting, and be a life saver for many!
An uncensored, no fear, retaliation-free mobile social forum for work-life accountability.  All money used for development work.
App: when you open it sends your location to other people's devices in your vicinity and warns them of your danger so they can help you
We have developed an application that uses a machine learning algorithm to predict the outcome of a sports competition.
Mobile platform (iOS and Android) to list and sell your vehicle for FREE (via video & pictures) and let others search vehicles to buy.
an app for worldwide tethering
You missed out on getting those tickets to your favourite band. Let Find Me a ticket app or website do the searching for you.!
Peace of mind cycle App which allows you to automatically contact friends family should you have an accident,
ShiftShare is the only all inclusive app for shift workers, their families and their friends.
The first free social real-time interaction app for dating and finding that excitement of ones company right there and then.
The application to request and offer help from your friends, your building or neighborhood.
High School Scores app provides a platform where coaches, players, parents and boosters interact and share their passion for sports.
TimeSmart is an app that simplifies time management for working people. It allows you to manage your calendar, goals and set reminders.
I'm creating mobile apps that will be multi platform and I'll have fun doing it!
HomeHub is a mobile app designed by the brainstorming of real estate agents and their vendors.
Thumbprint Educational Software is a not-for-profit company aimed at delivering a free, world-class education to anyone in the world.
A new and extremely innovative way to bring people together for the best events in your area big or small created by you the user.
Join the Outwork community and find out about our new way to workout with friends, family, or others.
With the Media Reminder app you'll never forget any cinema movie, videogame or movie release again. No matter when it will be released.
A new online ©Copyright service that allows Twitter and Facebook users to instantly ©Copyright unique Tweets and Posts for FREE!
TakeMyBike is an app that allows locals to lend their bikes to tourists in cities where bicycles play a very important role in the ever
An app called School Blocker, which will prevent kids from playing on their phones during school hours.  
Cojones is a challenge crowdfunding app : Set yourself a challenge,  set a price, collect donations, take-up the challenge, get paid !
A mobile application featuring Real-Time streaming of live events, entertainment venues, restaurants, and churches.
Phone App to track blades on Heli,Airplane, RC or general aviation. Geometric and effective pitch calculations, Vibration reduction.
This is an app to act as a reminder when a child is in a car seat and to prevent them from being left behind in a dangerous situation.
ToTalk helps you find LIVE conversations on the topics you LOVE.
We are creating a fast and easy way for students to find the Job they love.
Utilizing modern technology to enhance and improve moving relocation services.
I am creating a fishing application for Australian fish species to better the understanding on what size fish to take legally.
App for local businesses, trades and small companies to bid on work advertised by the public
We're an on-the-go grooming service app designed to make the average man feel like a king where he lives, works and plays.
1,000,000,000 Full Page Ads For Businesses & People ● .99 per year ● Leave Your Footprint! Own a piece of internet history!
Help fund the translation of our App into Chinese. In return for every £1 funded, we'll give you two Sotro in-app Credits.
Enjoy the thrills of playing Texas Hold'em game that is focused on providing a quality gaming experience on all your mobile devices!
Real Play is technological idea that will advance and revolutionize the film industry and how we view movies for the future of science
Help fund the translation of our App into Bengali. In return for every £1 funded, we'll give you two Sotro in-app Credits.
Forget something? yup
On ur way home? yup
Make the right choice and let my app remind you of what you need from any store close to you.
Marketing / exposure / presentation of our Android-App:

Reminder for birthdays. Automatic sending of your personal birthday wishes.
MusicRogue changes the way people listen to on-hold music with their smartphones. “Your Music On Hold” - Music choice & fidelity.
Share your exciting moments using photos, videos & texts with 1 to 50 new people from all over the world.
This is an app/website  for the heartbroken, I believe it would be funny and helpful to those going through a relationship problem.
Kafka allows you to search for an ingredient or entire recipe. The app will return the cheapest option from among several supermarkets.
Smartphone app to promote physical activity and monopoly gaming by creating a virtual copy of real life structures
Tribe is a new way to connect with the world around you the way you want, allowing you to post and view posts from popular social media
Take your newly bought micro-brew, stick it in the freezer, and using its proprietary algorithm, Chill Time gives you the perfect chill
An educational app to restore the need for high quality education in South Africa with an aim to provide 24 hour tutors to all students
Use Gruppus to share your passion for a specific hobby or interest. Get your invite now and be the first to use it.
LifevestMe app will warn you with an ALERT if you are running under any risk of getting in contact with an on going terroristic attack
Useful app for quick check of electrical circuits. Great for contractors, homebuyers, realtors, do it yourselfer's, etc. Just plug in.
Cannabis Rocks! Game Mobile Game App
Help Transform this Game into a Mobile Game App for  remote and customizable play moves + Privacy!
An app to help new mamas schedule the help they need w/their inner circle from healthy meals to short errands
The app for adventurous travelers. Spend a little time memorizing languages now, so you can spend a lot of time making memories later.
The app offers efficient, personalised experience for plant growers to link up directly with buyers looking for fresh produce.
LOL into Lauging out Loud or OTW into On the Way. It will be as simple as autocorrect for your abbreviations. Your parents can read it!
This app links 2 or more devices to the same song playlist. Everyone adds songs from anyone's device, as they play in turn.
Hi! We are ShoesUndone and we believe in the idea of laced-based computing. ShoesUndone wants to change the world one foot at a time.
Mobile phone application providing food allergy sufferers with specific allergen information for food service establishments menus
An app aimed to ease the stress of remembering to take your meds everyday and bridges the gap between healthcare provider and patient.
SPOC - Single Point Of Contact that connects you by email, telephone or location with one unique word. See the ^ symbol and connect.
The Top Pairing of Every Cigar with Every Beverage. Or--any Beverage with Every Cigar. Snap a Pic of Your Stick or Label & That's It.
Do you think you are a good driver? Prove it with DriveWorkout, the mobile app that test your driving style.
ubirX is a new platform for same-day on-demand pickup & delivery of most items! We offer 4 different and convenient price options!
Your stats, for your athlete, tracked by you... for you. Tired of waiting for coaches to send stats? Have them instantly with our app.
Quotiful is an app on a mission to deliver inspiration at the right time and place, when you need it most!
We’re building an app that will redefine social interest connection.
Creating a fun new way to argue fairly with a neutral third party judge declaring a winner.
BookNook is an app that will allow deployed services members to read to their children while on deployment like never before.
A mind-blowing social experience! Capture, share, message and rate HD/1080p videos and photos directly from your mobile and web device.
The "simple" and beautiful note-taking app Windows 10 has been missing.
An app that promotes the works of new or obscure authors
This app will allow the user to search the Bible (or any other spiritual text) by chapter and verse, manually or with voice command.
This app serves as a platform to allow the people to vote for or against bills, laws, and regulations that govern our daily lives.
'BIG RIG TRUCK DRIVERS' will soon hold the POWER of a 'TV NETWORK' in the palm of their hands. There's going to be an APP for that.
The emojis, stickers and gifs you've wanted but aren't currently available. All your text entertainment needs from your keyboard.
To allow a user to build a virtual place (VP) (store, kitchen,etc.) and place items from grocery shopping inside of the VP.
We offer a dating app for those who can't take it anymore...tired of seeing their date pay more attention to his/her phone than them.
Want to find the most happening place? Use this app to find out how many people are at the bars, pubs and clubs around your city.
RimTech, created by former Nokia mobility engineers, is the First Patent Pending Anti-Theft, Alarm & Tracking system for Auto wheels!
Avec JASSURECESOIR, trouvez les meilleurs plans pour vos sorties solo, duo ou de groupe. Découvrez les idées de dernières minutes.
Letrr. lets you write beautiful letters and share them everywhere! Write lovely letters, the good old-fashioned way.
Llovo es un sistema que le permite consultar en una web o aplicación de smartphone en donde están sus seres queridos.
Windermere App is a new mobile first guide to The Lake District that helps visitors find amazing places to stay and things to do.
A social network app that allows gamers to find love or friends,it's also a chatroom and gaming newsfeed,GameLove keeps you  connected!
The New FM puts music fans and artists in control. Free streaming, no ads, and a one-stop shop for the best, new jams.
The first and most exciting Dating app also for pet-match-maker. LikeTinder app but with a Pet Match System and many other tools.
Neibr is a free social activities app that lets you do what you want, when you want, with nearby people who want to do it too.
Swipe is a mobile application that allows users to route their change at the point of sale into any bank account or charity of choice
We present EasyToContact, a new way of contact with your customers. Don´t ever lose a request for information and gain more confidence.
Create an awesome light wave in any stadium with help of your mobile torch light with an app.
iVollie will lower the sound of those annoying TV commercials so you don't have to! It was created to adjust the volume automatically!
"BlackBook" is a user-friendly app that allows it's users to easy access their peer's contact information by the BlackBook software.
We can share photo - Instagram,
We can chat - Facebook,
We can share our thought - Twitter,
We will be able to share video - EyeWorld.
looking for hours for a spot. This app hopes to create a way for users to communicate when a parking spot becomes availible.
Get context-aware, localized options for dining, entertainment & more plus connected device control  - w/o leaving the dokoji text app.
The App is Currently On The Apple Store Just Look up Back Talk or go to the URL www.BackTalkz.TK
With this application you can search for translators, interpreters and proofreaders worldwide.
Our goal is to increase transparency and participation in the political process through thoughtfully designed technology.
Take care of your own virtual pet - a FinBot - living inside of your iOS device. Eat, sleep, play, work, bank, borrow, invest, THRIVE!
Help fund the translation of our App into French. In return for every £1 funded, we'll give you two Sotro in-app Credits.
Omega Receipt...The last receipt you will ever have.

Electronic Receipts and warranties!
Get paid helping people in your area for anything from rides to tutoring. Any service you can think of, you can get paid for!
Autism Connect: A place for those within the Autism Community to make connections, relationships, and gain the support they need!
A minimalistic stock market app with ultra-simple design, real-time price updating, and a Notification Center widget!
An app that measures how far you scroll and swipe on your smart phone and tablet.
SnapDocs empowers professionals and students to do more with their mobiles.
The simplest way to bring overused christian phrases to your smartphone.
Stop exploitation through FAKE profiles with a tool that lets you know if the people you're dealing with online are real. PhotoVerified
The social network that gives back! Post pictures, comment and interact to earn points for discounts on name brand items!
ChowCar is your on-demand delivery app for foods, drinks, desserts, beer, wine, & other stuff from your favorite places straight to you
Project-based programming courses to teach you how to code iOS Apps step-by-step regardless of your technical background.
Más que una app de pádel. Gracias a un algoritmo encontramos personas de tu nivel para jugar, dónde y cuándo quieras. English Version.
Game that takes posts that your Facebook friend make, makes them anonymous then creates a personalized quiz for you guess the poster
,,Love needs Help, and the World needs Love,,
Mobile App connects accident victims with witnesses at the touch of a smartphone screen with pin-point accuracy!
Search and trial fun fitness orientated activities in your area. Gain free passes to cool fitness classes & sports clubs.
Help protect your child from online predators, cyberbullying, and other dangers that can happen on Social Networks.
Simple, secure, fast, & affordable. Help create a tax app that can help anyone complete taxes with the help of a CPA tax professional.
FREE professional counseling YOU can Trust!
A sports safety app to report concussions and injuries, provide athlete medical information, and communicates all of it effortlessly.
Instead of visting out-of-the-way retailers for goods & services, use Closer Companies to find places closer that have the same things.
Pingtro is green-minded innovation aimed right at the heart of the business card. Join us on our free version today to see how!
Digital marketing and sales of private owned vehicles to private buyers with Extended Warranties, Finance and Trade-in's considered.
Link is a social networking app. It's the new way to communicate with someone on the other side of the world with a click of a button.
ThumbWrench is a digital tool that supports your maintenance program for all types of business.
Es una aplicación en desarrollo que organizará  automáticamente las fotos de tus apuntes en carpetas.
A parental controlled/loved one texting app!
Fit the first time, every time.
Totem Warrior is a personal trainer in your pocket!  With specific training programs with nutrition to fit the individuals goals.
Fun, immersive, interactive virtual reality educational program for students 4-10 years old that covers common core math skills.
An Amazing New Worldwide Lost & Found Instant Text Messaging Service for our keys, travel luggage, pets and more...
An Android app to promote awareness and basic knowledge about Ebola Virus which includes its origin, history, research, and much more.
Contrary to its name, The Happiest Alarm app will ensure that sleeping in is the one thing you cannot do.
RecycleRates.com is a pricing tool for Recyclers. Provides current local pricing of recycled metals. "Find its Worth-Save the Earth"
We are developing an app that scans food at the supermarket or in the pantry to advise pregnant women if it is safe to consume or not.
This app searches your Facebook friends and mutual friends for the service or job you need completed performed. Keep jobs with friends.
Beepur has combined powerful features in order to make communicating with your friends and colleagues an easier and better experience.
Oriz est tout simplement une application qui sert à se trouver des amis pour les nouveaux arrivants dans une ville ou un pays.
We help people wait in line less but conversely offer business owners a way to market to users waiting in line at their locations.
Pick your friends. Form your group. Shoot a 5-second video and send to the group. All the videos will be combined. Enjoy with friends..
The empowering tool for ride-share drivers. We help drivers find and document tax deductions, and automatically calculate net earnings.
This is a social media application represented as a virtual environment that gives each user a user-customizable room (iOS and Android)
Make a trade. Improve your team.
Untapped lists the BEST venues for you and your friends to connect effortlessly. What's a good night without someone to share it with?!
The best happy hours and daily specials are all in one place. Excite your taste buds and pad your wallet with Hapibelly’s mobile app.
An emergency platform that immediately connects you with your nearest Emergency Call Center, Campus Security, or Friends and Family
Take your team pride to the next level!

FanBlast puts you in a head-to-head chat room with opposing team fans during the game.
APP gives PARENTS CONTROL over their Child's texting while driving.
This is an app for basketball coaches.  It will help plan practice, including a whiteboard for games and practice situations.
A central application for tracking and managing your MTG card collection. Included are several useful features including pricing info.
We are developing a tool people can use to keep themselves and wildlife safe from each other.
Imagine the stress in a everyday family, imagine an app that helps the whole familiy with everyday stuff
Hands down the most concise school zone location tool, saving lives saving money
HubSpin will give independent artists the ability to build fans, network, promote their original music and earn money.
Brand New Chat Web App, and Portable Devices.
Create Live Chat Rooms, Private Message Friends/Random People.
At the crossroads of Instagram and tripadvisor, with trptp you share your experiences and get inspired to make travel more meaningful
Protect yourself against violence and crime with the Planet 911 application. Instantly record audio/video, GPS, and sound alarms.
An APP for any smart phone with front camera it will allow you to use a split top for facetime and bottom for any app even internet
A picture is worth a thousand words, and a thousand words can often make quite an interesting story!
The Pokedex for real animals. Scan animals using visual image search!
Your child learning one language is great, learning 5 languages is priceless. Let's make it happen.
App that sends audio from one device to another, so you can watch one screen, and listen from another portable device.
Are you bored when spinning? Lacking motivation? You're not alone. Our competitive spinning app is going to change all that.
The Anxiety Acknowledgement Program is the key to providing peace in life and over-coming life challenges on a day to day basis.
An application for Android and iPhone that ties together private delivery driving and local business.
MyTyme a family oriented social media app that make your time you spend more memorable.
Koop je app via Ideal. Na de aankoop wordt je gelinkt naar de appstore.
Global Health Care Network
Need a service?
We find you the right person.

Flexijobbers®: the simplest way to get your jobs done.
Over the Last 3 Years I have been writing down and getting quotes for an app that I want to Create. Change the World in one App.
Put an end to all those awkward conversations - run all the tasks in your shared house from one app!
Highlight: The ultimate sports social network app unlike any other. You don't want to miss out on this.
Help me get this project to market: an app that delivers daily motivation.
Hip Hop World will be the destination of the worlds first immersive 3D Hip Hop virtual world online community
Google Maps + Monster jobs = PokemonGo like Job searching app
This new app will help all businesses document their procedures, work instructions etc up to 400% faster than traditional methods
This App Would Make Traveling A Lot More Exciting Guaranteed To Those who are single, traveling for work or on a vacation with family.
Plaza is the new way to access your social media feeds. With Plaza you can view feeds from all of your social media sites in one place.
My outrageous idea is for students to organize their own college.  In this business model the students would hire the teachers.
Focused on the world's talent! The app version of American Idol & America's got Talent BUT MUCH MORE! Help create opportunities today!
ZIA & ZIO, is a free cool tool application to train a language in a smart way and will breakdown the walls to express yourself
Just in time for the upcoming fantasy football season, ask fantasy experts specific questions about your team via text, chat or phone
ROTAX 360º PANORAMA APP, The first App for Android capable of capturing "REAL" 360º images without using a 360º commercial camera.
New concept in App gaming.  Expected to go viral worldwide.
OFFTHERADAR is a app designed for you to take a break from social media.Whether it's for sleep, or a month, or just for your kids.
Como start up, telekiki necesita un empujoncito para promocionarse, hasta ahora hemos tirado de recursos propios, pero ya no hay más.
The VotMe app, an social network app made for voting
MICar is evolving the way customers interact with their auto mechanic by seamlessly connecting them through mobile applications.
Pull out your headphones from your phone and let your emergency contact persons know where you are and that you need help.
Publish ads of thefts and disappearances of vehicles, pets... Anuncia robos y desapariciones de vehículos, mascotas...
VOI•LA is an industry disrupter that will revolutionize the Real Estate market. No pitch, no pressure, no obligation.
An app that will challenge you to Read your Bible, Pray, and Memorize scripture more.  You will see just how important God is to you.
The New Tool To Find The Best Jobs And Best Staff Super Fast and FREE!
Timeline Player saves tweets for all your favourite TV shows, so you can enjoy them with no spoilers when you watch them on demand.
Fessup is an app that lets you say what you really feel anonymously and be heard by your school/work community.
Say hello to Player 2, the app that tries to help out GMs and Players have more fun while playing their favorite Tabletop Games.
Users can download the FREE Money Honey Idea App and place bids on what could be the NEXT BIG IDEA! There is a winner EVERY WEEK!
Acarya est un tuteur personnel intelligent (Mobile app) permettant la réussite scolaire en primaire, secondaire et apprentissage.
App helping deaf to hear at real time. Voice is amplified for hearing as well as converted to phone's inbuilt vibrations to feel.
A digital menu offers fixed prices for rides to all areas. Dynamic price tags continuously adapt and update to the users GPS base
Self-help videos and articles by millennials, for millennials.
this will keep a tab of what your friends owe you, and also be capable of pay pal bit coin chase quick apple paying one another,syncowe
Videocalling for everyone. 
All devices, easy to handle, also for elderly and disabled and in care! Together with University Leuven.
Alert someone via Facebook, twitter, text using this app to let them know you are being arrested and also show your current location.
When we´re flirting we hate doing it with strangers and with fear of failure, but TILÍN TILÍN is here: the new App to make it easy.
Need to transfer files between phones or between your phone and computer? Try Sharek , all-in-one file transfer and sharing app !
An innovative App and Virtual Training Partner for anyone wanting to change their life by getting Healthier, Happier and more Active.
Help save thousands of lives per year by funding EVA, an app designed to create a safety net for drivers and emergency vehicles.
The automated, clip-free grocery coupon app that lets you save money automatically at the checkout.
Tell MacroPro one meal you’d love to eat & it will balance your macros and calories and give you a perfect meal plan for the next day
Tired of wasting money on entertainment venues only to be disappointed upon arrival?  This app gives you a real time sneak peek first!!
Two million drivers were on the roads with our Android app in the past 5 years. Now it's time to see the world through their cameras.
MBR errors, corrupt hard drive sectors, registry files, virus removal, and data recovery, all wrapped up in an easy to use app.
Write > Discover > Chat > Favor // Flunx for Android is online. With your help, we would be able to bring Flunx to the iPhone.
My name is Glenn, I would like to develop a VR based app for the advanced training of third level science students, and medical staff.
Are you a guy who has grown up shy or suddenly realized that you need more buddies in your life? Welcome home.
FAB5 is a FIRST LEGO League robotics team whose civic project from the 14-15 season was accepted for development by the City of Fresno.
Tired of going bar to bar trying to find which one is hot that night ? Bar Hop will do the work for you.
The Upeepz Social GPS App, will allow users to add cool places & share cool places. Local Businesses can easily invite you to events.
Stop kids from whining in-store for wanted items. Teach them to earn it instead!
It is the essential application for your parties : looking, create, invite, share, discover new people .. change your way of partying
Stay connected to the most important people in your life! Familink is a safe and trusted environment to connect you to loved ones.
Dont just give your child a phone, help their education too. Be a direct part of your child's education all through your device/phone.
BR was founded on the principles of establishing an On Demand ride-sharing platform for “the new socially responsible way to ride"
LoogleMaps is an app that will lead you to the nearest toilet by using GPS. Standard of facilities will be endorsed by previous patrons
An app that will revolutionize the fire suppression inspection process, saving time, money, and lives!
VisMood is an application where you can express your mood, feeling or emotion in a picture format and then share it with your friends.
Safelight is a security app with three functions. It's a flashlight, a video recorder and it calls 911.
FABNU will be the ultimate pocket concierge. Allowing for searching bars/restaurants/clubs etc for food/drinks/games/music/PPV/TV's etc
Info for you and your feelings
An app that links to your google calendar that auto silences your phone when you are in a meeting or important class
It prevents an emergency, a disgrace an unfortunate event occurs.
Hurry do something for your family before it's too late!
Low Battery!..Ugh Oh...Have you ever caused yourself unnecessary trouble or made others worry when your cell phone battery dies on you?
Coming up with a table plan can be both time consuming and frustrating. Lets make it easier with an app/site!
Making Money at the Stock Market. Predicting price movement in a Dynamic Way.
Health officials track diseases for outbreaks. This takes time. The tool would let MD's and the public map-track these with one touch.
CookIN is a mobile app that allows user to connect with local chefs that will deliver a restaurant experience to the their location.
REnexus: (R)eal (E)state Nexus - a relationship or connection between people or things) - Easily Connecting Clients, Agents, & Vendors.
An App for smart phones to auto txt back incoming txts while your driving with a txt that you are driving and you will get back to them
We are here to create a fully interactive app, clothing and community-wide contests for our radical website thekapsule.com.
App that makes it easier to go to the bathroom in public for women. Find the nearest loo and go to the toilet at someone's house.
CivilianCam is our #1 defense for police brutality. With this application, you can record your surroundings anytime to the internet.
Selects stocks for safety & profitability, generates entry & exit prices, and sets dollar & unit budgets for automated online orders
Help fund the translation of our App into German. In return for every £1 funded, we'll give you two Sotro in-app Credits.
Provide students and parents with proper support through online resources such as tutorials, interactive responses, and professionals
Check current wait times and trends at any destination before you go. Use our free mobile app to save time.   Life is Short.  Y Wait?
Create and search trips, fish, spots, rods, reels, lines, presentations, and pictures securely from any device securely.
App publish platform for web agency whit all the WordPress API & top plugins. Make apps in a breeze. No coding skills need
A single click app that live streams any interaction with police to a group of selected users be it family or friends.
PlayOnMe est une application de rencontre par affinités musicales dispo sur l'App Store. Déjà plus de 1000 profils.
. Fat Rabbit Network is a dynamic, innovative Internet service that connects consumers to bartenders and to bar owners.
Cut your mobile bills to zero and get lots of cute features in one App - free voice calls, texts, instant chat, video selfies and more
Podium is the first patented technology that will help those with social communication deficits prepare for stressful social situations
Physical Education tool that will help parents track students live in class and allow phys. ed teachers to give homework and track it!
Bringing together the social media industry, the sports industry, and the restaurant and bar scene to bring like minded people together
Gym Buddy is an app where you can find active people in your area.  Find someone with similar exercise interests and workout together.
Will give users the ability to pay their bar tab and order in real time. Allows the restaurant to spend more time with customers.
CRM app that effectively manages company data (Sales, Marketing, Accounting, Projects, Help Desk, Knowledge Base, Documents, etc.)
We want to connect nudist people, organize joint experiences & holidays worldwide & inform people about nudism to eliminate prejudices!
Record audio direct to your friends' daily alarms! Add purpose to your morning routine and wake up with a smile!
Verb It! app is a verb conjugator and spanish translator (spanish for the moment) that will also give Phrasal Verb meaning.
The era of QWERTY is coming to an end and the Android smartphone needs a new champion. This. Is. It.
Team ENE is a tool for people who provide training to better communicate, schedule and manage their personal business portfolio.
A revolutionary program/digital platform impacting the holistic development/overall wellness of millions of student-athletes globally.
SportsFit is an app that lets you know how many people are in the gym, and when your friends are there, with Funding we can improve
Shy est la première app qui va permettre aux utilisateurs de s'envoyer et réaliser des défis qui seront publiés sur un fil d'actualité
Teplr allows users to showcase their events in a social scope through targeted audiences.
Concierge Acupuncture Service delivered to your home with our accredited, licensed, and background checked 5 star practitioners.
App useful to finding locations where are refreshment stand during sports that are shared of BreakSport community.
Hate standing in long lines or car traffic? Once in proximity use Sqipe and send your suggested offer price to other users to bypass
Australia's first Halal Restaurant Finder App that lists over 2500 Halal restaurants near you based on your location.
Moment is a application to change your shared moments of your life ! We reimagined the way of sharing videos with friends and family.
This is an app for women who are trying to conceive. It will be an all-in-one app for everything needed when trying to have a baby.
Geopositioning service for communicating and getting aquainted with people around you. Wherever you are, you can always
This app will make the roads safer for all. Take the risk out of driving for yourself, your children and all other drivers on the road.
Product Scanner App: Easily make healthier buying choices. Scan and know the quality of your product. GMOs? Chemicals? Causes Cancer?
Snowflake is a location-based meet-up app for skiers and riders based on their ability level and what they focus on at the mountain!
An app for those who like to work out, and want to stay connected.
Meet new people, get workout buddies, find trainers, and more!
Rahtzee™ connects you to a local, every-day photographer, like you, in minutes. Candid shots, at the bar, or wherever, in real-time.
I need funding to help fix an app that allows people to share recipes with family and friends all from your Iphone.
A New Dating App Genaration for You from Germany  : )
Sometimes you might want something done but not have the money or skill set to do it yourself, this is where Trade-a-Trade comes in.
Help fund the translation of our App into Portuguese. In return for every £1 funded, we'll give you two Sotro in-app Credits.
Adjustable bubble around you for social use. Meeting new people or hearing what people are saying in your bubble. talk private or bubbl
Take home more of YOUR money by loaning less to the Government by not OVER Withholding!!! Bring Home Hundreds More of YOUR $$$$ weekly!
Book An IT Man in UK is your Solution for all your IT Issues!
New Service : PayOnce | Escrow & Licensing
A mobile App for bar hopping! Show your friends where you are, where you've been and invite them to join you and get rewards for it!
Enable grandma and grandpa to handle a smartphone by their own by managing the app remotely!
Job hunting with the correct company. 
Instantly. Anywhere. Everywhere. - ViSpoX, showing you the way!
Vehicle Maintenance Advisory Service for the Mobile App Marketplace. - Alternative usage of the iBeacon for automatic app activation.
We created a marketplace that you can make money by trading places in line. You can now skip the long queue in exchange for some money.
i have an apps project to realize dedicated for the safety of all bikers on a ride.plus one about the search and find children missing.
We will use the "Old White Church" as a  place to create a database of research on all historic collections. Presented digititally
Comfort Sounds - an app that'll give you relaxing background sounds your heart desires, for meditation or "me time" you've been craving
Fretzel provides a safe place for kids to text, voice and video chat. Parents can limit time, set notifications and review chat logs.
Records audio/video and auto-saves to the cloud with no screen activity and can be remotely accessed by your family with a password.
Budgeting app/education to help young adults learn about finance and manage their money.
Triptive lets you book a trip up to 12 months in advance and make monthly payments with no credit or interest involved.
Fixit is an intelligent database app that helps you in those situations where you messed up and you don't know how to fix it.
Messenger ohne Registrierung der Standardmäßig Verschlüsselt sendet.
Ohne Protokollierung und Weiterverwendung der persönlichen Daten.
An app that allows the user to make a video and have it narrated by a selection of actor/actresses
This App is an easy way to make your daily purchases from businesses and connect with the coastal communities they support.
Designed to be Powerful and Simple. 
If your battery is low, a flare is sent alerting those you choose.
SHARK (Secure Handheld Athlete Record Keeping) Docs is an app that offers Athletic Trainers a mobile solution for medical documentation
Connect the world to your personal finance and increase financial abundance with forecasting & scenario analysis.
The app that allows sports fans to keep track of their travels and improves their game day experience.
An app exclusively for students that organises the social experience of university by your location to make it easier to find events.
I want to make the next version of BlindTool with more accurate object prediction and personalization!
The app is designed to make work with artificial neural networks as simple and enjoyable as possible for everyone.
An interactive app using geo location to help connect singles, couples, groups, etc. to others that share their same interests!
BrickaGram is an app currently in development where people can share their toy brick collections and creations round the world -
World wide workers community. Based location app focused on people who look for potential workers around a specific area.
The Uber of live internet golf instruction via the computer wants to offer live internet lessons in all sports on tablets and phones.
Auditioning like in real life.
REVEALiO makes printed invitations and business cards "come alive" with video and call-to-action buttons when scanned with mobile app.
Our design review tool is like a spell-checker, but for an interface. It will make your app or website more user-friendly!
This is an interactive website and app to share all of our memories and stories to those who care to see and listen the way you tell it
TEAM2PLAY :
Web y App con la que encontrar gente y pista para jugar al pádel/ Web and App to find people and court to play paddle.
Siroco it's a platform where sports lovers can join a sports game wherever and whenever they want.
Hi guys, a new, easy way to choose the right car is coming up. A sharing system to compare every single model, lacks & positive points!
Beysicair is a homestay company like airbnb but with concierge like services kind of like a hotel.
Getting the world moving. Creating a free online health and fitness social network with health, fitness & recipe encyclopedias
Because we never thought of providing our time? Our passions and our companionship? Starts now.
Timeout4 allows a parent to send a Timeout to their kids' devices so they can focus on homework or get to sleep on time.
Social media platforms that offer other people skills to complete small household jobs that owner don't want do. Mowing lawn, pool...
Application mobile pour explorer un réseau d'activité dans votre ville.
Mobile app to explore a network of activity in your city.
A tool that facilitates communication between divorced parents, to organize and share the essential aspects of their children`s life.
Whether you are looking for "the one that got away," a drinking buddy, a doggie playdate, or a biz contact, Heyy is for you!
One touch mobile access to vets, including specialists. Get treatment from your couch without the stress.
Parson Dynamics LLC presents a weather, traffic, and navigation services app in one seamless mobile application for Android smartphones
This application will calculate the radiation your body is exposed to, using some variables like your weight, phone SAR value...etc.
Your life coach app. Let this app help you find those happy moments in your life and spot bad ones.
Dandify app will help users pick an attire for any occasion. Dandify is proud to join the fight against bullying. Like us on Facebook!
Take a selfie with your favorite Star by GetCerti app and get personalized Certificate with your Star’s autograph by e-mail.
TNIY is a new app to discover what clubs are hot or not. It all happens LIVE through 10 sec videos provided by people inside the clubs!
Online  Love Locks for you...Share your love and preserve it !
Wallaby is a free social network that enables its users to record videos and share them on a variety of social networking platforms
Imagine an app where you can vote for and help solve the largest problems that face humanity and Earth. Welcome to World Priority List
A guide to where you are or where you would like to be. Discover what you need and how to get it.
What to wear? Sounds familiar in the morning? The app will give you instant feedback on your style + entering into a style competition
Sharing information between mobile phone users is too difficult. Qwikode eliminates typing as a means of sharing digital data:)
To provide grants to Schools, Sports Club,Youth Camps to provides MyFile-IT App to the students free of charge to increase ther safety
NoGap is a VOIP Mobile App that addresses voice privacy through internet,  you can talk and not to worry about "somebody" listening.
Smart phone-web platform that automatically plans pregnancy care. Inform & empower women. Your pregnancy records on your phone.
An affordable way to watch TV and pay for the channels you want to watch. Includes DVR, AirPlay, and more!
A software/hardware based emergency response system for school-based attacks. Together we are improving response time and saving lives.
Enter zip code & instantly be connected to talented stylists & barbers in your area. Website allows you to look great wherever you go!
The Athletic Tutoring App will provide a new way for young athletes to get 1:1 sport specific instruction with NCAA student athletes.
This App is just like the website Hunt4Freebies. At a click of a button you will start receiving free things!!
You know how addicting smartphone games can be, so we are morphing education and smartphone fun all in one.
Cloud-based app for the marine (or fresh) aquarium hobbyist or professional. Manage multiple tanks, livestock, & readings. Read more...
Imagine designing an item with an easy-to-use app on your phone and receiving the 3D printed silver, gold or steel version in the mail.
Virtual, Digital Blackjack Computer that actually computes the play and is based on algorithm of 250 possibilities of hands.
Flocam, allows the user to listen to music and record videos simultaneously. The app enables user to select a music and rec
Wazam is an app idea that will eliminate the long process of finding a book you enjoy similar to other books you have previously read.
The phrase, "I'll pray for you." is thrown around in church a lot but even the best intentions can be forgotten.
Flylert is a new way to buy an airline ticket, It will automatically track and purchase (if chosen) your flight. as simple as that !
Walk around the whole Louisville Loop, section by section -- and celebrate when you're done.
Backed by Hartford Studios, The Quantum Project is an app design to help learners master physics via 3D model examples and applications
Remember playing Tag in the playground with your friends? Well now you can play it on your smart phone!
Streamlining childcare services and protecting who you care about most.
Dickey Picks connects you to your government representatives so you can remind them that research about gun violence matters to you.
to create an app to get kids active doing a GPS /google maps based version of Hide and Seek
A revolutionary app for temporary recruitment, bypassing expensive temp agencies.
Paleo app that allows users to choose multiple recipes then our app takes all of the ingredients and emails the users a completed list!
Smart Phone App which detects car crash and contacts emergency responders and or family members in lieu of "OnStar" system
Apps 4 Autism have a vision of a world where Autism is a difference, not a disability.
The Urban Barbershop Guide App will serve as an essential tool to locate the best barbers and and hair stylists in your area.
Get rid of your snooze habit by playing a game with your friends. Wake up to defeat monsters and win points. You snooze? You lose!
x
The mobile app intends to send a distress alert to friends and family when one finds themselves in a dangerous situation.
Injection App provides seamless immersion into the world of comics. The more you read, the more you unlock.
Women unknowingly use cosmetics containing dangerous chemicals that can harm themselves & their children. We suggest safer alternatives
Our Fridge allows you to create your own personal social networks! Share with people that matter most without forfeiting your privacy.
Travoo will be a globally used local sharing network of not only ride-sharers,but home sharers,car sharers,delivery,grocery,etc...
tuTap will be a mobile app where the bars in my town can promote and upload photos with offers,where they can reach the target audience
IntegrateME is a community style application that will connect refugees to volunteers to give them language, job and social training.
Food related health app, which will allow you to measure pH levels of food consumed and balance your diet accordingly.
HAUS PORTER is an app that allows carry-outs, groceries, wine, etcetera to be delivered right to your doorstep within a touch
We bring people closer to God by keeping them "on path" with inspirational & spiritual alerts throughout the day
Most interactive way to share photos/videos! Snap, send and wait for your friend to make all of the edits! Who knows what they might do
AnyWay is an innovative step forward in the world of navigation services
I want to develop a new dating app that approaches dating from a more monogamous approach. With your help we can make it real!
What social networks were invented for.
Have fun plans for the weekend, meet more new people.
Is your car making a weird noise? Vrooo click click tack tack... let FIXL help :) Think Shazam but for car noises!!!
Scan for GMOs, Carcinogens, and more. Find Healthy Easy!
The App that gives back to Charities. Learn how to make an app.
A series of apps designed to streamline and improve the lives of teachers everywhere.  One main aim... to give everyone time to think.
Yes-Means-Yes.org - Supporting Affirmative Consent
An APP for private, anonymous, secure sexual consents
Have you ever wanted to test out your own base? Find holes on where to improve your base? Pledge here!
A social polling app that lets users discover what the majority of the world thinks by asking questions and comparing votes.
Climate change. Pollution. Corruption. Poverty. We can fix these problems if we work together. This app finally lets us do just that.
A brand new type of celebrity news concept. Where the real celebrity is you.
I am developing an app for Android and Apple products that will provide running training plans adjusted for the current weather.
ABC blocks extented with Augmented Reality will talk to your kid helping to learn Alphabet. Let's return kids back to real world.
Creation of the biggest real time head-to-head challenge TV trivia app in the world.
Request photos of anything on the map - events, locations or people. Or walk around and take photos for other people.
RedNapkin es la app que te permite conocer nuevos amigos y encontrar los mejores planes de tu ciudad de forma simple.
Thirsty Monster will offer a unique search facility to enable an Inbound or UK tourist to find a pub or bar in their location.
Find out what people are really feeling behind the mask! In real time.
Analyzes emotions via video call, photo or even on Youtube!
Know your flowers, trees, shrubs, and grasses by taking a photo with your phone. Once uploaded to your phone find where you can buy it.
An online social place for all homemade pet products, services & goodies. Helping shelters because they need all our support.
We have created a free Digital Signage solution for retail stores called Pointa.TV, and we need your help to bring it to market.
Food App that re-sells take out leftovers to people that meet you shortly after meal.
You can now use your name as your phone number!  Register a unique I.D. and get your digital identity or digital identity now!
Fitness made social. Like, find, and share workouts.
An iOS App to create your child's monster alter ego and share your best stories and photos with your friends and family.
Create and distribute professionally branded videos straight from your camera roll.
Vizavoo is the ultimate beauty on demand app! All beauty services in one app! Just tell us what, when and where and we will be there.
We're changing the way you find food around you. Swipe and find yourself local offers,while at the same time helping feed those in need
Nearby you makes it easier to go out and meet new people near you. You can also find the nearest bars and Clubs.
On Sep 14, 2015 synchronized interferometers in LA & WA detected gravitational waves. Let's prove Einstein's genius on a global scale.
We are creating historical lessons that users can see through the google cardboard. It's a new studying tool that is fun and affordable
BlackTimeMap is an app that lets you experience the stories and history of the African American experience during WWI in VR & AR.
Fit Life Zone is a revolutionary application that you can download to your phone and find a personal trainer or a workout!
OpenTapp helps self-distributing alcohol manufacturers handle orders, gain contracts, and get their products to retail establishments.
Securing day to day lives of people all over the world through safety apps on their Android devices!
Hej is a messenger app that combines various chat, messaging and email services into one application.
A speed dating app that will match up people based on criteria. If you like what you see, schedule a date. 5 mins timed chat.
I fly a LOT. Mostly internationally. Ironically, I hate to fly b/c of turbulence. I wish there was an app which shows me air turbulence
I want to make an app which let you connect with friends on all social networks at once.No more awkward adding friends on every network
The mobile app with everything you need to keep your pet safe and healthy.
Lets change logistics!
Connect and talk to whoever you're with during a workout, run, or any type of activity while still listening to your favorite jams.
Surley someday when you had a jobinterview you dont know what to wear. What To Wear Tomorrow will help you better than a human trust me
Lightbulb is an innovative app designed to connect artists with potential clients looking for customized pieces of art suited for them.
Using biomechanics and exercise physiology to self-diagnose your technique and guarantee you get the most out of your daily workouts!
We are travelers, working professionals, wanderers, explorers, world citizens. They call us digital nomads. And Roma connects us.
Tired of losing your friends at a festival or event? Just follow the blue arrow and find your friends in no time!
UltraTrax's goal is to make driving safer in the US. It is essentially an app that will provide stats that will help people be safer.
Comprehensively backup, track & monitor your Android devices. Be part of the team creating the iCloud(TM) of the Android world.
Delivering a custom mobile experience to help form a unique identity of the brand
Do you need a quote on your next project? It’s simple, just take a picture, post it on Contract Bidder and match with a professional.
Create a Tapping Script APP. shifts all the negative emotions that accompany depression. Easy to use w/ 'How To' EFT instructions.
An App. When you need to drop a folder or an important Package to someone after working ours Or get someone served after 10 PM.
im looking for funding for an parental guidance cell app..if you change the children you change the world!!
SOfit! Performance Training - an online library with hundreds of unique, custom workout programs...for less than $5 per week.
Our App is designed for individuals to be able to report and raise awareness on surrounding occurrences in their particular city.
According to science, in only 3 seconds you form an impression of others. Prove yourself in 3 sec and watch million others do the same.
Curiously is reinventing online dating by bringing people together through their shared love of music, matched by similar tastes.
LifeRewind – A perpetual audio recorder, designed to automatically capture the unexpected events in your life.
A production platform and innovative marketing to get a high quality custom mobile app in every business, first locally, then worldwide
Jobin is changing home renovation by connecting people to professionals like never before!
I'd like to build an augmented reality app that allows people across the world to document the location of all plants on earth.
Host and find local workouts in your area.  Host free or paid workouts.
Indie creates a marketplace for independent Artist in stylistic and visual fashion that many have compared to Uber.
I'm creating a New social media site where you can do what you want. Post pics, videos, and live stream along with other great features
The robot to find you the best price for your flight searches! 
---
Le robot qui trouve les meilleurs prix pour vos billets d'avion !
The app will be a complete guide to your college or alma mater including relevant news, dining options, deals, etc.
This app will feed Anthony Bourdain-style HD video reviews of restaurants, hotels, and nightclubs to culturally-explorative travelers.
WEB2DOO will allow everyone to create, design and publish a website by drawing one up on Tablets or SmartPhones. No programming needed.
SwapTime = Videocall + Face Swap + Voice swap
Smart Energy Explorer allows you to gain meaningful visibility into your electrical usage patterns & keep an eye on a remote home.
Instant access to affordable and high quality healthcare services in the comfort of your own home. No health insurance is required.
Stone is software designed to breakdown arguments and convert human aesthetic language into symbolic logic.
How about an app or website that can provide you with waiting time information for a busy service provider?, thats w8timez
PicChain is a unique image-based social app that uses serial one-to-one interactions to enable collaborative visual storytelling.
Wellness app with 12K+ food items and real-time Pedometer tracking, Dedicated Dietician, Nutritionist, naturopathist and Yoga expert.
I have created a website and Android application called Labor Click.  It is a new way to post and receive temporary work opportunities.
Gift-buying simplified! Get gift ideas based on gender, occasion, interests, and price! Compare prices from many stores and websites.
The most advanced tracking app for live poker - HUD stats, odds calculator, bankroll management and more - right on your phone.
Most datingapps you dont have the possibility to look close for home. The ily app simply gives you dates in your own neigbourhood
xDroid is the first Intelligent Digital Assistant that combines both a social media community and search to fulfill your needs.
A special place where happy people can share what makes them happy and grateful in the everyday life.
"About time someone did this!" - a KS backer. Use your smartphone to quickly and easily submit everyday items by country of origin.
First Reality Social Network where people communicate about their localized thought clouds.
No more stressing about the perfect gift. You type in the likes of that person, and we find the best deals that fit those categories!
An app that tracks what a person has in their pantry and recipes. Based on the recipes the app keeps track of what is left.
We've blended new hybrid technology with over $50k+ in features to create an ultra sleek way to create your own custom app in minutes.
Headshot Genie is a magical photo tool for actors & models. With 3 easy steps youll be able to create a professional looking Headshot!
With this website and app, find where in the store your desired item is located. Corresponding aisle title with content list/lookup.
spyFLOOD is designed to combat the ever growing invasion of civil privacy by government Spy Agencies by flooding them with useless data
Smarty is a powerful software platform that makes running your business super easy, specifically designed for small business owners.
Tickets sold out? Venue too far to travel? Disability prevents attendance? Enjoy the immersive experience via AtmosVR's 360 streaming
Runnist is an App that creates your playlist while running. It connects people with the same musical vibes.
A free app that allows you to save and share videos with specified people (family/friends) who receive the vids after you pass away.
A cross platform live messaging social network that displays revelant local/world data, business information, and ads in a modern way
A mobile translation network that will make unaccompanied minors less excluded and less vulnerable when they arrive in a Sweden.
Plataforma Biométrica para la Firma Segura de Contratos
Never argue again with your wife about what is for dinner or where to go!
The Easiest Way To Book A Photographer. Guaranteed. All the tools a photographer needs, and map search for clients to find them.
The Games Idea Is To Provide Addictiveness With An Absurd Level Of Difficulty That Will Bring Online Rants And Hysterical Reviews
I want to develop an App, that allows you to share everything from one Cloud-Server, which works with all other Clouds.
Support Australian and eat well! An app to make it easy to find the freshest & best value local food and drink anywhere in Australia.
Play the music that everyone likes!
Sapiens is the (R)evolutionary dating app: (R)espect for every gender, (R)elationships for every community.
A new innovative health app, cloud and website bit of technology genius.
Smart Apps that help you randomly remember the people or things that are most important in your life. Family/Friends/Faith/Business
Tripster is the easiest way for meeting travellers around the world, see travellers nearby, chat, meet up and share your travel photos.
Phone app to track your phone time usage. Control your habits to avoid nomophobia. Discover new population habits related to the phone.
Little Bell App for canine and feline diabetes management, tracking, and feeding/injection/tracking reminders.
Apply to accredited schools, apply for funds, and get detailed information about your chosen career, get free career counseling!
Join us to help make it "safe and easy" to connect to your favorite celebrity, athlete, representative or brand.
Après les attentats du 13 novembre à paris, nous devons prendre les devants face aux dangers dans notre société. Attentat, émeute ...
The Genii: an app that enables the leisure & entertainment industry to target specific audiences, drive footfall & promote interaction.
Interactive app to guide people on social media. Your best friend to create shareable content easily.
Most of the stuff we throw away is actually quite useful to other people. Lets make it easier to share and find.
Avoid getting your credit card charged because you forgot to cancel your trials and subscriptions.  Get better deal for renewing.
A psychology-based app that matches people intuitively. Describe your life in pictures, and find people you like by looking at theirs.
AccesMed.com est une plateforme pour trouver un professionnel de la santé facile, rapidement et près de chez soi.
We're the first multi-phone platform digital business card that automatically updates your contacts when your information changes.
Inspectivize is a mobile / web app that allows realtors to instantly book inspections of any kind, anyplace, anywhere.
Social Fit App.Get Support, meet up with local fitness groups, Find local trainers/Gyms, compete in online challenges/local events.
A phone App  -- Simplified and interactive steps of getting the targeted visa depending on your location and passport.
An app of all possible cliff jumping locations, including swimming holes, lakes, oceans, etc in the continental United States.
It is an app that can help save you money and/ or pay it forward by being able to redeem coupons for free items or send it to a friend.
many times you been sitting with friends and your phone ringing, 
and the person next to you looks at your phone and see the caller id
Health Me Out provides users with affordable in-home massage therapeutic services, along with many other health improving features!
Fontnote allows users to share with friends/followers "in real time" what Artist and Name of Song they are currently listening to +more
This device and app can allow you to check on your baby anywhere anytime have a nanny cam it can link up to those as well.
Grocery Grabber is an App that allows you cut down the time you spend at the grocery store and more importantly help you save money!!!
Forward is smart, simple and social to empower you to cure zombies around you so that you could connect and succeed.
Ever wanted to do an activity, but none of your friends were available? Here's the app that makes finding activities and people, easy.
Rudimate is an app that turns your smartphone into a transcriber that will allow you to transform drum patterns into sheet music.
The first grocery app that focuses on what's in your pantry, because knowing what you need starts with knowing what you already have.
A mobile app that helps you select your outfit for the day.
How many mismatched socks do you have? SockMatch allows you to upload photos of your lonely socks so others around the world can match!
Have more fun in your everyday life and communicate with people near you with the Seizeter application.
Scheduling and payment all in one  phone app for hair appointments. This product will help stop no shows and overbooking.
Highlight: The ultimate sports social network app
Get a live feed of how politicians are classified around you. Politics is for expressing yourself and learning with the community.
Let's make an app that propels young children to educational success by incorporating early brain development techniques and methods.
WA will alert parents instantly if their child didn't board the bus to/from school.  Kids don't even need a phone!  We're about safety
Getting together with a friend or meeting new ones at a moment's notice has never been simpler. No friends nearby? Use Occupie!
Miami Jewish community chosen to implement Matov’s Torah app innovation!
The social compass: never lose touch with your friends, family or colleagues on the road!
Airbnb for cars!
We all know how fast ebola is spreading, this is not to scare anyone but we all need to be up to date on this issue all over the world.
This is a fitness app designed to bring a personal trainer to wherever you are! It will include instructional videos and much more!
We're giving users crowd-sourced highlight reels of the world, and you can be (literally) a part of it. Live on as a part of our app!
The app that will change how you view the world by automatically filtering out all of the negative posts in your Facebook feed.
Carpool2Vote.com is the first-ever FREE ride share app to the polls.  The app seeks to empower women voters and increase voter turnout.
Drunk Buddy is a smart phone application designed to help make life easier when you're drunk
Its like fair trade for diversity! Lets you reward brands committed to improving diversity & equality by identifying them as you shop.
My Town takes the entire town and puts it in the palm of your hand. Users will be able to discover local deals and find things to do.
Transportation for colleges and universities have long been overdue! Zoom|u is a peer to peer college tailored ride sharing service.
SelfieGuard is a camera app that detects nudity as soon as a photo is taken and blocks your child's phone before the photo is sent.
Tindr and Grindr our apps that usually are for gay or straight people. Bisexuals need their own place: Biplace.
A Social Network that combines new Social Networking ideas with the classic chat room feel of the 90s.
Connecting individuals offering odd jobs with individuals looking to earn extra income in real-time.
A Multi-Social Media Account Management Tool, Which allows the user to manage all social media accounts quickly and easily
Fun, new Icon App that works through your phone or pads keyboard. Adult oriented to include icons for those "good times!"
Evaluator Pro:  Irrigation is a smartphone application designed specifically for the landscape / irrigation industry.  A sales tool.
A highly organizational and communicative app which allows parents to simplify everything dealing with their children.
Living a Wonder-filled Life just got easier
Know if your contact is driving before you text them with Where's My Contact app.
Want to be better at just about anything? Our software helps identify what actions correlate with your successes and failures.
Giving charities the best platform to raise money through dare challenges. For example, ALS Association recent Ice Bucket Challenge! :)
Dog Darez is a free app that allows you to dare your friends and show the world. Like the ice bucket challenge but any dare you want.
Train2Gain is the ultimate self-directed reward system for achieving your physical & mental goals while determining What Motivates You!
Help fund the translation of our App into Italian. In return for every £1 funded, we'll give you two Sotro in-app Credits.
Need a FUN app to help you keep track of what muscle you worked out (And how to do) and keep you updated on each muscle
Je veux créer un application mobile nous permettant de trouver un professionnel libre immédiatement à proximité, tout domaine confondu!
Finally a tool for safety compliance in the palm of your hand!
I am starting production on an app that combines working out with social media. Stay connected with friends and push them towards goals
Less wastage of name card, use interface to link up & combine social platforms and design i Profile to show its strength & Professions.
A Millions reasons to develop a feature rich app for Xbox music subscribers...a million users need a better app.
Mikezeworks is your new E-file manager. Save, access and organize anything digital on any device, anywhere....
our aim is not to waste food but cheaper to sell. We want to reduce prices and show that you can also eat cheaper in every city.
SPPACES is an app which uses a phone's wallpaper background as the shortcut to launching applications, eliminating the need for icons.
Application pour smartphones iOS et Android permettant aux pêcheurs de consulter les règlements et d'enregistrer les sessions de pêche!
Hello! Here is our simple idea to help you earn money whenever you drive!
Weights N' Dates is the fun way to meet fitness-driven singles in your area. Discover people around you who enjoy the active lifestyle.
YOURBEAT is the smartwach application to monitor our heart and notify us  and to emergency numbers if something is not working properly
An app that acts as an AMA (ask me anything) platform where someone pays Arotron (via paypal) for a direct ans. An E-bay for knowledge.
Bring health knowledge to the next level by creating awareness within the society.
mSync allows users to sync music across multiple devices at the same time. Users can also stream and share what they are listening to.
Social Fitness Connected is an app for you to post your fitness routines and follow people with fitness routines you are interested in.
Kortere wachttijden, minder papierverbruik en betere klantenservice met de digitale vrachtbrief.
Tuum is a mobile app dedicated to simplifying & personalising news you want. All the news you need collected in one place as you like
The app that will change the way people connect!
Pocket Adjuster 2.0 a web/smartphone app for automobile crash consumers interested in their injury value. Be informed. Be empowered.
Teaches teens the Discipline of money management, debt dangers, credit building, assets & liabilities and net worth via a fun game!
Help us build AcroApp!  A purpose built video training mobile application for practitioners of acrobatics acroyoga and others!
Create and share smileys, balloons, sounds, MEMEs, GIFs, photos, screenshots collages and doodles...directly from your iOS keyboard!
UOB - The Next Generation of Business Networking
A social-media platform used to capture crime scene evidence; bringing the public and law enforcement together in unity
A simple method of differentiating between automated and human originated phone calls and invisibly blocking unwanted automated calls.
I have reached my limit on money and coding knowledge, but I know Herdmap will be so much better with your help!
Native Card is an online social networking service. We connect locals by membership & convert offline experiences into online content.
Actually is a social app that helps people to 'actually' have real-life interactions with others nearby, and make new friends!
An application to stop any harm full use of NFC on your phone, such as stealing money from your contact-less card
A promotional app for any artist, film maker and entrepreneur who wants a platform to showcase their event no matter how big or small
SuitMe is a social mobile application which solves our problems with fashion! #fashionrevolution
I'm building an app that has a database of all the FREE WIFI near you on google maps. Help contribute by adding your own entries!
GasMap will be able to tell you exactly how much gas will be left in your tank after a trip based on traffic, and elevation.
The gym in an app.We're you get live workouts, heart rate monitor and get heathy food delivered to your door. With one push of a button
This android app will have potential to communicate as Walkie-Talkie with other android devices using Bluetooth, Wifi and Wifi-hotspot.
MindMake enables parents to manage, monitor and optimize their child’s online activities
Privacy protects your files with industry-standard encryption so you can back them up or share them with confidence.  It's also free!
Interactive Speech recognition tool; 100% customize towards individuals weekly school assignments - Apple/Androids; learning made easy.
With Snoozy, everytime you hit the snooze button, your favorite charity will receive a small donation directly from your account.
Mobile App that allows you access to a certified vet 24-7 365 via Video or text worldwide
This app is for helping people ditch their boyfriend/girlfriend easily and with minimal contact!!
Make a difference - An innovative solution to encourage lift sharing with rewards for participants, organisations and the environment!
The Homework Wizards are the Uber of Tutoring!
I am creating a method and application that will allow a photo to be turned into an original piece of music and vice versa.
The Ohana Learning App will help students study genealogy, learn from their family history and produce a creative presentation.
The next "Script" App for the iPad/iPad Mini, with the language chosen by YOU.
An app that interrupts any other running program on a device until an educational task is completed.
This app will allow users to create grocery lists by scanning the UPC of an item and will also map it's location inside the store.
MemoMe is THE first location base app that will remind what is most important for you, on location, where it matters.
RDC into servers and user accounts directly from from your browser. Manage servers from any vendor all in one secure location.
A new marketplace
Ever been bored on the bus? In the airport? At the restaurant? We're working 24/7 to create a cure for your boredom!
Share remarkable places you are visiting, at a level you have never experienced before.
Think you're better than one of your friend? Well now you can "Square Up" them
An app for those who feel a strong calling to travel and explore, but are limited by money. Post your trip, get funded, pack your bags.
I'm creating an app to store warranty/guarantee information and receipts
While texting a friend (iMessage), would you use an optional keyboard that offers positive and encouraging images and words to send?
App and workbooks to prevent and treat burnout for students and employees
Enabling Fans a Secure Way to Connect with their Favorite Celebrities.
The above is a prototype for a new kind of software package that aims at splitting and combining pdfs in a more intuitive way.
Live Laugh Drink is a new user friendly happy hour locator app like you haven't seen before! Giving you the current and future HH's!
where can I find disabled parking?
“Do It Yourself Recruiting Tool” 
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.app.astrategy
https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/ast
The bus of Montreal is not friendly -- it never tells u where r u. My app can help to let u  know where u r and when u gonna get off.
Via an online platform, My Goal Mine will provide millions of student athletes around the world the tools to live a goal oriented life.
App to fight hunger by connecting restaurants with food shelters to pass forward food that will get thrown out prior to expiration.
Did u know that the best places in town are just around the corner? Visitalia Mobile App: choose BETTER, choose CHEAPER, choose CLOSER!
Amigdala is an IOS application that tracks crime data and provides a color rating based on how safe you geographic location is.
When fighting fires every second count. Help develop an app for the Fire Dept.to find a working hydrant & save more lives.
The First Interactive long distance ride-share App designed to connect people looking to see the world.
With Social, you have all of your social media (Facebook, Twitter, Instagram etc) in one place, in one app.
MeetUp.EatUp is a sophisticated app that connects like minded-people over a meal, in a social group.
The next generation property search platform incorperating virtual rendering and allowing agent and client to view together.
Instead of sending a text or email to say hi, send a puppy.
Mood eReader is a revolutionary ebook reader for mobile devices that brings your ebooks to life by adding genre specific video & sound.
Driveway is an app that lets drivers connect up to local homeowners to get permission to block driveway, park in their driveway/garage
Venture is an app that will allow for people to share and create their DIY projects. It will be a social platform for all DIY projects.
I'm building an app to help people that are struggling with diabetes. The App is designed to monitor carbs and insulin intake online.
Award Winning app that helps children learn to read that is innovative and fun.
Help me create a series of classes to guide you in making Apple Watch apps that are doing useful things.
Never memorize another math formula again! Just enter values, and let the app do your math homework for you!
Store all your personal music and videos on Rebel. Stream it on Roku, Xbox One, Chromecast, etc. Never pay for streaming services again
Tanza is an app for your phone that will allow locals to generate income from the tourism of their hometown.
Cop Watch Live allows you to live stream video from your phone to copwatchlive.com creating instant witnesses to your cop experience.
Buying ill-fitting clothes isn't your fault, it's the designers. With Tholos, we promise tailor made clothes for all genders and sizes.
No more thinking about what to do with your day. Find activities today like hide and seek and disc golf. Meet new people & stay active.
Iter connects you with the best people to advise you in your trip, because their lifestyle makes them experts in your area of interest
Cathedral & Company will be an Application from the Yergey Library that will host classic Bible study teachings by Bishop John W. Howe.
Let's Play! changes the way that people connect to play sports. With Let's Play! you'll never be alone playing ball, throwing disc, etc
We want to build a virtual showroom app so people can try on fake facial hair before having it shipped directly to their door
Taking the QWERTY keyboard and shrinking it down to five keys.
No more parking fights! Come and take mine!
We are creating an app so that everyday people can pay for car parking through their tablet and smart phones in a more safer way.
What I intended to do is to create a Gay dating app that is all about safety first as some people are still curious privacy is numb#1
The first nightlife application that allows direct access to the most exclusive clubs in the world.
Protect & Swerve is a non-profit organization which is of in interest of stopping Police Brutality.
Join Fireside And Kickstart The Indie Social Movement! Independent, Honest, Simple Sharing: No Advertising, No Data Mining or Tracking.
Help you remember where and how to dispose anything in your house in a green and environmentally friendly way.
Location specific app, allowing business owners to supply discounts  or coupons for the their service in exchange for a review.
This app will revolutionize how knitting and crocheting projects are catalogued on iPhone and iPad.
Remotely authorize parental actions and admin actions on your Mac using your iOS/Mobile device using push notifications and bluetooth.
Albun allows you to create custom widgets that when pressed take you to the camera app, snap a photo and it will save into the album.
Helping parents correct unwanted behavior by limiting electronic interactions.
Imagine a way to watch movies & tv shows at the same time with your family and friends no matter where they are in the world.
Identify individuals with a Bluetooth Biometric(Fingerprint) App.
uReview is a cloud based tool that can be used for employee appraisals, employee engagement surveys and client surveys.
TUPL is the solution to using youtube as an artist discovery search engine.
Grocemania is the first technology company focused on the marketing and sales of grocery products and their delivery to households :)
An app that allows you to find people in your local area to exercise and train with!
ALL CLEAR uses mobile technology to communicate more safely and efficiently during a school crisis.  Don't students deserve the best?
KarmaScore allows businesses to rate their experience with a customer with a KarmaScore and share that info with other businesses
I am creating an app used for all talents and talent agencies. This app also alow the talents to find local busineses. @aaronltomlinson
Imagine not being able to turn on your TV. That is the reality for many people living with disabilities. Help change and enrich lives.
We are going to build a new App for the Visually Impaired. It will simply allow you to scan a product and hear what it is!
Seeco is a tech startup dedicated to approximate people. Our product is designed to offer an alternative to a culture of loneliness.
Would you let a stranger in your home? Have a trusted tradesman on his way to your house with the push of a button.
Turns your smart phone in a connected device. E.g. remote control it to play your favorite music triggered by your home automation
Black Wall St's App will be designed to connect more consumers to Black Owned Businesses.  A Marketplace, Crowdfunder and Directory!
TruEat's goal is to teach people about food to provide healthy lives.
You can listen your love Radio Stations and relax in chair
An app designed to give students a stage, teachers support, and the rest of us front row seats to tomorrow’s artists in the making.
This is a course teaching you how to write code in Swift and make a working iPhone app. No programming experience required.
Did you want to find quality service? Now you can with Eziz App. This app allows people to rate service just by its phone number!
Hi everyone, I need financing for a smart phone application. This application will help your community with coordination for services.
Splyt Easy allows customers to view their tab, split it among friends and pay directly from their phones when they wish. No waiting
Help fund the translation of our App into Arabic. In return for every £1 funded, we'll give you two Sotro in-app Credits.
GameON is an app that allows users to find and play sports/games with other users in the area.
Navigate the world on YOUR terms. Let's take control of the "mapplication" experience through user-centric design.
Rap One Nation is an interactive network designed to bring everything Hip hop to your finger tips.
Safety|Net enhances your mobile device by turning it into a voice activated fully networked alert system in the event of an emergency.
HydePark Corner offers users a unique experience whereby humane interactions and debates are revived through interrelated video beams.
A hands-on Android & iOS app cloud code course for Dropbox, Box, OneDrive Personal & Business, Amazon S3 and Zocalo, and Google Drive
Social media, Prof. network, and search engine platforms fused to create Kllabo - the social engine driving intellectual collaboration.
This is a product that is medical therapy useful to relief back,body and neck pain,  with wonderful new redesigned features.
Instant messaging mobile app for healthcare professionals to exchange ideas & news about medical topics. iOS Version.
Geo-Motive is an app which provides access to health data, rewards and prizes that can only be accessed when you reach set way-points.
The future to keeping track of how much you earn
The first ride sharing service exclusively focused on college student safety. There are no set fees for rides, just the tip.
End the confusion. The time is now for a font that communicates sarcasm in email and texts. You want it. You need it. Be part of it!
We are enabling people to live their active lifestyles no matter where they are.
99 Bottles – the beer and liquor delivery system of the 21st century. Now, no one has to leave a party – or their home – to restock.
LIVOD allows anybody with a smartphone to share what is going on Live.  Life's more fun when you live in the moment.
Lingal is a free language learning app, connecting native speakers around the world.
Selfie is a new creative Social Network with the Safest environment to communicatie with friends under 2056bit cipher encryption
Searched high & low & couldn't find an app or software to do the simplest of projects - virtually move art around on my walls.
A mobile app that saves lives!
a web-app for simple (and fast!) scoring (and time-keeping) at your poetry slam
I'm creating an app that users can photograph an insect with. Then thru process and elimination it will pinpoint exactly what you see
The Live In Letters Text Colorizer is a color-scheme reading program that applies color to each word of a text or document.
you can find a training  and a sportssteam regardless of your  of your own level, your knowledge to the area and the sport
A new social media platform that uses the power of music to represent how you are feeling or what you are doing.
Ever seen a flier with an event? An invitation in the mail? Instead of typing in your calendar, take a picture and save it as  date!
This game takes the very best concepts from many games and brings it all together in to one, addictive game.
Thriftskool is a campus exclusive marketplace for college students to buy, sell, swap, share and save amongst each other safely!
Connect to other people just by scanning their own personal QR-Code or by searching their Simplifier-Name to get their social media
A mobile app that places university students into study groups according to their scheduled breaks so they can get the grade!
Advanced Anthropometry calculation and Patient Management software for Dietetics and Nutrition Consultation.
Finally...Gay couples control an app together on each other's individual smart device and never chat without your partner w/ MEN DUEL.
We'd  like to create uber-like application but for delivering packgs. Whoever has a car can p/u packg. and deliver it for a small fee.
Making affordable housing easier to access through an app and online services for advanced searching and rental management.
MEUSU provides a fast, easy way for individuals to connect with and hire someone directly to complete a task or provide a service.
EzIX allows easy access to all kinds of reusable accessories people have, for use in different situations, with our unique algorithm!!
What if you could transfer money with one swipe? Go DUTCH.
leave message on walls of your city and let people check them in augmented reality
DiaryLog is the diary of everyone, that everyone reads and where everybody writes .
Umoji is a 3rd party system wide keyboard application with unique urban ideograms (emoji characters).
Pug is a place where gamers can go to find teams and other players to carry into their online gaming experience and climb to the top!
20 CUW students, 24 hours, no sleep will produce a functional software application that will be made free to the world! Battlehack!
“Say What” is a picture rescue system for non-verbal emergency situations which will be free to download from the Apple & Google stores
Budgeting made colourful.
Connecting complete stranger to talk, share, and listen. It's free, and amazingly private for the way you want it. Become our agent.
E-Alert is an ecosystem of security and health technologies specially adapted to operate in emerging markets
Imagine a GPS that is stable, personalized, accurate, and still FREE.
An app designed to assist Police Officers in issuing a Language Translation of a suspects Miranda Rights/Warning.
Super Car Hound, cars for sale / Listing / Social Network app. 
locates exotic and collector cars in the users’ area by GPS.
Multi-Language Digital Travel Guide on Tablets in Hotel Rooms & Lobby. Also available on Android and IOS Smart phone
Roccat is a popular free browser for OSX, many of our customers want password management.
LanguageApp
A fun connecting way, watch videos with friends at the same time in different places to send a message into the future for friends
A fully integrated social media platform that connects users with personal trainers, gyms, and other fitness enthusiasts.
An iPhone app for camping/fishing/4x4 information, locations, tips and tricks in Australia.
No speakers at a party? No problem.
Chirp Alert maps crucial data around you - from earthquakes to war crimes - for education & emergency response!
The inefficient QWERTY key layout from 1873 may still work for 10-finger typing, but for two-thumb typing? Let's do better.
This app will be the "Shazam" of language detection, rather than what song is playing.
Parse is shutting down, but that doesn't mean your apps have to as well! Help us build a feature rich one-click server replacement.
Do you find yacht chartering a hassle in Singapore? Do you wish to get rid of the middleman that pitch you a yacht charter? We can help
Education is the only tool with which we can change the world.Your pledge may Kick someone back to school.
Deine Lebensmittelunverträglichkeiten/Vorlieben passen nicht zur Speisekarte? Wir passen die Karte für Dich an - per App!
a app where your can find your job without searching 100 different job sites.
Wild Game Ranger is a mobile app designed to help users locate, view, photograph, and share where wildlife wander all over the world!
Make a movie starring you and Kim Jong Un, the dictator of North Korea. Our amazing app lets anyone make a movie with Kim Jong Un.
ItsMe chat captures the users face & transforms him / her into an avatar who will deliver the messages to their Friends & as emoticons
Swifte is a university ride-share app, which allows students to share rides with fellow classmates for a low price.
Wolf integrates location services to connect users with surrounding people who are hosting events and or searching for events.
New to the world of doing business, WingShare helps YOU share your contact details. Think of it as: Business card meets smartphone.
Do more with your mornings. Set yourself up to be motivated, happy and focused to take on your day.
We are developing the first ever app to connect the underground ballroom community in the US and around the world! We need your help!
A life changing social network to bring together those that are fighting mental, physical, & other challenges.
Throwed is a party finding app that allows a user to host/find party's all in your area.
Video Dating SnapApp
Provides a way for consumers to see live performances by their favorite artists and shows via their mobile devices in real time
Ever wanted In-N-Out at the beach, but didn't want to leave your spot with your friends? Let us handle that for you!
ContaCloud is an Android app that lets you store and retrieve contact info through an NFC visiting card provided by us.
Let's push Uber and Lyft aside and bring Omaha our very own ride sharing service!
RealID is a mobile application that will show you your real drivers license and will be fully scan-able wherever I.D is required!
BarkyFart is mobile photo sharing application.  Think Snapchat meets Petco with a dash of Tinder, but without the shame.
Peopleblast is a mobile application that allows live streaming to multiple selected end users and devices.
StallChat is an easy new app that allows you to place advertisements of first and second hand products 
and chat directly with seller.
Why spend time pushing a shovel or a lawn mower when we can!
A simple to use mobile and web app to share video and pictures to family and friends anywhere anytime develop by the community.
A flash card style teaching app to help students learn and educators teach.
Leadr is a platform that connects tourists and tour guides.
Instead of relying on the weekend Paper i have an app that i can build to be able to advertise up to the minute Garage sales
Rapid Mobile Drone Application & Content Management System.
Backend allows changes on the fly without modifying the core application.
App for smartphone and tablet where climbers will always have UPDATED information about boulder areas, meetings, competitions and gyms.
AVED (A Vote Every Day) is a market research mobile app which shares the rewards with the community that contributes to it.
Instantly Rent your Car in 60 seconds! Choose from 1000s of cars ! No membership fees!Worldwide!Your car comes to Your door!half price!
Have you ever played Corn Hole and lost count of score? This app will help you keep score with a press of a button!
An app that will transform the experience of a night out; turning the most sociable human activity even more social and exciting.
Scorch calories & fat, build lean muscle & improve functional longevity with Phyzseek's doctor-developed, high intensity training
iPhone & iPad App created by 2 average ppl will revolutionize your lifestyle, but has no $ to promote and get the word out! plz help us
Prego, A smartphone application that allows users to be in the know about certain places through real-time reviews!
We will develop GiftPrompt, a mobile app to simplify the gifting process. Users receive gift reminders and can send gifts instantly!
A user friendly app that syncs in real time with your bank and bills. It will  budget your money in a very simple customizable way.
I want to start a project about capturing moments of life in one simple beautiful platform aiming to change social media for the better
An App to revolutionize the way we tip.
Soundtracks And Scores (STS), Is A Mobile Social App Developed To Connect Creative Users In Film, Music and Content Development.
The Bridge is a social network application. It enables people to share events happening in their city.
Sie brauchen eine App, die Sie an wichtige Termine erinnert oder Ihnen einfach gute Laune macht? Dann benötigen Sie den smart Helper!
Never Let Important Social Events Go Unnoticed. This Is The Future Of Socially Relavant News Today.
This app will revolutionize the way people rent properties and how landlords choose their tenants. Reduce the risk...increase profits!
To teach the value of setting monetary goals and visually track how much time is needed to reach the set goals through budgeting.
CAPP is a tool that will protect your creative and innovative works, as well as allow you to showcase them.
A mobile application to avail security issues of the world. Where one can notify, locate and communicate with up to 7 friends.
it will also set an alarm. regardless if your phone is locked or not. great for "honey don't forget to..." and "remind me later to..."
A food RECOMMENDATION App customized to your tastes ALONE. We won't tell you try something you will not like, we learn what you like!!!
My Studio App is an app that allows music artist to store their music to be heard by major recording labels hoping to be discovered.
Mobile app that helps you when you don't know what to cook. Insert the ingredients, it will show you the perfect recipe!
Buy food,drinks, and merchandise from your seat while watching the games or concert and have it delivered to you.
Interest, the fastest way to connect yourself with the information that you need.. from those directly with knowledge and experience.
You've heard of Uber, Lyft or Curb right ? They're Great ... We're better :) and by that I mean cheaper, more reliable and faster. Easy
The Rescue Reliance provides instant, critical information to first responders who need to extricate crash victims quickly and safely.
Do you need a job or task completed but don't have the time or skills to do it? Qwik coin will help you connect with someone nearby .
A closed Social Networking App.
share live video, face talk, play games & puzzles & earn points within the group.
The APP for nurses! Allows nurses and employers to communicate directly.
"GlassiCam", Google Glass App to End a Multi Million Dollar Windshield Fraud Scheme in USA
Bringing people together on the water.
"NewBee" is designed to help new college students familiarize themselves with their new school, and connect to the local community.
I want to create a simple, but yet not to simple, cell phone application for information on bus scheduels, changes, and fares.
First TV Adblocker = Commercial free TV. Finds your personal TV-Highlights, avoids TV junk, protects your children
H.U.S.H will enhance relationships by providing 24/7  anonymous consultation. We are the "NO JUDGEMENT" zone for relationship advice.
Basically imagine a dating app where you can post reviews of people who you have dated? Like tinder but with the truth
ME$A is an app that I am developing that will allow the consumer to shop locally by using the GPS on their phones.
Vermittlung von Fahrdienstleistungen im Bereich Taxi- und Mietwagenunternehmen. Wir bieten diverse USPs, Alleinstellungsmerkmale, an.
Scavenger is 'Tinder for Food'. Very Simple to use, Swipe Left/Right to Discover "The Best Food" in Any 5 Mile Radius.
Thanks to this app you will get real time notification about dangers, events and news near you.
ImaTune lets your photos speak for themselves! Take any sound and attach it to your photo. Stop the PHOTO TEXT - Add the PHOTO SOUND.
service for all vehicle owners who need a driver at night, airport, family, valet parking, bartender, chef, babysitter with one click
I want to develop an app that for iwatch and iphone that can find the other (make it ring/vibrate etc.) when misplaced.
A church with a social media platform which connects people to opportunities to serve in order to build a selfless community of faith.
Zoobnia is an app with the goal in mind, of making your life...simpler. Having trouble making a decision? Let us make it for you.
Do you struggle to decide what haircut you want next? If so then help me get enough money to create this awesome app to help you decide
An application designed to make dieting simple by the proven method of macronutrient counting, instead of traditional calorie counting.
First open-data/source web/mobile app for helping people in difficulty in giving them what they need (food, accommodation, etc.)
Going Wine Tasting application to guide you on a wine tasting tour.
Help me build the Social App that can find your soul mate via BLUETOOTH! You do not need a Facebook account , Whatsapp or phone number!
An online community of Caribbean food lovers, sharing recipes and cooking methods as well as cultural knowledge.
lifCity will make cities interactive.
Just walk, and if you're around a monument, restaurant  or a shop it'll be the city to tell you!
Once the user completes a quiz the app would list all similar careers based on your answers so they could have a better understanding
This app invites people not to use text messages while driving to ensure a safer driving experience for everyone.
Cell phone usage while driving is lethal. No campaign has been successful to stop this practice...so cell phones need to go smarter!
An app to help people learn speeches, find language learning partners, and best of all, ask questions and get answers.
We reinvents the standard reading experience and makes it more directly relatable to the child and his or her environment.
We are here to change the way you view and use social media. How would you like to do everything social within one app?
A mobile phone application, making shopping cheaper and easier for everyone, with access to exclusive vouchers and coupons.
Uber for personal security. A peer-to-peer personal security app. An ever-present cocoon of security around you.
Instead of refreshing the feed on your old friends...go make new ones.
App that is already in development that needs funding to complete.  All donations will receive mention in the App "Credits".
Thank you
Human natures favorite past time on steroids, share your favorite people watching moments & spots, view nightlife before you go out...
BRING is an app leads users directly to their interests : product, location, culture, technology, restaurants, hotels... all you want!
SOME OF MY BEST WORK HAS HAPPENED AT THE WORST TIMES IN MY LIFE. THIS APP WOULD GIVE PEOPLE A CHANCE TO SEE ART THAT SAVES LIVES.
An app for IOS that will connect yogi in a platform where they can upload their experience, pictures, videos, and relationship status
I have an idea that will improve every person's daily life.This app will inspire people to do good deeds for others using social media
Studies show an increase of people being scammed in real life and online. With ScamLock you are guaranteed to get your money back.
I am making an cute little app to remind you to feed your pets, kids or yourself on a regular schedule.
Patient Info Net supports chronically ill patients and their doctors by multimedia and evaluable surveys on iPads.
The company aims to develop and operate a worldwide boat-sharing service where people can rent out their boat in a safe manner.
Crush Your Fantasy Auction Draft!
Conduct series of technical trainings for poor bright unemployed youth victims of SuperTyphoon Haiyan in the Philippines.
Goal: design an app that tracks and encourages healthy nutrition without the triggers of calorie counting, measurements, or weigh ins.
On phone app to send and receive encrypted messages.
Stock up to date
Le commerce de demain, c'est nos artisans.
An app that will allow restaurants to learn about the specific tendencies and economic trends of their particular industry easily.
An app to help you beat your masturbation problem!
Local - Long Distance - Tour
Your destination is just a touch away!!!
I'm getting my E.M.T. certification trying to figure out how it works so i can wright an app to give 911 as much info on a call
The next best social media app.
A system, computing device and method for authorised 
secondary user authentication.

**Patent pending AU201690028**
Hôteliers, reprenez la maitrise ! eLodge est votre solution "clés en main", avec un tarif simple, équitable et tout compris.
Let our new help application for women grow and improve, be part of our new project and make it count.
A new mobile application that allows you to find people that you have met but didn't catch their name from a photo “Selfie “only.
I'm creating the next social app directly based around cooking and sharing experiences in the kitchen. An app were you can post and fin
Creating articulated toys (or any object) with the capability to respond intelligently to input from smartphone or tablet via bluetooth
Find Your Self a Car Pool "Lane Buddy" as Service

Reduce your daily commute by being in HOV lane all you need is Lane Buddy.
A crowd sourced personal errand service.
We have simplified a way for users Save, Share and Use their Membership Cards, Gift cards, Receipts, Coupons from their phones.
SAID IT FIRST is an app, that allows you to share original quotes with the world while getting proof that you were the first to say it!
Lookin for someone to go on a 9 season binge on Netflix? An app that matches you with someone that likes the movies and TV shows you do
I'm creating an Michael Jackson App that shows all the places he went in this world, so you can visit them to!
Matches you up with people of similar interests. Find your next best friend!
Tour the World will offer locals a chance to show their hometown to travelers and provides travelers an inside view of a foreign land
I would like to develop an app that makes team shirt building and order simplified to just one touch of a finger
Get the phonenumber of all the people that have your number!
Make designs on your facetime friends during your facetime call or draw designs in the back ground or design together.
This is a company that backs a website and cellular application that matches models with hiring agencies, as well as an a
Becomes this old second mobile that you do not use, on a security camera with motion detection.
An app to remind you & record adverse drug reactions into your family's drug database, helping save lives and money.
ClipOn is your new app for everything about indoor and outdoor climbing.
Spellcaster, a world-wide literacy educational paradigm shift in the making.  Truly, the future for GLOBAL dyslexia & literacy is NOW!
Slimming Tracker is an app to help people on weight and food management programmes.
Groceries, food, and goods from any vendor all delivered from the touch of your smartphone. This is Gopher where everything is to go.
This Campaign is For Earth, For Plants and Animals, For Us All.
An all in one Property Solution App for Property Preservation Contractors and Construction Contractors.
LotusCube Platform Helps Business Owners Connect with Customers Effortlessly Using LotusCube SpeedG Business Global Community
Helping athletes get the most out of their footwear. The Tread App allow users to visually document the wear and tear on their footwear
This app will allow us to create our own personal emojis to express feelings and thoughts using our own faces and expressions.
Cyber bully has become one of the biggest cause in children suicide cases. Please help me put a stop to it and save our children.
VRHomebox is a 360° multi-user desktop for virtual reality. Stop taking off your VR headset and start experiencing real VR.
Offeria: The offer utopia!

Offeria is a free and unlimited virtual marketplace for local goods and services bids and offers.
A MOBILE LOCATION BASED APP.  Enter your needs and problems in life, your skills and profession. and get matched to trade aid for free.
Host/attend parties & events around U! Meet new people @ different events & form UR ultimate entourage! Comimg summer 2015! #NowWeGo
Interracial Match N Chat dating Mobile app for the interracial dating community for every culture and race.
eMotion will be a platform of everyone's emotions. It will help overcome the major obstacles of emotional minds.
Know before you go! See your favorite local hang out in real time. Redeem specials and stay up to date on events, specials and deals.
Daeit (|deɪt|) is the helpful kid on the dating block where users are predominantly matched based on shared interests.
Imagine a 911 app activated with a phrase. Sometimes situations occur that we can not reach our phones and we are helpless. Not anymore
Our app will permit US ex military Veterans to provide Roadside Assistance 24/7.  Backed up by most insurance companies, now you!  VOB
Foreningen Nydansker vil forny vores Højtidskalender-app. Den indeholder datoer og beskrivelser af seks religioners højtider.
Participate in the startup of a money transfer application designed for Haiti. Help eradicate poverty through safe money transfer.
Lantcing Inc is seeking funds to create a lie detector app that will work from your Android or Apple smart phone.
Why spend several weeks of chatting on dating site to go on a date and find out it was not you?
App that lets you create or find social activities you love or something completely new while getting to know new groups of people.
This GGJ Selfie APP is about "You" only "U" your academic/lifes achievements, where? Where else, "On your GGJ Selfie APP".
I would like to create an app that all delivery drivers could use so that they can contact the customer without picking up their phone.
Receive an alert that you are 500 feet from a store that contains items on your or your friends' wishlists! 
https://invis.io/K44V5TDBE
Create mobile applications and games for iOS, Android, Kindle Fire and Windows Phone without any coding required.
We have a vision of making our app useable, to fill needs for studying and making it easier for children in middle grade school.
Help raise awareness & team up with other activist's to make a global substantial difference. Change the world today.
An App that will allow individuals to advertise work they need completed by skilled labor. Uber for tradesman.
This is an Application for smart phones. It's like the Google for doing social-sporting activities. Help us to create this mood market!
Smart watches use accelerometers and heart rate sensors to track your fitness... use the same tech to track your private workouts...
A free app that gives everyone instant access to unbiased financial info without being sold a product or service.
Go Walks is a travel and fitness app android and iphone
Key feature is the ability to use, create and share personalised walking tours
Screen Paint is a painting app that displays Warhammer Sigmar/40K, Lego and other models in black and white and allows you to paint it.
Would you like to play games in a MOVIE THEATER? Fund me and I will get an app made to use VR to make it happen!
The best way to say, OMG I love that, I just have to have that, so just snap a pic, and app will search any and everything on the item
We want to make styling easier than to go into the local clothes stores. With our app you can create your own style wherever you are.
Zipcast is the future of castng and wth your help will become so much more then just an app, go to www.zipcast.io for more information!
An app to connect outdoor adventurers for Hiking, Kayaking, Surfing, Sailing, Snorkeling, Mountain Biking, Paddle Boarding, and more!
Phone usage in vehicles is killing 1000s of people every year.  Our goal is to save lives with our app by elimating distracted driving.
Stream and listen to announcers you actually want to listen to while you watch your favorite team
The #1 app to practice languages anytime, anywhere, when you want with native speakers
Seeit !, pour partager ses photos en temps réel avec le monde entier
Un fait divers, une rencontre imprévue, un événement, un paysage
App that requires patients receiving controlled substances each month to take a picture week 1 and week 3 and send them to their doc
Hi everyone!
My name is Pablo and I'm an entrepreneur. I present this project to make a new program for the business management.
I would like to start to develop Jibo applications called "Skills". The Java based SDK becomes available for developers in Fall of 2015
People need help everyday and many others are looking for work. Ox Knocks fills that need with a simplistic tasks bidding system.
Hanzo makes it possible to hire a student to do tasks and chores for every occasion with just a few tabs.
the 1 first app offering tours for travelers in various cities around the world. We pick you up and guide you into town.
This app helps in times of grief. It's based on Cognitive Bias Modification and trains your subconscious to choose the positive.
Whatever you do. Wherever you are. Start earning money by doing what you love. This is BunDem!
This would be the Word First Private P2P messaging App. A unique system that no one can, track, crack, hack or discover your messages.
Mobile app which translates speech/text to sign language and allows everyone to communicate using sign language raising deaf awareness
Whosthere syncs with your social networks to let you know if any of your Facebook friends are nearby.Find friends where ever you are.
The BEST Nightlife Service! Our mobile app provides access to the best of Buffalo's Arts/music/food/drink/sports/gaming and much more!
Even though most of what we see, hear, read is bad - people want to see good. They want to feel good, they want to be part of something
Do you like parties or free buffet ?
InaugurApp is the first app which lets you know every inauguration party in Rome!(FB InaugurApp)
Have a Motorcycle? Earn money with Motoriders APP in your City or Moving Fast and Quickly at trafic with low cost in 2 wheels!
Stock Grader Pro is a personal stock analyst in your pocket, with automatic grading, valuation, projections, data, graphs and news.
Help each other and make the world a little bit safer. SecLife - for more security in everyday life. The social safety network.
I am wishing to start a bussiness around free applications and games for mobile devices.
Drake knows how you feel.. and now there could be an app for that! Enter an emotion and get a Drake lyric that encompasses it!
What if you could join a social networking site that allows you to connect to people in each city on live feed and get real time info?
The HiLandeRx application is a Proximity Based Social Service to find and share Recreational and Medical Marijuana on a new level.
Our project is based on creating a board sign of augmented reality where people can interact daily.
Single? Queer? Looking for a date? Just use the app.
Wait, there is no app? There will be!

Any gender, any label, any color.
Soon.
Deactivate kills any anxiety that comes with stolen credit/debit card info! We take care of the stress that comes with cutting cards!
Fitness app that simplifies "counting calories" into a science.
Help bring new technology to college campuses to make them safe for everyone!
Wish you had your favorite sports call as your ringtone? We'll bring you the best historic calls and fan favorites for each team.
With this app and your location - meeting new friends, finding events and stores near you has never been easier!
Enables DoD members to provide safe and reliable lodging for personnel transitioning to, or from, another base.
The worlds first opportunity to shop for Insurance on your terms.
Agents using our system have saved people upwards of $1000 per year!
Ever considered checking into/visiting a new place and later getting LOST! We are here to HELP!!!
Pictures, sounds and vibrations are matched.  There are one, two or three combinations of pictures sounds and vibrations per button.
An app that will change the way you listen to music. This app will bring what YOU want to listen to, to the host controlling the music
STM is music streaming for the social generation. Create a stream, add songs to the queue, and wait for the world to tune in!
Pre-Sense is a super localized real time dating app.
A mobile app that combines all your favorite Social Media sites into one comprehensive, beautiful and easy-to-navigate timeline.
Crushh is an Android app currently in invite only closed beta. We'd like to make it available to the public.
A trading system free of cash where users can trade their home produced foods, products and services with other users goods.
Creating the most simplistic yet intuitive Fitness Log with an option to share and connect within the Fitness Community.
A powerful tool in the fight against childhood obesity!
An fun gaming app that lets you put yourself or anyone you have a picture of into the game and have fun playing as them!
The Kidnapped App is there to help save your life in the event you are threatened or abducted.
Exposing High School Athletes to College Coaches through a social media platform. Because everyone should get a chance to be recruited!
Finally, an App that contains the happy hours at every bar and restaurant in their area so that no one has to go broke again.
Hotel booking app that will let you search globally for Green Hotels. My app will display all hotels and filter for Green Hotels.
Mobile software application integrates with music streaming software i.e. Pandora, iheart radio, etc., by searching the net for videos
FRAUDSHUNTER is a website and free mobile app for 100% protection against frauds and other kinds of money, time and nerves loss.
Austin, TX may be losing Uber and Lyft. Warp is a ridesharing company in which 25% of the profits will be given to local non-profits.
Highlight: The ultimate sports social network app unlike any other. You don't want to miss out on this.
Taxi rideshare and social app. Arranges rides before taxi is called. End Surge Pricing and Prime Time charges. Cuts emissions up to 66%
A communications app to bridge the barrier between nations
Putting U into film crews.
Uber charges a lot to their customers and drivers so I want to create a mobile taxi app to benefit my customers, drivers and myself.
In a world where mankind is nearly extinct due to a zombie outbreak, cats rise up to save us from the dead.
Finally an app for all the daily promotions of pubs/restaurants/nightclubs/shows etc in your city or any city you are travelling to!
A app what helps people in tough times with little food decide what they can make for dinner depending on what they have on hand.
Favor is a social net to deliver and to receive favors, at any time and anywhere in the world.
Knowing when a parking space will be available nearby is very handy these days...
The ultimate App to input events like cameras, RBT, fuel prices, truck inspections, and will route your trip based on these events
Polar allows you to save your energy for when you get there!
PartyRadar is a future application for iOS and Android phones that lets you post/invite/request people for parties
A social network app that allows each user to customize their profile. Set colors, fonts, music or videos for others to view.
Tracking your fellow dog mates made easy.
School report is a free app for parents to use to help them choose the best UK Primary/Secondary  for their child's education.
A new simpler way to find and advertise jobs near you. Open JobMap, click a pin on the map, click apply.
in few clicks you can call a person near by to get a hand with lifting heavy object or cut the grass or wash your car or many more
The simplest & most user-friendly global business mileage app, you'll never need write down, key or enter your business mileage again.
Access all of your cloud storage in one application. Twyne independently manages your files, no matter which storage provider you use.
The Fire App is an app that turns your cell phone into a Smoke Detector and an Anti -Terrorist Emergency Alert System that saves lives.
MyRideTrac: Mileage and cost tracker designed for rideshare drivers.  Think Uber and Lyft.  It Pays to Know Your Costs!
Using GPS technology,it connects creative agencies with the available talent closest to their office.
Our app gives the opportunity for every driver across the United States to get quote when and how is convenient to them. Simply, click
An App that will allow shipments made in a delivery time the consumer will set E.G. 2-4pm. No more missed or stolen packages!
Its a app that will go on any phone. It will besble to be used for shy prople who are scared to approach people on their own.
College Social Network centered around simple Digital Bulletin Boards to post & find events in your area - your social life organized.
Have you ever wanted to go to your favorite restaurant but you didn't want to go alone? Who's hungry is here to help.
Let's Eat Out was designed to make finding a great deal a simple and social event. Easily find lunch, dinner, and drink specials.
TextWyze is an app that informs parents and offers teens protection from the dangers of texting and driving.
This app will connect drivers with people who need a ride in British Columbia. No more waiting for cabs!
Aggiesland aims to be the central source for all student and campus related activities. BrownBoxWorks wants to leave a legacy for A&T.
Are you looking for events nearby, this app will notify you of any local parties or events open to mutual guests.
Download images and videos on Instagram and follow secretly users.
Stop being who others want you to be and just b.u.!
I am creating a Unique Fashion App for fashion designers and businesses to potentially become recognized in the Fashion Industry.
I am creating a materials brokerage application for contractors/consumers.
A free Cleantime Calculator for Windows Phone. With virtual badges bassed on the N.A. formula.
Where ever you go, rest assured, EyeProtec has your back.
grocerEstore, ultimate convenience in grocery shopping. Make money shopping or have somebody shop for you. The Uber way to shop!
i plan on making an app with a massive database of plantlife/wildlife that can identify and describe anything you take a picture of.
FREE & SAFE Social Network, eLearning, and online activity system just for kids ages 3 - 12 & is fully administered by parents.
Created to demonstrate and showcase the latest technology products emerging out Los Angeles’ technology ecosystem, Silicon
Beach.
Rewind to Remind. Rewind what's been happening on your screen and remind yourself about the work you've been doing, in case you forgot.
POPYULR is a new app to list all of your social media accounts on one page! Great for personal or business use. FREE, on the app store.
Catch that phone thief red handed. Better features added over the basic apps that exist so you're sure to outsmart in more ways.
dRyver is in service of finding personal chauffeurs for families, elders and when in need (drunk etc). Market size is $10-60BN. Hurry.
Project is to develop an app for the Iphone and Android phones to help bring "Peace in the world now"
Have you found something and can't find the owner? Ever lose something and don't remember where? Found IT!
We all have friends.  Those friends want to help.  Let them answer your call to action!  Think: LinkedIn for dating.
This app places all of your social media accounts into one app! It will be easy to use and have a very friendly interface! Please help!
Free iPhone & Android application listing by category the selfies by its users worldwide.
I want to design an app that, at a touch of a button, brings pharmacists and patients together through messaging.
This will allow users to find the correct match not based on looks but rather based on compatibility with the game of black jack
Develop a revolutionary mobile social media application for IOS and Android.  The proceeds will help veterans and the youth.
Our lives are intertwined with the lives of others. See the story of your life as told not only by you, but also by your loved ones.
presence is a 360/VR is a simple social network that allows users to see different parts of the world through 360 photos and videos.
Our app has a wealth of communication features! Your funding can help us take it to the next level by connecting the world via 1 app!
The Family Fridge is an application that will empower you to regain control of your family's busy life.
The first of it's kind, combining music playlist battling with your friends and followers to compete for all bragging rights
Limitless! is a game/app that will turn your life into a never-ending adventure! Get the woman of your dreams, fast!
By using KitchEco, grocery shopping will be easier, and every user can access an overview of all the food in their kitchen very simple.
Gym Meet - an app to match you with other members of your gym; an app that finds you a workout buddy; an app for the health-conscious
Copy a Link to read later, but never read it due to lack of time. Well now LISTEN. #YesListen. Information available like never before!
Start a picture, send it away. A random person in the world gets it, adds a little ink then keeps it going and going around the world
We are halfway there - Help us out! New guide-app for music, culture, festivals etc with live stream, pictures and reviews.
Hopnoot is a fun app that will allow you to share your car to different locations and save the environment, all at the same time.
DateFlare automatically alerts your friends or family if something goes wrong while you're out on a date.
An inexpensive solution for real estate agents to help be their 'virtual assistant' for respond to property showing coordination.
Par-King Application is a mobile application that is designed to help vehicle owners to locate their vehicles.  Fast and easy.
At XIKIXI, you will find all Products & Restaurants that can be delivered at your exact location. Compare & Buy!
The Janitors APP is the most efficient tool for managing and maintain the health, safety, and cleanliness of a Childcare facility.
LUX is an app that will fundamentally change the ways of buying/selling in the city. You will make some cash too! (dunsmuirdesigns.com)
A mobile app prototype in development that gives businesses collaboration opportunities that they otherwise would have missed.
music, social media app. Instead of posting a pic of the song you're listening to, post the whole song from the iTunes on your phone
I intend to make an App for iOS and Android for playing tons of music videos on Youtube without having to leave the app open!
An application that allows you to update your status and share photos on Twitter, Facebook, and Google+ from a single application.
Mobile App - Request to have your grass cut from your mobile device.
I wan't to build an App that will allow you to converse Live using FaceTime Video with people that are available. Find someone to talk
The App that will integrate all your online information into one account!
The app will change the way people buy online. Online is the future; the future is NOW
KenColour will allow visually impaired people see colours - always, always correctly, and always by themselves, free of charge.
MediChart Connect was created by a couple that needed to have access to the other's medication quickly in order to show the doctor fast
Have you ever been in trouble on what to do on a Friday or Saturday night?
If there was an app that helps u to choose and to inform...
DNA for Property! This high tech adhesive can be applied to all types of property so police departments around the country and identify
Simple timer for in between sets at the gym. Tap once to end set, hold to end exercise. Then enter how much you lifted for next time.
The perfect socialite tool for the wealthy and the poor, linking money with mischief and people with profit.
A mobile app combining social media & exercise. Create a profile, enter your fitness levels/goals & find workout partners in your area
App to guide electric car owners on low charge to private houses with solar panels that can be used as an emergency charging points
A simple to use, database orientated reservations diary to manage daily bookings and repeat customer information
An app for gamers that it will be a virtual flea market for users trying to buy and sell, getting the best deal based on proximity.
Have you ever had a problem picking a place to eat? 
Can't agree with friends or family on just one place to eat? 
We have good news!
This is it : une application permettant de détourner les musiques les plus connues et d'envoyer photos/messages vocaux drôles.
AN APP THAT WOULD PROVIDE THE USER THE ABILITY TO PREVENT OTHER FROM SCREENSHOTTING PHOTOS OF THEM WITHOUT THEIR PERMISSION.
The App would be a cloud based virtual digital life coach. It would be personalized, confidential, and give objective advice.
Peer-to-peer parking app allows commuters to park their cars Anytime&Anywhere throughout the city.
An on-demand emergency roadside assistance app that instantly connects stranded motorists with multiple service providers nearby.
Luminite the first music synchronizing light app that lights up the party by the music it hears. Revolutionizing the way we cerebrate.
Eine App die es beim einkaufen einfach macht nur Produkte von Firmen zu kaufen die keinen fragwürdigen Hintergrund haben.
Personalized & customized  voice command GPS for commercial vehicles that is CLC friendly assuring overpass clearance and hazmat info.
Creating a fitness app that will change the way we access and pay for fitness all over the world.
Pompeii Touch, the first app to reconstruct ancient Pompeii in 3D!
Muddle is a brand new social networking app. Users post a question or a topic and get video responses in return, loads of them!
Uscout Athletics is social media & sport recruiting tool for the athletic world. Upload & share athletic and fitness talent for free.
No more Newspapers. Find what you want or sale in the Agricultural industry at your fingertips. Also can be used an advertisement app
Slidz lets users choose pictures from their device, ad transition effects. Spinning, flipping, crumbling..also ad music to the Slide.
Social media fitness website/app. Allows users to upload 1min. videos of exercises and recipes/meals for other followers/users to view.
The app will alert you if it detects you have fallen skiing, if you don't respond it will notify your emergency contact immediately
Revolutionary iPhone app for cruelty free shopping. Join friends in purchases, get coupons, see brand's new products, and help animals!
Disruptive Innovation = anywhere.cab worldwide p2p gps direct dial taxi app with no  middleman or download #SurgeProtection
Cryptographic Proof Of Production is a method of inferred identification using BIP32 compliant public master keys.
Did you know that 100% of smart phone users regularly need to do the toilet?  I want to capture those bored individuals with chat!
It's Friday evening, youre in an unfamiliar city, your friends are not around but you want to have a fun night? FPE is the way forward.
'Anti-smartphone-addiction' app - analyse your usage pattern-create  personal character of you(Avatar) which will be the app interface.
Hate repetitive commercials during your favorite conservative radio program? Interception app tells you exactly when to unmute!
Did you ever want to tell someone that they are a horrible driver? Did you ever want to tell a neighbor to keep it down?
Organize, pre-sale your Rock Gig, sell'it to a Rock club and start to play!
Using app technology to stop the 22 veterans a day suicide epidemic.  Distress soldiers and veterans can connect via app for help.
The premier marketplace for Startup marketing advice and mentoring. We help Startups and marketing professionals by connecting them.
Online application dedicated to educating, hosting, and showcasing  all things sports in a fully decorative space alongside an avatar.
We all need a Rebound, right!? Mad<3ie assists thoses getting over a break-up or anyone that has gone through this tough time in life.
An App that sends an alert to your phone if your partner uses any of the keywords that you choose in texts, whatsapp etc..
CardFolder - Mobile Application. 
Exchange, Forward, Search & Save your Cards online. 
Advertise & Expand your Business.
Your personalized alerts to savings and directions to the on sale items in the palm of your hand.
Plan-et is a new map based, GPS location app for Web, Apple iOS and Android that will change the way you look at the world...
This app is going to connect industry people to events, jobs and even careers!! Not to mention finding the hottest events in your area.
Crest is a smart phone app providing community college students a  social platform; students can also buy, sell, or trade text-books.
I am looking to creating an all singing all dancing app for carp fisherman
Yappit is an online Polling platform that wants to create the next big Social Interaction platform based on the natural need for people
When you have doubts about buying online, you can check if the profile is in our database, in order to avoid unpleasant surprises
I am raising money to further my mobile app, social network. It is currently in development and holds an assured due date of 9/16/16.
Going Later™ is an ad-free app that allows you to make plans and create events to share with friends, family, or the public.
This innovative Flight Booking App will satisfy your wanderlust! Be Spontaneous and Join the #FlightLife!
A mobile app that allows you to search the exact value of any pair of sneakers ever released also buy/sale sneakers at best Price.
Hype Telecom is bellen zonder abonnement. Zeg ook nee tegen providers met hun torenhoge kosten en download onze nieuwe App. bespaar 80%
ECardz is an app that allows users to send electronic cards  and gifts to their friends and family on their special day.
Create an app where folks can find locals, hook-up/date and provide feedback/ratings for those they met. Similar to Tinder, but better.
Virtual Funny gifts and Fresh flowers delivered directly by your mobile device!
Versión IOS de Shikoba App, la primera red social de proximidad,  escanea y haz nuevos amigos allí donde estés, chatea y diviértete!
We are developing the next generation of smartphone tech that will improve safety for all people working on construction sites.
Thumb War is a social network that allows members to compete for rewards based on the popularity and frequency of their posts.
people will enter their info into the app and it will generate a customized workout program AND meal plan
This will be an app that allows users to see how many degrees of separation they are from other users and high profile figures.
True Cost will be a phone app allowing individuals to scan products and receive health, environment and social product evaluations.
One api to connect the home and garden.
This app notifies you the instant your audiojack/ USB/ hdmi ports become power disconnected. Plus new innovations to get it back
App for find or report, the exact spot where there is a homeless, who report can even write detail:need food, cover etc
Help them easy
This app will pull all the details from your phone once you click in a range of dates to remind you what you did that day
Well this app will notify you when your car alarm is going offwith an alert to your mobile device
Flikbots allows you to send out your own programmed personal search-bots to find the brands/items you want at the very best prices.
Create your own face design on normal emojis
Imagine using one app to find a person not salon for a Salon Services and they will come to you to do it.Them2u Salon Service on Demand
A universal app that can show and track all kind of external trackers, tracers, wearables and phones retrieved from an online url
Die App ist die moderne Variante auf den guten alten "Willst Du mit mir gehen" Zettel.
Meople est une application mobile de mise en relation entre les voyageurs et les locaux dans un pays étranger selon plusieurs critères.
Don't be caught at your event in the same dress!
Be among the most sought after employees in your field with proven skills & let employers find you for growth jobs.
Imagine being able to remember your dreams. Remember loved ones, travel, fulfill fantasies, etc. Help me give this gift to the world!
What if you can take a picture of any math related problem and MathPic app can solve it for you, give steps on solution and example.
App to provide places to lay and sleep with just a click. 
No reservations, No deposits, Sleep and be on your way
You win,Tenant wins
Tellapp is an App for free that combines any tool for our daily communication such as telecommunication, chats, video chats etc.
Now with the push of a button just like UBER you can have a home repair professional arrive at your home the same day.
With PokéLogs, users can share photos of discovered Pokémon while navigating to and from the GO app using our built-in feature.
To provide new and existing drivers with all the advice they will need to get on the road; from lessons, to car and insurance purchase.
ufo.guide is mobile application and research platform for all things ufo, weird, and paranormal.
This app technology will help the transportation industry ship hazardous materials safely.
WORDS create the realities in our LIFE.  Destiny Apps will Encourage and Inspire you everyday.  Motivation has a new name, SPEAK LIFE!
FMN - a smart photo with a secret code! Scan the coded photo to get updates or send greetings to your friends in the photo! Cool!
The pursuit of happiness is a lifelong goal. Why not enjoy and make it as easy as possible? Find & stay happy, we'll show you euphoria!
social survey, statistic and dating service where users share content for others to agree or disagree with and connect when desired
Tired of having to struggle finding basic products?I want to make a GPS guidance application that will take you to your desired product
Platform that connects pet owners with travelers who take care of pets for FREE in exchange for living accommodations when they travel!
A new word sent to you every day. Choose what time your word is sent to you and expand your vocabulary at a pace that suits you.
Rediscover your old photos. Type "that time I ate dinner with ___".
Save money and time!
Share, sell and buy the services to save the everyone's money.
Found a honeybee swarm, but don't know who to call? This app lets the user post the GPS location and picture of the swarm.
A new App to geolocalize anything around you, buy tickets, find directions or any useful informations about what you are looking for.
I would like to develop an App that blocks Texting,Social Media and all other distracting features of today's cell phones while driving
A new Social Networking Mobile Application Connecting different people across the globe
An advisory app to help young women to prepare for a night out, have fun and stay safe, and finally get back home safely.
I'm developing an app that lets users upload pics, and other users vote which is the best.  Make your profile pic your best one!
My dream is to run a successful media publishing website, the site is up and running but we need an "App for that"
Fitness coaching with personalized training routines, diet and supplement advice, and message support through one convenient app.
The object of the game is to fill the banana rack with fresh bananas as customers try to buy the bananas and replace the old ones.
The cross platform app that allows communication between laptops and mobile devices with friends no matter the operating system.
Imagine being at a football game and being able to jump in a chat room with either everyone at the game, the home team, or the away tea
I want to design an app thats shows where magpies are nested and there usual swooping zones as they are known as territorial birds.
Making lists, looking for deals and coupons, and at the end shopping! All of these actions in 1 app...
This app will help you get healthy & affordable snack right at the gate when you Fly!
Permettre à un automobiliste de stationner dans des zones reglementees et de regler periodiquement le temps payants
Expressu allows you the caller/texter to control your image and ringtone on the other person's phone!
'Pin It' works on one very simple yet hugely challenging premise, that the answer to every Poser's pin is a location!
PORD-Engage Fraternities/Sororities to facilitate and promote their community engagement plan, They will be judged by their objectives.
I'm creating an app for smartphones, to recognize animal tracks via pictures, and need a computer program, and some hardware.
Jewish social/coupon website & app
A mobile app that will allow you to connect and communicate with people in your immediate area in a unique and awesome way!
A double/group dating app to help find love without being scared to go alone to meet someone new or the awkwardness of the first date.
Develop/market an app disabling a smart phone's features (less 911 calls) when 5 km/hr or greater motion detected while car is moving
Create and share your MUZIC videos world wide.
We at Entangledstudious ™ are working on a new revolutionary way to share your personal fitness progress with friends, family and other
Get Fit! Improve Performance ! Find Training Friends
The Unified Fitness Dashboard
Wall 2 Wall Fitness mobile app and website, find a fitness right for you!
The name of the app is MOMO Plus (My Own Memories Of) The app captures memories through video and photos.
The goal is to shut down the access traffickers use to lure and sell victims online. Using Social Media power as our weapon to end it.
Yousic's goal is to become the best allround music streaming app.
It'll be offering €0-20 memberships, mp3-flac, underground-pop songs
Vos messages vidéo personnalisés pour toutes les petites et grandes occasions de la vie
Being somewhere else is only one click away! Our app takes you to the places you have always wanted to go!
Businesses can post schedule openings to notify ALL customers who follow them on Ambit or are browsing for businesses with openings.
Homeostasis™ is a groundbreaking App that helps take all the stress out of health concerns while traveling!
The goal is the preservation of knowledge and dying cultures through sharing their languages and traditions.
Marlin NY is a start-up tech company that developed a mobile app aimed at helping students with life coaching and guidance to graduate.
Cannabis Collective (“CC”) is an application focused on bringing Marijuana lovers together and providing fun challenges for them to try
Peerless Tutor will be an app used for finding local study groups around your college area! Beneficial for those without free tutoring!
Like it, but do not know, what it is? Take a snapshot, find out what you see!!!
Come and narrate with me :)
Simple, Easy-to-use Lawn-Based Application to benefit Aspiring Businesses & Customers Looking For Efficient Lawn Service(s).
Crowd Sourced On Demand Waste Management.  App & platform to have trash picked up when you want it at a lower cost!
An iPhone/Android application to use while encountering law enforcement.
Free food or activity for anyone who will hear what a financial advisor, or any sales person has to say.
We built ZING to make dating in real and safe!
Meeting the people nearby is faster and simple than ever!
This is a voice activated app that helps you find your phone.
quality, technology, company satisfactory, survey, money back, customer service, return, website, app,
List what you can do and search for what you wanna be done/ Gotta!
This app is a new social networking app. You will be able to record videos via phone camera and send them to your friends and family.
Have you ever wanted to share your work? Novels, comics, short films or even a mini series? Well you finally can. Welcome home.
An app where you submit your ideas for new apps, websites, computer programs. If you are selected, your IT is made, and you get paid.
Ever had a spider in your house and wanted to know if it was poisionis or what kind it was? Introducing the photo reconition app,
An innovative social media that revolves around the world of fitness. Helping and supporting others is what fitness is all about.
Know who is meeting you up for the item you are selling! Send facebook messages and meet people!
i-Chews will revolutionize restaurant food delivery using peer-to-peer service similar to popular ride-share apps.
Doing nothing. Not 1 damn thing.
Except trying to fund my Android app development.
descrizione,foto,dettagli,habitat,cibo,precauzioni e cure pesci tossici o velenosi,tecniche pesca,negozi pesca,info mare e meteo
A free live streaming website
Photo album app that can assist and engage people suffering from Alzheimer's Disease,dementia, and head trauma rehabilitation.
Have someone think of a card, And the card they are thinking of will appear in the flame of a candle or lighter for iphone and android
No other app actually CHARGES you money if you don't complete your workouts!  Talk about get fit motivation!  Ways to earn money too!
A clean, simple and powerful app that allows you to track your packages in one place, on multiple platforms.
The only real local advertising and commerce platform 16 cloud apps that work together to help local business clubs school charities
With only a daily 30 word limit, the clutter of a timeline will be no more, users must pick what they want to post.
Travel apps for people who want honest, entertaining and detailed information about nightlife, events and culture from around the globe
#VIPA - #Vip #Advisors wants to be the first web platform designed to offer the #best #luxury services to its #customers
Cipher Tickets is a "Scavenger Hunt / Game" website where users find real-world objects near their location to win real prizes.
A mobile application that turns your idle hours into fun hours.
Funding For Irish Speedvan and Checkpoint Locations Application for iOS, Android and More. Be More Than The 1 In 4 :)
A manifesting tool based on the Law of Attraction using the powerful combination of Vision Boards and Subliminal technology.
The app allows a search to be performed by items of interest, areas of town as well as distance from a potential shopper.
Integrated software capable of utilizing 3 dimensional imagery.Comparing images to www. Aided with selective keyword disruptions ie.cat
Try this Hubba Hubba Perfect Match App
A personal, fun, but social app that allows couples to explore the world without forgetting the small things in life. @memriapp
See where others are hunting in order to hunt safer and more successfully by knowing where others are in relation to your hunting spot.
App just like tripadvisor but students review teachers, lessons, exams, colleges and everything linked with this world
PartyKings introduces an app where we utilize technology to innovate the way anyone can find or host a party in a suitable way
This is an app for a family that wishes to share shopping or to-do lists via smartphone and, in the future, a "Fridgepad" device.
My app will put a very useful and time saving option at your fingertips it will simplify and speed up an otherwise tedious task
Creating a better way to date with the help of your friends. they fill out the info and recommend you to the dating world.
The first social network for Airline crews soon available on
Android with new features
Swap the textbooks you have at home for ones you actually need with the Textbook Swappers app -- available on Android and iOS.
Musicians today are making less than 10% of all money earned from their music sales. Soundplex is a platform where musicians  make 100%
App that you are able to find loved ones in cemeteries across the county and find what is available.
ParkUp is crowd-sourcing for your car! Get access to private parking spots, or rent them out for cash!
Tired of getting to campus and realizing you forgot your charger or something you need? Well, this app will help solve that problem.
Tutel is a highly organizational and communicative app which allows parents to simplify everything dealing with their children.
Changing the way you buy paint with Amazon
HEART DARTS, a new social media app that enlightens your day through custom positive messages, go to heartdarts.net
We are a mobile beauty servicing application providing services through our licensed specialists to our clients at their convenience.
Ever wanted to find out who in the world looks like you?  With My Doppelganger App, you have a world of possibilities for your "twin."
someone loses their phone they go on the site or app or call a 800 number and a providers picks up the ticket then collects the phone.
A unique web app for brokers/clients alike to truly find tailored living spaces, with enhanced criteria like a lifestyle search & more.
A ministry that will wake you up with encouragement, inspiration and a passion to change lives with fundraising for charities!
This vision is to allow the average person to make an iPhone application without any coding experience, simply by sending in an idea.
New proprietary software that will revolutionize the way you use the HashTag across your social networks.
The Hubb lets you search and stream media services like Netflix, Hulu and AmazonPrime (and others) all in one easy to use app!
Now your ID is secure on your phone. No more forgetting your ID. No need for wallets!
PROJECT.E, is a faster tool that allows tourist and locals to find out what events are going on around them in a 75 mile radius
"Hire Me" Paper resume's are a thing of the past. This app is all about the video resume to prove you are who you say you are!
Classified marketplaces haven't be re-imagined since Craigslist came to the scene. Pullbutton connects buyers and sellers easier.
App that works as a distributor, sends medical professionals, teachers and financial advisors that can visit us to our house.
Storyt will offer you a private space on your phone, where you control your moments and help you become a better storyteller.
Where did you get your outfit and shoes?
with FaceCam you can perform voice and video chat with other FaceCam users.
Are searching for local events? Maybe even hosting your own? The social panda app would allow you to do so, publicly or privately.
Enjoy scenic view's, music concerts, plays, and other events with this virtual reality traveling app.
This App will be for anyone who needs to contact the customer while driving without picking up their phone
Stunned because your fashion show, art show, sporting event is not well attended? Or, looking for free events with no source? it's here
We can improve our relationships and life by leveraging interactive mobile technology to help us manage our perspective and outlook.
The app assists people with anxiety. I would like to help them relieve their anxiety quickly and successfully by using this app!
We are a online dating startup with new technology and offline dating as a service. Help us create an awesome Dating App!
A mobile app that lets your loved ones cell phone keep an eye on them when you can't. And will text for help if THEY can't.
What's even colder than a breakup over text messaging? A breakup online, for the world to see. Post, and walk away happy.
Send friends a up to 7 seconds of a song with the lyrics that describes how you feel or any kind of thoughts or plans
Create an Icon, share it with friends, and enjoy the results. Icons is half social media, half business, and a lot of fun.
Following your favorite team on the road? Plan your trip easily with this new app!! If you try it, you will adopt it!
Family oriented app available for download on google play store. Coming soon on iTunes stores.
BROZY is an app that connects shoppers with a BROZY personal shopper who then delivers their groceries for a small fee.
Just imagine how awesome it would be if you did not have to fill out lengthy forms every time you visited the physician, dentist, etc.
Speakr is an app that will turn any smartphone into a wireless speaker and allow multiple devices to play the same song simultaneously.
Fund raising for Apps & development of our new website.
Listen college is college and parties will be parties. So why not know exactly where they are,  get invites, and go party!
Pictorial route guides, that gets you in, around and out of a building in an emergency according to your capability
We have developed an innovative way to enable multiple phone numbers on a single smart device without multiple SIM cards.
Mit unserer App für Android und IOS schließen wir die Lücke "günstiges Essen" und "leere Restaurants".
An app that helps you keep relationships strong and your life less cluttered.
An online and mobile platform for engaging the world's 1.6 billion students on Climate Change solutions & innovations.
Be your money's master, not its slave.
One deed is greater than a thousand intentions. It all starts here.
Apple Developer's license fee. GrindAge is an easy way to determine Phish members' age in days. Helpful for singing the song "Grind."
die klangkojoten app ist das radio für künstler, die man nicht im fernsehen sieht oder aus der presse kennt.
We want to create a donations-app, where everybody around the world can donate to any official organisation via
www.wesaveourearth.com
Help us launch our buy/sell/trade app.We are creating a unique app that helps our audience not only buy/sell/trade locally but intl
Quickly and securely control you kids access to popular application like facebook, Imstagram and snapchat
A simple innovative app that allows you to conveniently find parties located in your area, as well as invite customization options.
A great way for a child or adult to simply call 911 or notify family of an emergency situation. Modifiable to meet your needs.
Pantrie is the simplest and most intuitive grocery management app.
The personal growth app. Instant, face-time and IM access to a wide variety of life coaches.
Have you ever been to an estate sale and wanted to buy something but had no way to get it home? Think Uber, but hauling items.
Develop an app where Mystery Patients, Clients, and MMJ Patients can access questionnaires or other data from any mobile device.
An emergency response app aimed at reducing critical response times for cardiac arrests through use of crowd sourcing.
App fur gemeinsames Fitnessstudio-training.
Nicht mehr alleine trainieren.
Allein zum Training fahren und trotzdem gemeinsam trainieren
Share your ideas and innovation with others. Let's build a social media platform that creates opportunity and promotes creativity.
iChapters is app for creating, opening and editing ePub documents on iOS 8 and later. It is basically an ebook editor for iOS devices.
App to emergency services operator that enables your phone to provide live data feeds when in an emergency.
We intend to replace the taxi service with an all electric fleet to cut down on all the pollution, help us develop the app to do so.
myPetz is the web app meant for your pets!
Mobile Text Health is an automated Text messaging application for people looking to make a change in their in their lives.
An all inclusive dating app that doesn't hide its features behind paid walls. Completely free dating for those who want to find love.
ClothesFinder™: Like Your Friends Clothes?Cant Find those clothes? With ClothesFinder™ snap a picture, find your friends clothes!
You Matter App reminds you to make needed health exam appointments throughout your life.
L'appli mobile pour garer son V'Lib vite, facilement et sans sortir son téléphone de sa poche!
Premium Delivery is connecting consumers with the convenience of a personal delivery driver on command. Whatever you need in a flash.
The aim of this project is to produce and market an app directed at private and commercial pilots to promote air safety.
this is an musical app with musical terms and drawings also the app    will help encourage  people to recycle
International Adoption often includes a span of time when anticipating families and adoptive kids can't connect.  Let's change that!
Biliztik Sports is revolutionizing the sports app industry. Gaming, social and digital media features makes it fun and exciting for all
College campuses just aren't doing enough to maintain a safe environment for the students, and it has gone on long enough.
Cheating? Wont be a problem anymore.
Never be late again.  An app that tracks your location, sleep, and traffic to get you awake and out in time so you are always OnTime
Selling stuff rocks! "SELL IT" is the fastest, easiest way to sell socially.
It is PayPal integrated! Get paid in seconds.
Help the addict that still suffers 24/7 virtually from a social media website,cellphone app like facebook with face video meetn & more,
Me To U  the app to connect  people in your area and save people money when they go out for a good time with other users who they met
An app designed to prevent drivers from being able to send or receive text messages or use social media while driving
find the location of safest neighborhoods,business & play areas for kids.lets STOP violence virtually,
http://youtu.be/sgW91PTkK -0
Do you want to see where yours friends are? Let me help!
Be Lucky. Think Positive ! Get in mind every day a bit of news for ideas. A mobile app that give you the world's concepts by a pop-up.
Creating a Mobile App for ordinary creative Musicians, Artists, Comedians, poets and dancers. Ucreate + WePromote = BeHeard
mCard XO is web app that makes it easier to share you contact information and social media profiles to your professional contacts.
Connecting people through pictures that tell the story of who you are.
Helping you choose the Better Realtor.
HelperBeggar is an app, that will make easier daily donations, to homeless and/or people in need.
Ask questions and collect yes's and no's. uJiiV is a micro-polling app with a social twist. The mobile decision making tool!
I have an app that streams independent artists, musicians and DJs in a unique way. Independent bands will have Major label exposure.
Verification app for people to use on there project payments. Controls sending and receiving verification on funds. stops money scams
I want to design an app for both android and apple that allows you to order food from your favorite fast food restaurants for delivery
This is an APP to teach you to plan ahead for your financial future. It lets you know how much to set aside to retire with inflation.
New social mobile app helping users share and accomplish their life goals in a fun and interactive way.
So the idea is simple; Fund a new phone app that will help you build TRUE friendships with people who live near you!
Curious how much the people you text like you?
We all have a sense, but sometimes we aren't sure.
We are looking to add upgrades and necessary features to the app. What we're making will make the overall process more user-friendly.
like to have online training school where state of the art technical courses will be offered, which have high demand with least cost.
Knows Nicaragua with a touch
Tel Recovery; A readily available sober support network, one phone call away.
Athletes will compete Via Itunes app. Each challenge will cost the competitor $1.00 the winner of the challenge will be paid $1.50
Need the extra push? Or maybe some helpful advice? Or even just an open ear to talk to without judgement? This is the app for you!
I looking to create an appointment scheduling app for my own lawn cutting business that has never been used in the lawn care industry.
The ultimate one stop shop Property Management application.

A real game changer for Property Managers and Landlords.

PM made easy
An app/systme that provide cost effecive route for mutiple location vist within preset timeframe. Utilise google map and traffic data.
Tourists now explore traditional foods by a home-cook select on app, and learn host's culture, family, country on happy dining hour
This project will provide tutoring to students in an urban school in the state of California.  Tutoring is one-on-one for $30/student.
The Sup Baht Mo Jung Pai a kung fu taoist sect would like to make a video game based on its ancestors.
The Homeschool Shop app will connect the parents of home schooled kids, and enhance learning with real world resources.
THIS WILL ENABLE USERS (MILITARY/COMMERCIAL/PRIVATE) TO PILOT HOLOGRAPHIC DRONES FOR USES INCLUDING TRAINING
Nudge - the pocket life coach app
In works to develop an iPhone App for major sports stadiums and venues to show closest restrooms, food, as well as in game updates, etc
I want to raise funds for an app designed to maximise participation and inclusion as I believe social media is under-utilised
Stop texting and non-hands free cell phone use in cars!!! An app that would allow parents to stop text driving by kids.
Pet Share - mobile app connecting pet owners with people living nearby who love pets but can't spare the time or expense of owning one.
one for all
all for one





the goal is to create a support network close to home
to bring together the skills of each
Designed to connect local artists and facilitate through exposure their discovery for those looking to book someone special for events
Feel more comfortable at work with PressurePoint: Your Personal Ergonomic Consultant!
We are going to revolutionize the way people get their contractors for remodeling.
Let's make NYC sidewalk safe together
A Smartphone App that provides an easy and efficient way to verify our Policeman by badge number. Lets Keep citizens safe! #StaySafe
SbBiz is a cost effective solution to replace the traditional POS & add more values to your business
Bridging the gap between native farmers and their customers
Row A app is a hub connecting customers to hairstylists with the express purpose to provide hairstyling in home, office, hotel or gym.
PASA aims to connect individuals in need of some professional advice fast with the relevant profession on our database for a small fee.
Have you ever had a great idea for an app? With AppArc you would be provided the platform to make your idea a reality.
A transport app for people moving anything from point A to B.  Cuts the hassle and price of USPS, UPS, or any other shipping company.
MyTree es la red social para aprender, enseñar y compartir de todo sin limitaciones, con contenidos revisados y de calidad.
An App to know exactly how much of 'what, what kind & how much is needed' for your exact vehicle. Fluids, Tire Pressures, & More!
A Innovative way to Comprehend, Develop and Track your "Online Business"
Online Support for Recovering, Controlling & Living with Diabetes
A smartphone app that will allow people who have surpassed the teenage depression and who would love to help the teenagers who are lost
Integr combines multiple social networks to help you easily navigate between them saving you from opening multiple tabs and apps.
The product is "The Social Media Live TV & Radio App!" Bringing a television and radio forum to the masses!
CAS is an app that will be able to connect students from the same university and course to study/revise together.
We are going to create an Augmented Reality App to make High Streets go to destinations once again
I would like to develop a Smartphone app to order Coffee. This App will help you to get a coffee delivered to your work place or home.
A new innovative and more efficient way for students and professors to make more money and save less by buying and selling textbooks.
App which gives the real feeling of accidentally meeting people, getting in touch with them or loosing this opportunity forever...
Do you find yourself at home or work, not thinking about the Alamo? We have a solution.
Uncanny Branchez Rugby App. Have fun, sharing, gains with our future french league rugby app in english
A ride hailing company that works in the best interest of the drivers. Happy drivers=Happy customers.
Making friends is easy with an app called Cellmate fully integrated.  He can make you laugh or you can make him cry.
RoadAlert (patent pending) is a motorcycle vs. automobile collision avoidance app. A safer ride home is our objective!
We are creating an on demand platform that connects our clients with Grocery Delivery, Courier Services and Transportation!
Swan is a value added video service that venues can offer to clients for a fee.
I will introduce an app where you can pic your food, pay and decide when you come and just pic it up.
Have you ever woken up to your radio alarm and there was a song playing that put you in a good mood? Imagine that was everyday!
An app that wil get people talking to others directly around them, just by going off personal ad post and a teaser video on who you are
Connecting food lovers with Grandma's secret recipe.
Be the master.
DoorServe will allow you to instantly request pickup and delivery of dry cleaning and bundled laundry using your mobile device.
Everything a golfer of any standard could want from a mobile app!
A mobile app that connects groups of people with similar interests. Do more of what you like, when you like, where you like! For free!
Im trying to create an App/Website where you can access live video streams and pictures from cell phone users given their permission.
Get help when needed. Virtual help on your mobile device.
An app allowing members to share goods and services using a social currency called “bonos” instead of money.
Let your smartphone find work and allow work to find you! Job seeker and employer profiles use location services to make it happen!
Voorlezen aan kleine kinderen door ouders voor het slapen gaan.
Tell a animal fantasy story on this app before bedtime to little kids
« Défie tes amis ou le monde entier ! »
Avec Defy, il n’a jamais été aussi facile de lancer des défis !
Linype will connect all services under one cloud and customers can search and get appointments with best available service provider
The App will allow users to invite hoopers to play pick up and workout any time at any place.
Buddiez is the social networking. The point is to meet new and interesting people with similar interests...in person.
Spin Dating
This is a projeckt to come whit more apps people are  going to enjoy every day. Make entertainment easyer to share whit one and others.
Buy, Sell, & Promote items.  Post your item for sale and have other users sell it for you. Sell your item faster. Earn money promoting!
It is an app that serves as not to lose what is inside the luggage to the plane
Creating a comprehensive bar ordering system, order drinks or food at any location from the app.
My dream is to create this Professional and FUN game, along with my next idea to create a Voice Call Changer with awesome Features!
Tired of being in the friendzone? Get educated advices from all over the world. This app is only for hopeless romantic people.
How many times have you come back home the same day without having bought what you had planned to?
Map it - Map your journey with friends or family and get real time updates so everyone gets there on time, no more waiting just map it.
Fighting Against Sustainable Threats "FAST" Patented Application for smart devices.
App lets you book for your Manicure and Pedicure services at any Salon nearby you
Mobil App receives a digital audio signal via wireless router to your phone/tablet from audio console. Eliminates bad audio at events.
Tenants/Vacation Home Renters can rate the landlord, but Landlords don't have a platform to rate tenants.  We will change that!
App that encloses the essential songbook for the Assemblies of God in every language for every instrument.
La cocina que buscas, a tu movil!
The recipes you want, in your phone!
A N Y T I M E T V ® est App Tv gratuite.
Nouveau Portail communautaire autour de la télévision sur smartphone et tablette.
Drive War is a mobile app that allows you to report on driving tendencies noticed on a regular basis. We want you to feel safe driving!
Tired of your child not calling you back? There is a way to make them contact you before they use other apps on their phone.
Tooto is the only app which makes decision-making more fun, social and efficient. Now available on the AppStore and Google Play and Web
A Web Application Vulnerability Scanner that is FREE for personal use, and $1000 per year for business use.
A mobile app to #freethenipple
This is a App everyone will need! If you don't know where you misplaced your phone clap your hands and the ringtone will play
Boiling down the most complex investment analysis into 3 simple words.
Bum Pay will teach homeless people to think like wealthy people.  We will do this by making investment accounts for homeless people.
A global community where pet owners can share their experiences, information and help each other.
As an attempt to boost the economy's growth; post on Social Media a photo of your new purchase and “SHOW IT OFF"
In a world where family time is non existent MyGrapeTree is using the same technology blamed for tearing families apart to reconnecting
Imagine a world where you are exactly who you want to be. Lifestyle meets IMAGE. Empower your IMAGE with us. Join the movement.
This application is developed in such a way that makes it possible for every one to translate language and requests of animals.
When You Need Someone To Talk To Where Always Here For You
ValueBond 'Crowd Bonding' enables users to fund a project just by scanning or clicking barcodes. The funds are provided by advertisers.
Ich möchte eine Platform in Form einer App und als Website erstellen, in der jeder Tutorien und Tutorials anbieten und wahrnehmen kann.
Stop a text message sent to the wrong recipient.
Kibitz will be a simple app that allows you to make geographically relevant posts and comments using your identity or behind a mask.
Tag Me uses facial recognition technology to identify every person in a group photo, and automatically sends them a copy of the picture
Revolutionary real estate mobile application connecting buyers and sellers of real estate to real estate agents live in real time.
Create mobile applications and games for iOS, Android, Kindle Fire and Windows Phone without any coding required.
Your personal guide to being a gentleman all ladies thrive for at the tip of your fingers.
There is a new way to text on the iPad! Go to www.pulsekeyboard.com and check it out. Coming to Kickstarter to hire more programmers!
Pledge for love. Date My is a matchmaking site where people can help find love for their single friends, family & even co workers.
The moment when someone rings the doorbell, but you can't hear a thing w/ your earphones/headphone on. That's when you need a 3rd ear.?
We created the first datingsite wich you can meet singles by using the GPS map! Now we want to build an app for iOS & Android.
Marketplace for ethnic grocery deliveries targeting Asian, African/Caribbean & other ethnic communities living in UK and Europe.
Hangout and chat with friends using MyGroup. MyGroup is a video-chatting platform that does more! Get connected now!
Upload images and short videos to sell to other users on an auction based website directly from their mobile device.
I'm creating a mobile app for mobile that allows people to find party's and social gatherings on an Uber/Lyft business model.
A cross fit application  that will be more sophisticated than others currently available. Nutritional facts,workouts and friends!
Two University of Texas students Improving the hair-cutting industry by bringing the haircut to you.
It's here! A new app that simply allow seniors to find transportation to their destination based on their budget not  calculated fee.
We're going to create an app. To help people go out and enjoy night-life and bars in their city.
Make ordering repeat prescriptions quicker and easier at pharmacies and doctors surgeries. Use your smartphone or computer to order.
Connecting professional friends with those going through a breakup.
BYBER helps you meet new people, connect with friends and explore your neighbourhood - We want to bring it to the Apple Watch!
A personal training app, that allows individuals to fine that perfect trainer quick and easy.
New in the city? Open app Dejt and find someone near you.
Create the most simplistic and straight forward workout log. create a website that you can upload your workout and sync to your phone.
What do you want to do today? Let MyCityLinked help you find the best places & events in and around your city. Get Linked, STAY Linked.
Flagspree is a location-based messaging app that lets people exchange messages (flags) based on place and time. Messaging with meaning.
A mobile studio ready for guerrilla recording. Whenever, wherever inspiration hits -- you are ready.
"Where tourists become citizens"
I am creating an phone app to change to face of mass public transportation worldwide.
Sometimes, a schedule change leads to a meltdown. Project Hœgri visually shows autistic kids any changes to the bus schedule.
Ever tried to catch a water taxi? Think Uber but on the the water. (water taxis are ridiculously priced usually per head)
Partyur is like Instagram and Tinder for nightlife. Check out the action before you go to a club, house party, concert or anywhere!
An App to create family and friends carpools for your children's activities for groups, teams and leagues with no paid drivers
iOS and Android app for order what you what directly from the smartphone like food or pharmacal or everything. All from your home!
The only app that can share your contact profile with anyone. Across platforms, across the world, across time, you'll never lose touch.
This app is for cyclists and those who travel alone.  It detects falls and allows you to check-in periodically to say you are okay.
Developing a competitive trivia app that allows users to raise funds for charities through third party sponsors, and compete for prizes
First Crossdresser Dating app on iOS and Android. An application made to simplify ladyboys, tgirls, crossdressers dating
Healthcare Nurse call Tech is low key and needs advanced, we have the solution, Apple watch units measuring plus, stats and Alarm call
Many people access the net using their mobile phones, I want to get an App made so encrypted internet pages can be read.
Tripster is the easiest way for meeting travellers around the world, see travellers nearby, chat, meet up and share your travel photos.
BISE is a mobile dating app that empowers single people to meet IRL & to rate/exchange useful tips on hangouts across their city.
Aplicación web para la gestión de reservas de forma sencilla. Adaptable a diferentes tipos de negocios y necesidades.
Finapple is a mobile application that includes a team of trained people ready to help if needed . Discreet, anytime.
How many calories does your sexual activity burn?‏
Sextastik has the answer!

I need more budget to create the Windows Mobile version.
Finally! A way for College students & Young professionals to find the perfect ROOM & ROOMMATE via personality profile matchmaking!
Surf is a revolutionising way to meet new people near your current location. If you're at the library or the bars, Surf has your back.
PARTYGRAM is a live streaming app with a Instagram platform that shows users how a party venue looks if it's over capacity or empty
We want PEOPLE connecting with PEOPLE. We want FUN. WE want PEOPLE being HEALTHY. Help us FUND LIVEFIT and let us SPREAD THE WORD.
Hype Telecom lets everyone make the cheapest calls with their mobile and/or landline phone throughout the world without subscription
Shop and save both time and money with the Bubbleyes app, a project designed to make mobile shopping more convenient and centralized!
Our goal is to create a community where comic collectors can track their collection, network with other collectors, and auction comics.
Protect your children from the dangers of the internet. Parental Control will be your arm of security all day and all night.
Skip the hassle of going to the gas station. Have a GasUp Mobile Attendant fuel your tank wherever and whenever you want, on-demand.
The worlds #1 discussion forum. One place on the web where you can ask a question about anything, and be educated by professionals.
Driven will be an app where you can earn rewards for going into driving mode, and let family and friends know that you are driving.
A mobile app to rent anything you want or list anything to rent out. Find best rental deals in your neighborhood or anywhere you want.
An app to help even the most depressed people get up in the morning.
Trying to find a free local party?
What about hosting one, with an entry fee?
His & Herpes is an exclusive dating site for people with sexually transmitted diseases. Interactive prototype: http://bit.ly/2bHepzr
From Yoga to Pilates, CrossFit to Barre... OnePass is the perfect way to book same-day class when you find yourself with time to sweat!
All mainstream social media apps in one place. App will save space and allow user to switch in between apps fast/efficiently.
Don't you guys are sick wasting time in asking prices and quotations?! At the end I wanna buy so they should do the homewrok for me!
Cautio is a Health Care App to help care workers of agencys to their daily tasks such as , Patient Tracking, Pill notes etc
Travel where ever- when ever- and have it all planned out for you before you leave. All budget oriented.
This is a technology Start-up offering businesses of all sizes an opportunity to beta test their idea before committing huge capital.
We use Geofence tech to make it easier to meet new people around you. We allow you to better organize outings with your friends.
An app to deliver the highest rated bars, clubs, and other venues to your smartphone based on other users reviews, comments, and photos
This new Keypad will let you dial people by names or nicknames, and businesses by business names or keywords.  Register your ID today!
NoSquares - the universal event finder platform. This project is an ios/android code base that has 6 months already in dev.
Imagine an App that can scan either an existing image or bar code instantly and take you to multiple "REAL TIME"custom landing pages.
The world’s first shooting sports app, connecting shooters everywhere in competition for prizes while promoting firearm safety.
Upload and share videos here! WE are growing! We are looking to fund a marketing and ambassador program to get our name out there!
toPic! is a simple way to share and view photos in a fun swipe card format, as well as to compete to see who has the "top pic".
chuus is a dating app that will bring personality to an industry so shallow, it's being dominated by a hook-up app
Like snapchat against crime.
This is an app which will increase public safety through instant media connectivity with the police.
EazyCoin™ is a Revolutionary way to purchase and interact with vending and other machines using your smartphone.
EPIC Vegeta style Soundboard(400+ sounds) for Dragon Ball fans which allows users to enjoy, troll friends or family with fury/comedy.
The phone app signals you when you are placed first in a call queue.
Klikur allows users to create and share bucketlists they create with their friends, family and loved ones.
Ask Alex allows a person to bounce ideas/questions off of a real person - while being allowed to remain anonymous. Simple.
If you or someone you love needed emergency assistance would you want it in the quickest and fastest possible way?
BeerThirty aims to help beer drinkers find American Craft Beer in their area based on their current location.
THIS NEW APP PROVIDES REAL REFERENCES FOR PERSONALS, DATING SITES, OR FOR ANYBODY THAT YOU MEET IN PERSON. VOICEAPP  #HOFAXAPP.COM
Share memes, quotes or articles easily to your social media feed. Integrated meme generator! The official wtftrump app!
This app will change online shopping so you can see what clothing looks like on your individual body measurement before you even buy.
drivesocial smart app ® 1 BILLION friends in your pocket.
SHEET WIZARDS MISSION:
TO PROVIDE, CERTIFIED, “ON-DEMAND", ONE-CLICK, REAL-TIME, SUPPORT FOR MICROSOFT EXCEL TO THE ENTIRE WORLD.
Mit Wunschbox bekommst DU die Möglichkeit, 
viele Deiner Wünsche, und die Wünsche Deiner Familie&Freunde in Erfüllung gehen zu lassen.
The future of social networking. A feed of posts from users in your area sharing pictures and thoughts, on events happening near you.
CheekyBoo is the fun new way to interact with people nearby and gives you that real chance to meet that special someone
Test more and worry less by learning how to automate tests for iOS and Android applications as well as traditional and mobile websites.
Having dinner without wasting time? STOP the crazy research by phone thanks to Never so Fast!
GOT PUNCHED?  One Virtual Punchcard, Lots of Rewards.  Store all of your customer loyalty cards in one mobile place.
App developed 4 Apple only. Need help funding marketing, gas, signs, & android version. Would you find it useful to find garage sales?
High-tech cab car booking service where a private car to be used as cab. UBER style service waiting to take off from Delaware initially
Ground shaking!!...Mind amazing!!...volume!!
An All-Inclusive Social Party App w/ Green, Beer, Shot and Cigarette Games. A Facebook for Partiers.
An online and Smartphone based App that verifies if Child Care providers are certified to operate and trained to care for your child.
iMerchant is a mobile application to help promote local businesses and local merchants while providing a fun incentive  program.
TheBook, ThePainting, TheDress, ThePerson, TheCar, TheNews, TheFacts. Getting inspired daily.
I am working on getting a patent and R&D for a new app that can help you enjoy your city without breaking your bank.
Imagine going into a busy bar or nightclub and NOT waiting at the bar for ages!
Place drinks orders on your phone and collect!
Help make the world a safer place.  This drug test app will change lives and make the world a better place for our kids and grand kids.
I want to pay my developer Benjamin to build the Flash-code app!
So people can use Morse code to send messages with their flashlights
This app will change greek life forever! No more having to use multiple apps to keep up to date with your sisters. It is all here!
dimostrare la trasformazione dei fanghi inquinati in materiali inerti utilizzabili e bloccare i metalli pesanti cancerogeni
Traveling buddies
Loneliness needs its curing. Its a problem too big to neglect. In Europe they cut loose from society. Raendel app connects.loners
Think of it as a favour for a favour. But online.
We are You’re a Star Volunteering, a non profit organization that allows volunteers to find non profit organizations and vice versa.
Have you ever watched a movie and saw a familiar face but couldn't quite identify who they were? Identify who they are with Thespian.
Lantcing Inc is seeking funds to create a lie detector app that will work from your Android or Apple smart phone.
new social network for watch challenges of your friends and people from around the world!
Most people dislike the car buying experience, but it doesn't have to be that way. We want to create an app that will change all that.
this is an app for people who have a music interest  also need access to musical theory e.g musical notes and some common musical terms
An app designed to connect users that wish to borrow every day items from each other. Powered by rating system and insured items.
"Hey Pinzer, like to dance?"; "I have a flat tire, any Pinzer in the area?" .. location based communication .. no contact list required
An app for EVERYONE who has ever wanted to live healthy. Hands free workout routines for everyone from beginners to advanced!
A network for entrepreneurs without any connections. Make valuable connections with valuable people.
Rescue Net is a very simple yet sophisticated too. We are here to help locate lost individuals before they become truly missing.
A revolutionary new way to make real change,
Raise money helping yourself and others
Use as public character profile
This app will make you feel safe and get you where you want as soon as you need it to. We want you to be as comfortable as possible.
Job seekers/employers need a user-friendly and quicker hiring solution. A Tinder-like app can be applied in the employment world.
Locate your favorite celebrities in real time
Ocutask is the platform whereby customers and service providers exchange real-time information and updates about projects.
Butterfly is a mobile application that brings networks like Facebook, Instagram, and Twitter, all into one live feed.
It is unsafe in your neighborhood? work together as a neighborhood report any suspicious situation in a simple but effective app!
We are creating the "UBER" for fast food delivery, whether its McDonald's or A 5 star restaurant you get it with a push of a button
A Living, Breathing, Continually Growing, All Inclusive Entrepreneurs Guide to Entrepreneurship App
Search Engine APP
Chat live in the event with partiers, Send drinks to anyone in the event from your phone, Find What Events are Lit in real time
We are creating a tool to allow users to use any app on Android or iOS regardless of which it was built for. No more having to choose!
App that will alert you of Toxins in Food and Products. It is your Right to Know! The largest independent database by users for users.
The death of the "carry in your wallet" business card is close... Why spend money on something that should be in your phone!
A much powerful way of catching (and keeping!) what you are interested in at keynotes and speeches.
Classy & Beautiful Wurld App, with your very own travel spider. In-built stats help to track your progress of travelling the Wurld!
Social networking based on horoscope, friendship and dating. Find and meet new friends who are Lucky to your birth date and sun sign.
At a restuarant and can't decide what to eat? Let your friends help you out with the decider app!
Affordable & Conveinient Dashcam that everyone already has in their pocket!!!
A Mobile App and Web site Portal to distribute and deliver, EnTrance, our 300+  Library of Self help meditational hypnosis recordings.
Squarechat is a next generation social media-chat platform designed to meld our real world conversations with our digital world.
An allround app where you post pictures and video's  of food and share recipes. From snacks to healty food.
P2Pexplorer fights back-online servers giving you the security to explore the future generation of the Internet.
Open SHAG and find hundreds of nearby private locations to park and get intimate with your partner. Share your own or rate others!
To create an image-based, meritocratic platform that enables boutique fashion designers, artists, or even cafes to promote themselves.
We put our children first! Become an app tester with a $50+ donation. 
We respond within the month.Thank you for helping new parents!
Solechasers Presents: The First Sneaker Convention Powered in your hands. The Sole-Shoe Network
This mobile app lets you play music out of multiple smartphones via Bluetooth connection allowing people to become part of the stereo!
Ever go on a long car ride and everyone is fighting over the auxiliary chord? With cypher that's a thing of the past!
Let us make reader's life easy by allowing them to read all important articles/news/documents in brief with all points covered via app.
this app will turn a phone into voice,video,GPS,and time recorder.This data is saved automatically onto a criminal website as evidence.
Arkitu - The easiest friend finding app out there! Download and be connected in seconds and use our custom maps for your favorite event
SKIN is a mobile app that links brick and mortar body art businesses and events to its clients, employees and suppliers.
We want to give our supporters the opportunity to be a bigger part of our project.
Helping patients navigate their medical billing and documentation of treatment. We help you recover money from inappropriate billing
Help launch our ride sharing app for the lake.  Many boats hit the water with too few people on board.  Help fill the empty seats.
The purpose is to achieve an app and a website through which it is possible to compare price for basic goods across supermarkets
Reference Me Please - the mobile app that stores all the references you need in life. Work, Credit, College, rent references in an app.
Dryft is a safe and secure ride sharing app for kids that allows parents to schedule pickup times for their kids with trusted drivers.
Take a selfie, upload it on the go and let the world see who you really are. Not just your friends deserve to know what you are up to!
A Smart Phone App that allows for the magnifying of websites or text messages.  A small easily moveable area versus that enlarges image
Curso online para aprender a programar con Symfony2 creando una aplicación como Airbnb. En 2 semanas tendrás tu propia aplicación.
The app I am trying to create is an app that tracks how people feel and what is going on an area.
I am a Personal Trainer, my schedule is challenged by commute and idle times. I have no tools for new students to find me.
Highlight: The ultimate sports social network app
I want to combine the beauty of writing a message into the sand with the fragile experience of snapchat. The waves erase everything.
Convenient, easy way for keeping up to date with news and events near you
DRIVER BLOCKER 100% stop's all drivers from using their mobile phones when driving but allows passengers to use them at the same time.
An app for students to earn money uploading their own notes and pay to download other student's course notes. Help for missed lectures
ZZipit community mobile app is now free on the APP Store. But we need the Android platform. ZZip info to neighbors within a zip-code.
I designed an app idea that a company picked up. I need the help with funding it. The company is making the app and marketing.
A program to use GPS to locate and initiate a vibration when there are other swingers in the proximity with the app enabled.
I am looking to make the Bipolar Daze Mobile App for iPhone a reality, a free app for bipolar people to manage their lives effectively.
All irregular verbs in Norwegian conjugated.
Android App to turn your video clips into DVD movie, your photos into DVD slideshow and your voice recordings into CD audio.
A slick and easy to use App for iPhone and Android which will allow users to snap a pic of something that annoys them, others can vote.
A proprietary symbol based task/project management App that will quickly display the historical status of a task - in one place.
Let me do that for you.
The beginning of a teenager's journey to create a Mobile Application Development company.
A virtual app To help all athletes develop the fundamental skills needed to have the best technique in their selected sport (All Ages)
Pelfies is a social networking application dedicated to sharing photos and videos of animals and our beloved pets and animal friends.
Mobile application which helps you to learn fast words and expressions on many foreign languages
You will have all the funniest memes in your keyboard,compatible with all social networks, categorized "expression dance sport..."
Hello guys My name is Shane and im going to start a kikstarter to build 3 new apps! If i get enough money i will make you in the game!
Connect all your devices you already own to your new PC - smart, isn't it?
eYes on Apps in an alert system that educates parents on the latest mobile apps, and their risks, that our children have access to.
Bimp - an amazing place, where you can search through relationships, friendship, adventures, fellow travelers and companions to eat!
A crowd-sourced mobile platform for crime awareness in our neighborhood, check krime stats, set up krime alerts and sos in emergency
application de service basée sur le volontariat rémunéré
Social app showing in real-time popular venues and events, connect and communicate with participants
Within72 is a new app concept by a family to revolutionize the way people everywhere book last-minute service appointments.
The only shopping app that cures buyers remorse by telling consumers which businesses support environmental, labor, animal, type causes
Are you a blockhead?  Hate the stress of group photos, and finding a spot next to your fav man?  This App will solve that and more!
Hey guys i am creating an app where you will be able to talk to other drivers while in your car.
Mobile platform for global collaborative learning & development
Multi purpose Life app! Never Lose your phone ever! Your phone drops app alerts phone moves app alerts  you in danger app alerts
Make your Dota gaming experience even simpler than before!
A Website for Spots on a Google Earth Planet with Pin System and Frindlist you can see Every Spot on Earth via Fotos , or Videos
An app that allows businesses to find exactly the staff they are looking for and that allows job hunters to have a searchable profile
Inmate Buzz is an app where friends and family members can go to send loved ones incarcerated materials to make both parties lives easy
app that streams small ads specifically designed for the app. viewers would answer a few true false questions to get redeemable points
What happens to your pet if you don't come home? Protect your pet from accidents, disasters, and tragedies with Check My Pet!
"Wage Ticker" will be made for everyone who works, and shows your $ grow as you work. For hourly jobs when you need some motivation.
Downloading this new app will aid you to stop texting while driving.  It is the ultimate pledge to stop texting while driving.
A new, fun, exiting way for college students to be rewarded for going to class.
An app to organize and track specific data pertaining to therapists in order to increase the quality and efficiency of healthcare.
Sole Mate Date is an app that connects Sneaker Heads around the world!!!
Combine the results from multiple running and cycling applications to view and analyze your performance in one place.
Mettre en relation les vétérinaires, mairies, SPA et les particuliers pour créer un réseau unique sur la recherche d'animaux perdu.
Hi. I have an App design that will help potential customers and Tattoo artist find each other. Plus the shops free advertisement.
I have built an app that is designed to greatly reduce the police response time for child abductions.
In a world of individuals growing apart, this app finds you the perfect friend turned into your partner.
Learn how to make mobile plugins (Android, iOS, WP) for unity, developing 3 real world projects.-Video course
App For All Schools  Live stream of any events at school
This alert system would be used by the user to receive emergency help as fast as possible.
A web platform that creates a simple way to search, book and manage sessions with a personal trainer.
Space rent  is a system that covers the lease of the empty space in the luggage by plane between individuals.
The TagFinderApp will help get anything back fast through a new worldwide private and anonymous instant messaging service that's FREE!
A social App that provides options to interpret/translate calls and messages for those who can't understand other languages.
A unique App, Mobile Ticket & Events social network combo. Concerts, Sports events and even holidays will never be the same again.
Free download APP to post or look for side jobs in your area
Seat77 brings the entire sports world together into a super sports stream. The app streams image/video posts from social media channels
Posture. Mobility. Balance. Strength. Community & Awesome fitness in the palm of your hand.
Kidzy TV is an educational mobile app for kids which provides learning and entertainment videos  screened by parents, age and theme.
RidePristine is a student-run business that enables customers to have their cars washed without leaving their house.
Share your contact information with people you meet then sync it with your address book, social network, and company CRM.
txt photos & videos to your friends & family. You can also connect with locals or places you are familiar with.
Tinder for job referrals.
UOB - Imagine being able to search your immediate vicinity for persons of interest and then make a B2B connection in REAL TIME.
alikeU.com. A global network. Endless ways to explore any imaginable interest. Step into a new world, a world of possibility.
Broadcast to the world for the day or post within your community. Whether it be on or off campus, show your people whats boosting you!
SafeTyEEN is a smartphone app designed to help prevent distracted driving by AUTOMATICALLY disabling driver's smartphone while driving.
Designer Upload is an app for undiscovered creative minds to be given the platform to showcase their talent to a global audience
Message speaker announces the arrival of new Text/SMS messages. It speaks out the name of the sender and the actual message text.
2 busy 2 get what u need. Go get it has users get you items for you and deliver them to you home or office when u need them.
The first fan entertainment tool of its kind
Finally, your life in one place! Home, sports, exercise, diet, recipes, homework, kids....life!
A new mobile application that rounds up your dollar for the charities that you love creating a connection unlike any other.
Would you like to be able to boost your IQ, chat to friends, set new records and chat to people all over the world in one single game?
EMERGENCY SITUATION: A few taps of the volume button on your smartphone sends an ALERT to everyone in your community, that U need HELP!
Find the cheapest parking, closest to your seats / event, then have directions to your seats.
Create a web page and app for the local town community.
I am developing a dating app using cutting edge technology that will revolutionize the entire social media industry
Help The World without even spending a dime? An App in development, that will help the World become a better place.
The technology will be a multi touch digital keypad consisting of four digits
Any coupon with the touch of a button
Video tutorial for building flat pack products.
A possible way of producing a continuous and constant flow of electrons in a wire -> unlimited energy
Application mobile qui fait office d'une jukeboxe interactive
We utilize smartphone GPS capabilities, a data analysis algorithm and cloud computing to help people find fast, free, curbside parking.
Think Uber & Craigslist having a baby. Instantly search for professionals near you! NearHero connects you with professionals nearby.
A revolutionary social-mapping network. We want to map our earth: everyone can localize his favourite tree from app and give it a name
Like a lot of people, I want to tell the person driving to close to my back bumper to back up a little. With BackTalk I can tell them!
Squealock allows you to communicate through a changeable user ID without the need to give a phone number or other private info.
PowerMonitor est une solution de supervision et de gestion de votre consommation électrique.
Re-inventing how non-profit and research organizations connect with people for scientific advancement.
Create, Fax, Send, and Print Professional Business Style Letter online from any mobile devices (online Fax service for faxing)
Find the the people you WANT to meet, every time you go out. Real time dating, SERENDIPITY, taking the chance out of the chance meeting
This App is intended to serve as the go to hub for all you need to know about entertainment events within any state,city or locality.
An app to support your path to your real body!
An advanced socializing app. Allowing users to socialize at their current location without the pressure of the initial face to face!
Create an application at the center of a new voting system to revolutionize how our government works domestically/foriegn
A new app for tracking multiple trades at once; also to do multiple game matches and keep track of all decks, including their values.
Couples spend months finding the perfect resources. At The Wedding Nexus we match couples with vendors that meet their unique style.
A car buying app that allows consumers to avoid going into the dealership. Search and negotiate deals only by adding cars to a garage.
What's Buzzin' ?
This will allow contractors to add new customers, photos of damage, notes, etc. All info can then be sent and an Estimate prepared!
Have you ever wanted a way to post to multiple social media outlets at once? Well here is the solution! Help me get it on the App Store
Ganas de Malasaña es una plataforma que te permite conocer el barrio de forma virtual, ahora también será la forma de moverte por él.
Evaluate and grade your friends snaps with repercussions for poor or boring snaps. This is a platform for bragging and showing off.
BYE est un réseau social novateur qui vous permettra de larguer votre petit ami ou compagnon tout simplement en cliquant sur BYE ! !
iTVmediaCenter.com is a community-powered online guide, offering access to millions of movies, shows and songs. We need apps. Help us!
Copy2 is a secondary copy/paste feature giving you more control over your editing
★ Information System for Consulting Businesses ★ Projects, Time Sheets, Documents, and Reports ★ Fully integrated and easily available
Come be a part of Brain-Slam, one of only a few accepted into the exclusive FBStart Bootstrap program for promising new apps!
App based delivery on moped for the high, hungover and hungry. Eventually delivery of booze and legalised weed  An Uber for your food
A P2P application that can be used to pick up and deliver items to large to transport in a car.
The fast, efficient way to connect college students and to make college life safer and more fun.
Phone app that allows you to see who is single or in a relationship with 100 meters.perfect for bar/club situations or random encouters
Sick of these fools popping up on your feed?  NoKanye will block all Kanye, Kim, Cait and Kardashian  kontent on IOS, Droid, Mac and PC
Rate and tip anyone in a restaurant when you're not carrying cash. maybe their busy or in the back, couple of clicks they'll get it.
The internet contains too much adult content.  There are no apps that completely filter for clean content across all mobile devices.
I created an iPhone App. for the Ohio 24 Hour Marathons and need help publishing it to iTunes.
An educational platform aimed to inspire students in the kitchen while reducing food wastage through encouraging the usage of leftovers
5 Minute modeling is a application that offers models around the world there own page to get there name out and be noticed.
Buying and Selling cars has never been easier!
Find your voice!

The new AV dating app that allows you to hear the person speak before you swipe 'right' or 'left'.
To enhance the experience of tourists & travellers to the city
Financial application that manages people's debt, calculates which debt to payoff first. and automatically transfers funds.
Coffee Franz is a social media/dating application where one user brings a coffee to another user. IT'S JUST A COFFEE!!
HOBS-your Hands On Butler Service, an app that knows you better than you do. Able to arrange your car wash, dog walk, massage etc.
Gameify turns your life in quantifiable, trackable data. You day to day routine becomes xp, and you receive quests based on your habits
Booketplace is the best place to buy and sell second-hand books.
Orbit Tracker is an animated distance and speed reference for the Earth and Lunar orbits in miles or km.
A Smart TV App for home, businesses, nursing homes & hospitals focused on creating a calm environment, displaying outdoor views.
Are you in the "Place to be"! Measure the happiness of your environment, and assess your own! and be a part of HappyU...
A simple app, that allows companies to upload market research surveys to users who can participate to receive a small payment.
By  utilizing  the  present  invention,  the  user can  search  and  also  purchase  a  product  or  service  through  a  common  platf
uAlert is a true emergency response system that uses your phone's gps to locate you and send help your way. So when uAlert, weProtect!
Not the run of the mill lie detector app, it can use the heart rate of the user to determine if they are telling the truth of not.
"Eat with Ease" is an allergen detection app designed to bring peace of mind to the millions of people suffering from food allergies.
Don't get up we will bring  it to you
Bro is Yo exclusively for bros. Visit WhatsUpBro.co to download Bro now!
Dealikable is the App that caters to how you Live, Work and Play. Finding deals you want when you want them 24hrs a day.
It's an app that makes predictions about soccer results comparing previous matches. Available in English and Italian.
A mobile app that will help you shop for groceries by telling you what is healthy and what is not.
Helping fathers foster healthy relationships with their children.
An app that gives you the power to decide where to go... before you go!
Choose from a vast database of alcoholic beverages and let Alc Accounting keep the numbers for you. An accountant in your pocket.
Adrift is a social media app that focuses on tourism and genealogy! We bring net neutrality back into the users hands.
LE allows you to locate what's happening, your scene, people with similar interests, deals/events, your groups or even the after party.
Creating an ad-friendly community where everyone benefits. Earn a min. of 50 cents per ad view. Sign up today at www.moneymailads.com
The Instant Contractor will connect consumers and contractors like never before!
Let's change the way we pay for a drink at the bar.  Whether with friends or family lets not waste anytime signing checks!
The device is for protection. The sensor on the phone will detect smoke and notify all other phones in residence and local fire dept.
Each of us have in a pocket / purse an extemely powerful tool of the civil disobedience – a mobile phone! Build the Riot! App with us !
Discover the world of beer, get inspirations, knowledge and ratings from beer entusiasts around the world
I had a great sure succes app idea for all unemployed people who want to work and earn money daily!!! 
Change the idea of work.
A way to help people provide a way for their loved ones to remember who they are when they are either gone or cannot remember them
ever felt like you'd love to make some sport, but you don't have anyone to share that moment with? SPORTogether sorts it out!!
We are a phone app that allows you to record your cell phone voice mail and email you a .wav file and all your phone calls.
Everyone wants to know if they are sexy, well now the world can decide. Post your sexy pic and members will vote to decide.
The best App for online shoppers. We target the best prices for you in over 500 stores.
Going out with friends, but don't know where to go? This app that will help you figure out where to go, e.g. restaurant, bar, etc.
A Social App for people with criminal records. Only those who register and can prove they have a record can join.
Ever had a dream and think if someone had one just as twisted and insane like yours? There's an app for that, It's called Limbo
Locals and expats earn money by supplying travellers with unique local experiences.
I'm trying to create an App that will enable people who want to put Tefillin on, with people that want to help you put the Tefillin on.
An App that allows you to view open available parking spots.
This application will be a dating app designed to eliminate the stress of planning a great date night once you connect with someone.
GoQuest is a simple way to create street adventure with your own hands
ConsultMe is an intuitive app which brings consultants to those in need, including business and financial services.
The new human need that our future depends on... Bandwidth!

Imagine if anyone could be an internet provider. It's possible now.
Join Team RoboKiller, winners of the FTC's Robocalls: Humanity Strikes Back contest. Help us stop robocalls, once and for all.
Time Wallet helps you discover how you get the most out of your time. Set goals and define metrics to measure outcomes.
Space. Perception. Time. Hard to combine all three, but we're the experts. We'll help you break it down, so you're always learning.
E-commerce website designed to enable users to purchase goods at the lowest possible prices.
Our mission is simple. Provide an application for mobile using GPS/ Wi-Fi proximity location data to help families keep in touch!
The marketplace application for the 21st century sharing economy - ride sharing, classifieds, services, food, delivery, etc.
An On-Demand Marketplace & Workplace for iOS and Android devices.
Breaking news from around the world and locally in the palm of your hand. Secure, fast, reliable. Post to social media and blogs.
Get your add and agency noticed! An app for all nanny agencies and private families world wide to advertise their available jobs.
An online meeting point for people who have the same hobbies, habits and personalities to make friends in a new town or city.
Report what is going on around you, yourself. Don't trust the news trust the people. WE THE PEOPLE.
I'm creating a platform where you simply fill out a profile of what your looking to spend on tuition and colleges will come to you.
This project is intended to help smart people off all ages and from anywhere in the world to get a help in more advanced studying
Need your laundry done but do not want to leave your Hulu. Call Drop Services and we will have a driver pick up your clothes and more.
An app designed so you can see how busy a shopping destination is before you go.
We want to develop an app for smartphones that will refine the way you can book entertainment in Denmark.
It is a bot to help streamers has to perform different actions:
Vote System, Moderation Chat, Draws System ,Point System ,Song Request
Gym Point Average seeks capital for applications development. Its a Fitness Branding, Rating, and Directory for gym owners and trainers
Somos una nueva aplicación dedicada a fomentar el turismo y el transporte público en Madrid y así bajar los niveles de contaminación.
Let's get rid of paper, save mother earth  and save money- Mobile coupon wallet! Great offers at your favorite restaurants & retailers.
Because today everyone is connected, we must use this strength to transmit essential information as quickly as possible.
This new app will help all businesses document their procedures, work instructions etc up to 400% faster than traditional methods
App that will keep you in charge of your healthcare.Use your healthcare in the most efficient way. App will empower the patients.
Catfish Catcher is an App capable of detecting whether or not a dating profile can be trusted. Great for the serial dater and parents.
Everyday in EU 250000 TIR traveling unladen. With an interactive map that does meet the client and hauler we can bring down the problem
A contemporary one of a kind app that allows clubs & bars from any city to connect, promote & sell to local students in any area.
Todays camera phones can deposit checks - why not prescriptions, will save YOU time / money. One must bring RX in physically to pickup
My team & I are currently developing a Computer program that will allow anyone who owns one of its versions to create their own Apps
Study Grab is a note taking, file sharing, peer to peer educational networking software.
On a city-by-city basis, beginning with the capital cities of each targeted country, we will deliver an e-voting app for the public..
This application is still playing a game but also learning to read, right, spell, add,  subtract, multiply, divide, limitless potential
An app providing user-friendly information and services to international travelers so they have confidence to localize and stay safe.
We present an app that makes sure you always know which establishments have the ideal ratio of men to women for you.
Avec SURI4 vous pouvez voir vos chantiers sur une carte, gérer, communiquer, programmez vos prestations et voir vos statistiques.
introducing "where's my..." the software/app that remembers where and what you command it to.
This will be a different way to connect with random people around the globe. An app for the future and an app for you.
I will be creating an Electrical Certificate App in which electrical engineers can complete electrical work and record the information
Mobile application to help coaches plan, organise and manage their team.
Most dating sites cater to people with normal schedules.  Not this one. Cupidontheshelf caters to those who work retail/non regular hrs
Purli is a shopping list app. It reminds you of buying stuff by useful proposals.
The kerbstop App will help people click & collect healthy and delicious street food from a global network of amazing mobile vendors.
Be able to handicap horse races from a platform designed for mobile users. Free competitions for trips to KentuckyDerby via tournaments
SafeTyEEN is a smartphone app designed to prevent distracted driving by AUTOMATICALLY disabling a teen's smartphone while driving.
Stop paying extra fees, Here is Pay.it to make your life easier.
SYMBOL MATRIX COMPUTERS
I'm building an iOS Puzzle game, and I need your help to make it happen!
The first of a global sporting mobile app family for supporters of the biggest sports and sport clubs across the globe.
Easy to use app will help you know if your kids are being cyber bullied. Get alerts and notices to help track and monitor your child.
I-Travel is the best app companion you will need, turn your travels into a beautiful story. Travel, live it, share it.
The exciting way to learn to make iPhone apps. From idea to the App Store. In Xcode 7 Swift 2.0 for iOS 9.
Label your Car & Belongings with your chosen Street Name.
Message Randoms you pass on the Street! Get Lost Property back quick n easy!
The more you talk, the more pictures of your mysterious partner  you unlock.
We plan on developing a peer contributed app for mapping of wild apple trees wild cannabis and local plant animal species via gps. MN
It's an app messenger for mobile devices on lOS and Android where we will be able to communicate via instant audio and video messages.
The Eyewitness Security App makes it easy to protect yourself legally while under duress.

www.facebook.com/EyeWitnessAppProject
Eine App die den Internationalen Durchbruch erlangen soll!
Diese App möchte ich mit Ihrer Hilfe entwickeln lassen.
Blue Parking - Signalez et recevez des signalements des agents de contrôle du stationnement pour les zones bleues !
App qui permet aux chauffeurs de camion de choisir leur voyage et leur jour de travail. Parfait pour consolider famille/travail.
The Safe Drive App is a new app that has been developed to add extensive safety features of
Ride Share services. Cabs,Taxi,Drives
Trust is being developed4ALL individuals & Generations2build Trustworthy connections thru a spectrum that is non bias4Quick indication.
Imagine an Uber for delivering Products instead of delivering people. Order Delivery service from an app on your phone!
It's a detailed G.P.S. system that will be used for Malls, Amusement parks and Museums.
LitCircle is a lifestyle platform giving you unparalleled access to local entertainment and nightlife events.
Suicide prevention, videos beyond the grave, dealing with death, dating app
want to go boating but dont have one? this app will show people who are willing to share theirs. Fishing without overpaying.
BarScan - a mobile app that connects club / bar goers via chat & allows them to view attendance lists to help choose a venue to attend.
Making politics accessible by summarizing legislation & keeping track of how you want your Reps to vote versus how they actually vote!
Snap to Find is an easy use App for plant identification.
College Chipmunk is an app that helps millennials and students automate paying back their student loans.
Financez le premier annuaire de poche pour smartphone qui vous emméne partout selon vos goûts et un outil marketing pour les commerçant
AlertApp! is a cloud security app available from Google Play and Apple Store (iTunes) powered by the CloudeAssurance SaaS platform.
We have created a new way to connect professionals and consumers. With Bifi its easier then ever to connect, one click at a time!!!
JustMeet is a brand new dating and social network that will be coming to Australia. We're here for the everyday Australian.
Let's help people finding back to their rhythm.
The 8 Hour Diet App supports people following the most effective weight-loss plan.
Skip the Line, is an app that rewards you for waiting in lines, or allows you to skip them entirely. Join us to find out more...
We need your help to spread the word about DalesDeal! 
app.dalesdeal.com
¿Are you visiting a new city and you don´t have where to park? with this app you can find parkings that others don´t use, contact them
Spontaneous events. With an app designed for your phone, not your computer.
My goal is to create a revolutionary new streaming service in which the customers may truly customize their experience to fit them.
A game about a mama duck and its ducklings crossing freeways to get home. You move each duck around to safety, but not without mama.
WeTrade is a user-oriented social media platform where people can trade goods and services with guaranteed safety and peace of mind.
This website will enable potential buyers and renters to get a full history on the location they plan on occupying.
Users can create, and distribute entire schedules from a simple intuitive interface.  The FIRST EVER, 100% email free platform.
I'm making an android app

Keep a track of social favours and trades with your friends by trading items in the app.
A perfect combination of Tinder & Chatroulette, V-Date allows you to swipe your way into an awesome (or awkward) date anywhere!
drivesocial ® is made for drivers like you!
Construction workers and contractors. A new tool that will expand your opportunities. Need a job, come to us, need staff, come to us.
New spin on dating.  Simple and to the point, vote on topics and connect with people who vote like you.
TONIFY ist eine App, welche das Verwenden von Musiknoten, dank Noten-Store und zahlreiche Features, komfortabel und einfach macht.
I am creating a mobile application to help students better in math and science. This app will revolutionize and modify future education
Think you are about to be arrested? Tap our app icon and a lawyer/bond agent begins your bail process before you get to jail.
Simplifying the residential renting experience for tenants and landlords through an app that makes the process seamless.
Some shooters brag before the crime... The Shooter Alert App will allow people to report shooter threats before the shooting happens.
On April 6, 2015, I am going to be launching the kickstart campaign that will allow us to introduce our one-of-a-kind video game about
ChatCel is the new way of communicating with other people!
Televised is the worlds only TV centric social network. Allowing producers/networks to more easily connect with fans and much much more
Rotations is a mobile application for monitoring and reporting back device rotations.  Specifically built for action sports.
Connecting students to campus life
Mobile App die entwickelt wurde, um gemeinsames, effizienteres und schnelleres Lernen zu ermöglichen! Nicht nur für Schüler & Studenten
The COMMUNIPLATE app allows you start a conversation with anyone, anywhere simply based on a members plate number and state.
To help people by providing best in class water transportation services to live healthy. Platform for water suppliers & people.
Take a picture of the sky to identify the upcoming weather, cloud formations, and cloud pareidolia.
Novel, secure app and website for big data/omics clinical research and care to improve quality of life for chronic SCI patients
Party Plug " Your party experience" Is here so you never miss out on another party or event
San Antonio's premiere alcohol delivery service where users simply place their order via mobile app and we'll bring you the alcohol.
A home business where I design, program and publish mobile free applications for users to enjoy across the globe! Macbook is the goal!
It will be teen dating website controlled by parents.
Finally a completely impartial way to decide who is right. Come to the judge, tell him your woes, and end those arguments quick!
Create a mobile app to allow user to easily upload photos and video of their pets. Lost and Found pet database for the USA.
The chat app Im having developed is going to create a brand new language that will connect the world.
You love to travel but you're not rich? This app is what you need!
Movie app for fans to connect, review, critique and attend movies together. App shows demographic of user and user reviews tick boxes.
SwipeMeNot.com is a Tinder dating guide website with 35,000 unique Google organic visitors per month. Looking to expand with an app
Your Phone= Your life
Lose your phone and lose everything.
Why don't you Reward someone for FINDING your phone.
Parkarr is a mobile app that connects drivers looking for street-parking with those leaving their parking spots.
mr.dj is an interactive app which allows guest to request their favorite songs from a dj or band at a venue directly from their phone!
A visionary board at your fingertips, 100% customized by you, better enabling you to make your dreams a reality.
I'd like to get help designing a parking app that could, through user's designation, note empty parking spaces to friends or everyone!
Movie mode, your phone will only ring if there's an emergency no interruption while streaming movies, sports or at the movie theater
Upload videos of You singing, dancing, partying, concerts, etc. If you're trying to make it big in the Music and Dance industry. Join!
to make an app that people can look at mortgage prices from different companies without having to receive 100s of phone calls
Eine App die die Rauchentwöhnungsphase psychologisch begleitet und motiviert. Kleinstbeträge werden täglich angespart und gespendet.
A CV that can adapt to any situation; providing you limitless templates, and can be accessed anywhere anytime. Think differently.
LOVE is the key to life, imagine a APP that can generate the right vibrational frequencies to create a atmosphere of love & kindness
An app that will identify and give you all the nutrient and ingredients of any food by taking a picture of it
Fund a startup that will become history, Imagine the possibilities of this geo location, business or venue open chat. Real time insight
We are creating the Next Generation of Social Media for the world who still believes in Privacy, Control and Freedom of ones data.
All your references in the palm of your hand.
Don't bring a credit card to the club, just bring Barley.
An app that will allow you to profit when your car in not is use! 
By allowing someone to pay YOU for time loaning out your car!!!
The opposite to Instagram and a different picture of life: use Crapgram
Giving online consumers the feeling of JOY when they purchase an item at the price they are happy to pay. Sellers will compete to win.
Classifindit will revolutionize the way we search ALL ad agencies by using one App instead of searching many websites!
My treatment planner is a mobile app that will enable the patient and mental health professional track there progres through treatment.
Blert is a new social network that allows users to connect with the world through the uniqueness of their own voice.
An app that reminds you where you were and allows you to keep it private, captures your mood to help with life analysis.
We guarantee a great weekend party experience for consumers and a quality turn out for event hosts!
Everyone that has a car has either, been towed, got a ticket, or didn't realize they were parked in the red. This app will prevent that
A non-profit website and app that allows people who find stray dogs to find a foster or rescue shelter in any town across America.
The UBER of Temp Staffing. Online source for employers to "order up" a temp employee for a temp job or project.
Menu Bar App for Mac OS to display current WiFi connection's name and get notifications when the network changes
Solving one of the most dumbest problems in the world today. Our app delivers excess food to feed communities in need in real-time.
Prophetic is a reminder app for parents to record special events, dates, and/or destinations they plan to experience with a child.
Swipe to get Fit!  FitMate connects you with others in your area based on shared fitness activities such as yoga, running and more!
Jamaa, translates from Swahili as People, Family, Public, Community or Crowd, an East African brand aiming to bridge the diaspora gap.
A mobile app that allows you to check into Strip Clubs and see what waitresses, bartenders and Entertainers are working that day/night.
It's the most baffling of all medical questions:  What's it going to cost?
An App For Professional Taxi or Limo service worldwide.
Help the world regain its privacy!
A unique Role-playing Facebook app designed by Role-players to match the natural dynamics of online role-playing
connects customers of big chain restaurants /bar grills  & retail stores that don't deliver, to local delivery drivers through our app
How do you find the RIGHT therapist or trainer in your area without going to a chain? Difficult, isn't it?
They say the best camera is the one you have on you. FilterZilla takes this idea to whole new level with surprisingly innovative camera
We have successfully launched the iOS version of Hightail Whale and are looking for funding to convert to android.
iSocial Network brings Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, Tumblr, LinkedIn all together in the one lightweight, data saving application!
App serves a monitoring tool and aims at notifying parents if their children/driver are using cell phone while they are driving plus
Travel Babble allows travelers to connect and interact with past, present, & future hostel-mates! Plan activities together & chat away!
