Add something new to your sound bank alongside your picks, slides, and other musical accessories.
SnapRecorder is a patent pending portable recording booth built w/ triple-layer sound proofing design to provide crisp clear recordings
Semi-modular analog synthesizer. Make your music with this pure analog sound machine.
Jack is the first guitar device to stream over Wi-Fi, plug into any guitar or amp to play wirelessly and connect to PC, Tablet or Phone
A mini headphone amplifier that emulates the warmth of vinyl audio and vintage tubes.
K-Board Pro 4 is an expressive 4 octave MPE keyboard - a new kind of controller that feels and responds like a true musical instrument.
Audiophile DAC for all lovers of quality music!
BB AIR - We set our focus on SOUND quality and some NEW FUNCTIONS such as the smart ON/OFF function.
Listen to your lossless music in high-resolution and charge your iPhone 7 at the same time.  Apple MFi-certified.
A Hong Kong made 200-watt guitar amplifier that can be picked up with one hand. Massive power that can fit into a backpack.
The ultimate realtime sampler for your modular. No it's not another sampleplayer! It's a realtime cv controlled sampleslice sequencer.
Phantom Air is the NEW benchmark for wireless earbuds. Tuneable, high quality sound and high battery life that recharges on the go.
The Micro Rhythm is an open source drum machine that allows recording and playback of Linndrum, DMX, and TR-707 native samples.
Out of production for over 6 years - it is time to bring back the Frantone Cream Puff! You can get one of the first by making a pledge.
MP3+IPX7 Waterproof+Bluetooth Sport Headphones. You can swim far as you can without losing HD audio. Perfect Fitting & Battery Life.
The ultimate in award-winning, truly high-end quality has come to the desktop, with beautiful design and plug-and-play simplicity.
State of the Art High End Audio Amplifier in an Incredibly Small Enclosure. Audiophiles: This CHERRY is a real winner.  Hanging is in!
Bela is an open-source embedded platform for real-time, ultra-low-latency audio and sensor processing on the BeagleBone Black.
High-end Open Source audio player with Aluminium chassis, touchscreen and ES9018K2M output DAC. piCore Player & RuneAudio compatible
Live music goers: save your hearing while enjoying your music at full fidelity with the world's first invisible smart earplugs
Link digital music to Hi-Fi sound system / Multi-room boardcasting
Portable, vintage style DJ rotary mixer with a 4 channel sound card & valve stage. Hand built in the UK to audiophile standards.
Rig Master motorizes every analog amp or effect pedal button you want and gives you total control over your musical rig - on the fly!
Simply record and share audio in studio quality. Standalone audio recorder. USB microphone. Wireless recording with iOS and Android.
An elegant, synchronized light-show built into a great sounding speaker.  Place Boxie on your desk or in a bookshelf and see the music.
I am looking to raise money to put music gear in the hands of children and teens who could otherwise not afford it.
First Interfaith & Community FM Radio Station needs transmitter in Menifee, CA Programs online, too CLICK PHOTO ABOVE FOR OUR CAT VIDEO
Active Ears are sweat resistant, and keep your Beats Headphones dry during workouts. Arctic Ears turn them into cozy, warm earmuffs.
Micro-scaled FACTORY to serve small independent labels and artists to print their short-run vinyl releases at affordable prices, fastly
PALMTOMS fit to your palm. Gesture, then play with same Motion- Feel-Sound as real instruments. Loop/velocity/strum/wammy..Insane speed
Most Bluetooth amplifiers only do Bluetooth. I wanted more so I added MP3 player , FM tuner , Aux Input and a multi-function Aux out.
Desk speakers with pixel art display, music visualizer and retro video player!
TIRED OF BREAKING EARBUDS?  | 
mXers Modular Earbuds allow for easy repair and customization, all with a simple SNAP, TWIST, and BAM!
Development of a hardware-level emulation of long-discontinued Ensoniq samplers and effects processors in VST/AU format for Mac and PC.
Xvive U2 Compact, Digital, Guitar Wireless was created to be the best sounding, smallest, most convenient guitar wireless in the world.
Beautifully handcrafted, one-of-a-kind audio speakers and equipment. Exceptional sound. Proudly Made From Detroit™. Address Included.
Who said that pedals should be on the ground?  Why should there be only 1 analog effect in each pedal enclosure?  Let's bend the rules.
The FanTunes Helmet Speaker System™ is an authentic replica football helmet and a high quality wireless speaker system.
The Pole Position guitar utilizes a single sliding pickup to give guitarists maximum control over tone.
BAT D-1, all valve/tube distortion pedal that delivers a rich harmonic mid to very high gain distortion only possible by valves/tubes.
POLYTIK is a collection of beautifully designed hand-held synth modules exploring the border between play and sound.
ONEmicro surround supports 5.1DTS/Dolby,CAS,dlna/airplay,media server. It gives you new surround experience by DECT audio technology.
A modular controller highly customizable, expandable and reconfigurable designed for DJs, producers and musicians!
DacBerry sound cards brings great sound to your home. Working in combination with the Raspberry Pi, brings you high-quality audio.
ROTO is a custom-built wireless 3-speaker system of the highest quality, encased within an ACTUAL upcycled vintage rotary phone.
we connect & entertain co-workers and innovators
Headstrument: Now Sound Talks™. YOUR voice speaks / sings in sound, music & special effects! YOU are the "instrument"...
Make any video a personalized lesson and learn at your own speed. Loop, Zoom, Pan and Slow down video without changing pitch!
They sound like a dream, but can survive a nightmare. Ruggedized, waterproof & smash proof, the Rhinos are built to survive anything.
Break free from wires with the E9! Enjoy your audio, music and gaming devices remotely - and preserve sound quality and fluidity.
World's first LIQUID Guitar Pickups:  A liquid magnet sways and  resonates with the instrument to produce a high definition sound.
Crisp, Beautiful High Frequency Audio! A set of ionTweeters will make a $50 pair of speakers sound like a $5000 pair of speakers!
This project will be teaching children about combining music with technology and how modern music is composed with modular synthesizers
ENVELOP is a 3D sound platform that is creating a space in San Francisco for live electronic music, DJ sets and educational workshops.
Tivoli Audio founder Tom DeVesto's creations, Solo and Duetto: 
Multi-Room Music Systems with One-Touch Streaming and Hi-Fi Sound.
OSSIC X is the world's first headphone that instantly calibrates to your anatomy for the most accurate and immersive 3D audio.
Headphones with in-ear and over-ear design that automatically tune to your unique hearing profile in 30sec. Hear and feel every note.
Wear is an affordable, attractive, lightweight wearable assistive directional microphone designed to improve quality of hearing.
Wond is a hand-held stylus that excites, sustains and controls vibration -- of your guitar strings or any steel-stringed instrument.
A portable guitar that teaches you to play, sounds like any musical instrument and connects wirelessly so you can play guitar anywhere.
The Field Kit lets you amplify ordinary objects and use the sound in a musical and experimental way. 'Musique Concrète' for the people!
Expressively control your favorite music creation apps & software. Make music anywhere with any sound, all on one instrument.
An affordable patchable analog synthesizer. Create music and sound like never before with this unique instrument.
It's a truly multipurpose effects pedal. It puts hundreds of music pedals into just one powerful little box with unlimited connections.
Guitar Wing: Wireless control over software plug-ins, DAWs, iOS apps & MIDI effects units...right from your guitar or bass.
A beautiful Transparent Speaker with high quality audio components and materials. Sustainable design created for today's music lover.
The Vo-96 Acoustic Synthesizer creates dazzling new sounds on the acoustic guitar through precise harmonic control of string vibration.
MIYO is a world-class digital-to-analog converter—your music’s new best friend. It makes all of your audio better—at home or on the go.
Ototo is an all-in-one musical invention kit which allows you to make an instrument any way you want.
The nuance and control of an acoustic drum. 
The limitless possibilities of digital sound. 
A true leap forward in drum technology.
Audiocase is the only sound system you are ever going to need. Connect wirelessly and enjoy premium sound in your home or on the go.
Sharing the sounds of Iran's exotic instruments by virtualizing the sounds into a sample library.
Add continuous expressive control to any keyboard with this DIY touch sensor kit.
Make a striking expression with BopPad, a fun and expressive Smart Fabric Drum Pad from Keith McMillen Instruments
the open source musical instrument platform, with interchangeable necks and built-in effects.
AvecSynth is an Arduino form-factor MIDI synthesizer that can be for embedded projects OR as a stand-alone MIDI music synthesizer.
A playful figurine based music player that anyone can use, anywhere, anytime. Great for kids, no screen in sight, easy on parents.
This project aims to generalize the Theremin form to create an extremely versatile musical instrument.
NEOH is the first headset to provide a spatial sound rendering system, giving you a sound closer to reality than any other device.
Bluetooth earphones with tips that mold to the unique shape of your ears in 60 seconds. Unparalleled fit, comfort, sound and features.
A pocket-sized musical instrument for your active relaxation, plus open platform for experiments with sound and music making.
Revolutionary digital instrument that lets you make music simply by gesturing. KAGURA is motion made music.
Mogees turns the everyday objects around you into unique and powerful musical instruments. Play the world!
Invent the sounds of the future! Create your own astounding electronic instruments with lego-like hexes & physical sensors.
Experience the joy of creating your own music with one intuitive & stand alone instrument. Play and compose wherever you want.
Bringing the drumming experience from soundproof studios to the outdoors, your sofa, or any other place you have a smartphone.
With a real fan inside, SNOOZ is an ultra-portable sound conditioner that turns your bedroom into a haven for sleep.
Yamaha's renowned technology ensures high quality sound. Open-air frame for ultimate comfort. Closed-air frame for privacy.
Combines polyphonic voice generation and lush reverb, delivering a beautiful atmospheric presence that blends in with your guitar tone.
With Tilde, listen to the sounds that matter and tune out the rest. Enjoy a 360° crystal clear sound experience wherever you are.
Software patching goes hardware! Create your own modular synthesiser by programming Patchblocks with our software editor.
Plays music through an arc of electrical plasma, making it one of the coolest speakers you can get. Prepared to be amazed!
This is the Dato DUO, an instrument for two. A gritty sounding synthesizer paired with a flashy sequencer. For kids aged 3 - 99 and up!
Learning guitar doesn't have to be tedious! Fret Zeppelin is a state-of-the-art full spectrum LED learning and display system.
In the spirit of professional audio recording equipment produced decades ago, Locomotive Audio brings you a new brand of handmade gear.
OTO is a geometric musical controller that lets you touch the shape of sound. Play synths, control a DAW, generate visuals, and more...
Transform your iPhone or iPod touch into an intuitive and expressive motion-controlled musical instrument
Pono's mission is to provide the best possible listening experience of your favorite digital music.
The Rockit 8 Bit Synth is a fully functional kit synthesizer, generating sounds that range from crunchy lo-fi to fist pumping awesome.
Like fire? LOVE music? Now you can combine the two! Introducing: The Sound Torch - world’s FIRST affordable PyroBoard
The C.24 is a two octave wireless music keyboard designed for iPad.
The Yowler is an awesome little noise synth packed with cool features that backers get to vote on adding + tons of cool stretch goals.
Small, powerful audiophile earbuds with an in-ear microphone that excludes ambient noise so your voice is always crystal clear.
Part monster synthesizer, part computer: The ST4 is a unique product, loaded with features, that combines the best of both worlds.
Choose from 3 Soundscapes—Pure, Deep, and Core—to design and build headphones that you can call your own.
Open-source wearable instruments that allow people to create real music through pantomime.
A true analog modular synthesizer - small in size, small in price, 
big in sound
Inspired by the one string Diddley Bow of Blues origin, oneString fills the gap for a sub-$200 USB MIDI synth ribbon controller.
Share hi-fi audio to multiple users for a real-time, wireless listening 
experience unlike anything you’ve heard.
OP·A is a FM synthesizer shield for Arduino. Inspired by retro-consoles, great for chiptune music, custom instruments and art setups.
5-note polyphonic synthesizer with 4-track sequencer. ADSR envelope, LFO, filter, MIDI, and MIDI over USB. Made in U.S.A.
Mogees gives you an entire world of new creative possibilities. Just stick the Mogees sensor to anything around you and play the world!
An audiophile quality, lifestyle, wireless audio system that delivers consistent multi-directional sound and adapts to its environment!
The Saw Bench Synthesizer. A highly portable and affordable monosynth. MIDI-controlled, with a 100% analog signal path.
An Arduino-compatible 8-bit MIDI synth for creating Nintendo, C64, and Amiga-style chiptune music
Waves Nx is the first application to bring personalized 3D sound to any pair of headphones.
The Arcano MIDI NES Chiptune Synthesizer is an AVR-based MIDI synth that allows musicians to create Nintendo style chiptune music.
High-end build techniques applied to a truly desktop size, bluetooth enabled, fully active loudspeaker design.
Joué is an innovative instrument simplifying digital music playing and offering a unique level of expressivity and spontaneity.
Help restart Frantone by pre-ordering one of the first new Peachfuzz pedals in 6 years!
Mana Modular is the first in a series of small format mixers designed to enable you, the user, to build and configure your own console.
The ultimate charging companion with speakers, lighting, a power bank and more for all of your smart devices.
The Dreampad is a mind-relaxing, sleep-inducing luxury pillow that plays music through gentle vibration that only you can hear.
ELWN FIT has solved the agony of other Bluetooth Earbuds: FIT & BATTERY LIFE. Plus a built-in microphone & HD sound?! Rock on.
G-Quencer .:. The Riff Dispenser .:. Take a Sonic Expedition .:. Discover Unexplored Audio Frontiers .:. by Molten Voltage
QuNexus is a vividly illuminated keyboard that is both fun for beginners and a must have for modern musicians.
Nightingale is the first smart sleep system designed to mask common indoor and outdoor noises to help you sleep better every night.
Tone Shifter 3 Smart Sound Interface is the world's first sound interface that combines MIDI controller for guitarists
Touch control, motion sensors, patented MAF technology & music storage make FIIL Diva Pro the most advanced headphones ever invented.
Cool Mic livestreams audio from your Android online. Use your microphone to broadcast to people you share your broadcast link with.
XPUMP unleashes immersive sound with the touch of your fingertips. Hear the difference.
The BeamBox joins the aesthetic of reclaimed wood with modern technology to create a completely unique home audio experience.
Handcrafted & precision tuned to deliver unparalleled high fidelity audio resolution. The next generation of in-ear monitors, the Supra
The DRC; a Desktop Record Cutter designed with modern technology & a vintage soul. Funding expands feature set & reduces sell price.
Unlocking your music's potential on the go with the revolutionary new DAC from Cyrus  - the soundKey
Digital Reverb Guitar Effect Pedal
The ToneWoodAmp makes any acoustic guitar sound electrifying without using any external amp. Hearing Is Believing!
A legend in sound has done it again - ADEL the world’s first and only RealLoud tech that makes music safer with amazingly better sound!
Create your own Nintendo-style chiptune music with this AVR-based MIDI synthesizer or play the 8-bit video game music classics live.
Create music in the style of the classic video games of the 80s with this MIDI synth. (Emulates Nintendo NES / Famicom and C64 sounds)
LEMON is the First Wireless Speaker combining the Most Unique 3D Sound with Voice Recognition, Solar Powered, Power Bank, Waterproof…
Patented earplugs with adjustable noise reduction filters, integrated wireless Bluetooth earphones, custom colors, and logo selection.
High quality truly wireless earbuds, without the high price! Experience 100% wire-free, stereo audio for hours with these tiny earbuds!
Linner will eliminate most ambient background noise with ANC technology and Lightning connection, making it perfect for your first set.
Mogees Play lets you turn any object into a music instrument, a controller to play games and more
QuNeo is a break-through 3D pad controller for electronic musicians, digital DJs, VJs & DIY hackers providing multi-touch control.
Crafted from leather and aluminium and powered with HR Audio. Ergonomically optimised and aesthetically designed, meet the EOZ One
Hi-end in-ear monitors for the average consumer. Built to audiophile standards using the only the finest materials. Engineered for you!
GMF is building a line of acoustic pickups that are high quality, easy to install and have superior sound and tone.
If you’re in the gym, on a crowded subway, or you’ve been #blessed with a snoring partner, we’ll keep the world around you quiet.
A wind instrument that plays and sounds like the familiar recorder, with the flexibility and features of a pro electronic instrument.
Hi-Fi /Studio quality audio, portable Bluetooth® loudspeakers. Analog sound, good bass & loud, 10 exciting colours. Handmade in the UK.
Hear your camper in a letter from their first day to their last.  The VOICEMAILER is 1st class US Mail.  It’s Easy!
GMF is building a line of guitar effect pedals that are high quality, compact and have killer tone and superior sound quality.
VFE Pedals is building a new lineup of effect pedals designed to be intuitive and pedalboard friendly. Includes DIY options!
Haudi is a voice-enhancing sound processor that provides crisp and clear TV dialogue. It's like reading glasses for your ears!
Revolutionary & Powerful High-Performance Premium Wireless Speakers for Everyone w/ Qi Wireless Charging, Bluetooth, Siri, Dynamic Bass
Wu Headphones - Each handcrafted to studio quality sound and distinct style. Delightful for You. Turn Heads!
DECT Technology brings about an Audio Revolution. Our Wireless Speakers perform better than Wired Speakers.
Wireless earbuds with audiophile-grade sound, heart-rate monitoring, sport feedback, music storage, voice search and magnetic design.
A new Level in Pick Design. The patented gryd-like Structure prevents typical Plectrum-Noises! Gitarrenplektrum ohne Störgeräusche!
Industry first micro driver, true-wireless, waterproof earphones w/ patents pending and design that's received the 2015 Red Dot Award.
Double Tap Audio aims to mix a high-quality build and sound with highly durable materials to make a very rugged pair of headphones.
Audiophile DAC for everyone.
Designed by audiologists for the active audiophile: headphones from a social business.
Optimize your audio setup by driving your headphones to their true potential with this convenient USB powered headphone amplifier.
Stackable intelligent 360° wireless touchscreen speaker. Portable minimalist design that compliments any surface.
Distortion free, pressure-balanced IEM in-ear earphones and headphones from the re-inventors of the loudspeaker.
Audiophile DAC for all lovers of quality music!
AxiomAir is revolutionary! Louder, Cleaner, Easiest to Use, Multiple Users at Once, Most Finishes, Multiroom, Portable and HiRes Audio
Second season of a network of podcasts all about entertaining and educating anyone interested in game development.
The MSGEQ7 is the ultimate "Party Light" chip. It analyzes audio input and allows you to make things move in time to the music.
New Harmonic Interference-Free Technology, giving you clearer sound and crisper bass, all for a smaller price tag.
World's first industrial quality wearable musical instrument. Watch someone play it to believe it.
The first and only electric guitar accessory that makes your guitar sound like a banjo.
VitalTone, a patented sound frequency device used by health care providers with tremendous success, is now introduced as a home unit.
Exo est un lecteur réseau et un amplificateur audio Hi-Res. 
Exo is a powerful Hi- Res audio quality  amplifier extremely connected.
Please help make The Mighty Flea battery guitar amp even better
You can remotely control any music apps such as GarageBand using the foot pedal. Works just like your finger without any MIDI settings.
Tune your guitar quickly and accurately, and keep your strings fit with the built in health check. Roadie is the ultimate guitar tool.
A stylish, portable, high powered bluetooth speaker with advanced technology delivering clean, punchy, detailed and room-filling sound
Underwater Audio (maker of the underwater iPod) designs 100% waterproof earbuds that can't get yanked out of your ears! 1-yr warranty.
State-of-the-art audio technology that utilizes 7 speaker units to create 3D lifelike theater sound from the comfort of your home.
Naturally tuned, extremely durable, audiophile in-ear monitors designed for musicians.
A long lasting earphone tip made from advanced materials to enhance noise isolation, comfort and fit
The new standard for a sub bass drum microphones.
The gTar is a fully digital guitar that enables anybody to play music quickly and easily with the help of LEDs and a docked iPhone
An experimental new musical instrument — the first of its kind set up to play Turkish, Arab, Persian, and Just Intonation musics!
The dSp is a digital sound processor that provides significantly improved headphone sound from mobile devices
ONEmicro : The TRUE stereo wireless speaker, DECT technology break the limit of Bluetooth giving clean, pure and rich sound.
Get the most out of your vinyl by adding a Catalyst phono preamplifier.
The AccuVoice TV Speaker uses built-in hearing aid technology to lift voices out of background sounds for crystal-clear dialogue.
Get ready to hear Bluetooth® like never before with Nowall CH-1, the world's first dual-driver Bluetooth® Earphone.
To design and make a very high quality retro Headphone Amp, using the warm sound of a Valve/Tube and high performance components.
Finally, you can leave your pedal board setup for stereo and play through one amp.  The game has been changed.
The first solid-state guitar amp that sounds unmistakably like a great tube amp!
The best earphones you will ever experience at a price this great! On-par with high end earbuds that retail for over $100.
Bundle Buds, truly tangle-free ear buds. Stylish design, with a focus on function & performance.
The Pole Position's easy-to-use sliding pickup lets guitarists make subtle or dramatic changes in tone any time, even while playing.
Our newest Maraschino!  Up to 1000W in a very compact package with amazing specifications.  Two channels, volume, and input select....
iMusicThings - an easy, affordable, yet presentable way to create your own 3D music products to share with your audiences.
Hi there, me and my mates are building a rig and we desperately need funds to make our dream a reality.
The YRG-pro is a MIDI guitar based on our proven technology designed for studio and performing musicians.
Get the most out of your HIFI headphones with a Lucid Labs Deluxe CMOY Headphone amplifier
Oil can guitar inspired by the streets of South Africa.  REAL concert quality instruments for REAL everyday use.
Hand wired and assembled loud guitar effect pedals.Durable construction. Army inspired look. Distortion, Overdrive, Tremolo, and Fuzz.
At last, an audio amplifier that actually works with your phone without all the hassles. Battery-free. Ultra-light. iPhone-compatible.
Finally, a bass drum microphone that emphasizes sub frequencies without sacrificing higher transients - with a unique mounting system.
Allows musicians to inexpensively mix and match effects via an open source format supported by pedal makers and the DIY community.
The OnBlink Amplifier DAC provides better sound from portable devices. Enjoy HI-FI sound from portable devices.
Fully customized sound. Crisp highs. Deep lows. Killer design. And a full 30 day money back guarantee!!
This revolutionary FPGA synth provides chiptune faves (C64 SID/YM2149) in one Arduino compatible, musician and hacker friendly board.
The gMIX is a four-channel stereo mixer that runs entirely without batteries. Awesome for mixing anything with a headphone jack!
Audiophile grade in-ear headphones with athletic stability and a naturally comfortable design.
The VFE Pedals RUP is the ultimate multiband distortion for any electronic instrument - bass, guitar, synth, and more.
Affordable audiophile headphones with ultra comfortable omnidirectional articulating ear cups.
The Imaginary Marching Band is a series of open-source wearable instruments that allow people to create real music through pantomime.
Introducing the Digital Amp Co Digital to Analog Converter, Tube-Like and High-Spec versions, Amazing Cherry Sonics!
Carboncans – Ultra Durable, dynamic sound headphones, hand-built in England.
Retronix is a new line of affordable instruments from J Backlund Design Guitars. The R-800 is our first great design for a new market.
Inspired by the tone of vintage tremolo guitar amps, a hauntingly beautiful and atmospheric addition to your arsenal of effects.
Simply connect pushbutton switches to create your own custom MIDI controller.
32bit/384khz Capable DAC Module for the Raspberry PI using I2S
Powerful 15W Stereo Portable Bluetooth Speaker with 3000mAh Battery. Accurate, Loud, Hands-free Calls, NFC and Many More Features.
Two-piece speaker system combines detachable mini Sound Bar and powerful ported subwoofer Bass Station with wireless charging
Get rid of the default voicemail settings. Invest only €2 and you have your very own personalised voicemail. YourVoizz is here to help.
We believe podcasters are better together. We believe podcasting deserves more exposure. We believe in promoting podcasts over a pint!
World's Best Sounding True Wireless Headphones with zero connectivity disruption. Designed by sound engineers for incredible audio.
Water resistant, big sound, Bluetooth speaker that's mountable to nearly anything & built for action. 7 Colors, U will LOVE the Video!
Amazing Amp has been the #1 portable PA system for years now but we want to make it better.  You won't believe what we have planned!!
An innovative DI with preamp road tested by pro musicians with added features to amp your sound through your home or car stereo
(R)evolution of the headphone through the latest research in DSP technology.
This project will research and test the use of wireless technology coupled with smartphones to create affordable hearing aids.
SA allows the card giver to send a video, audio or picture message that the recipient can get with their phone when the card arrives.
The most thrilling innovation in audio industry.With this tiny box, live a dream of 3D sound.You simply can! 
Bluetooth/NFC
I started with a $9 mic and a little bit of passion. Six years later, I'm still using subpar equipment. Help me get a ZOOM H6.
Bluetooth headphones that feature enhanced sound quality, multi-functional connectivity and extended wireless range up to 150 feet.
What if you could build the last human invention? Wouldn't life get less interesting and more interesting by far?
An audiotape-based alternative to the turntable, providing turntablists with a more versatile and intuitive way to scratch.
The Imaginary Marching Band is a series of open-source wearable instruments that allow people to create real music through pantomime.
The digital instrument with acoustic soul. Expressive, flexible and incredibly easy-to-use. Provides infinite sounds using Mune apps.
We're kickstarting the ADICON! A high resolution ADC. With built-in RIAA- and headphone amp and SPPM. Made in Germany!
3D Rotary Speaker Sound System.  Digital Technology is used to steer sound 360°. Amazing Amp./Speaker system for Guitar & Keyboard
Joachim Garraud is happy to share with you 25 years of knowledge and experience of music producing.
The Crowminius is a desktop analog monophonic music synthesizer built in the spirit of Dr. Moog's famous Model D.
The world's first microphone that lets you record and loop your voice. Sing over the loop to create acappella and beatbox masterpieces.
Compact, durable and innovative mic, crafted to capture the full sound experience from your brass- and woodwind instrument.
Revolutionary "LEGO"* AUDIO: MODULAR AUDIO SYSTEMS  Musicians,Stadiums,Home,Computer,Auto, LIGHTWEIGHT,
LOW COST, EXPANDABLE.
A unique motorized microphone system that allows you to remotely control the position of your microphones from the Mixing position!
LumaPlay is a new line of World Class Speakers combining HD sound with Intelligent LED lights controlled by your smartphone.
New line of computer based music tools that replaces streaming subscriptions and streams live or recorded audio, video & much more!
World's most linear - both frequency and time domain - near-field speaker to listen, rehearse and record music that you enjoy!
Simple kits that turn GameBoys into synthesizers, designed to look and feel like familiar instruments. Play real music with an old toy!
The Mighty Flea combines the sound and looks of a vintage guitar amp with the portability of a laptop.
A modular, customizable speaker ecosystem, which allows users to build their own desired system, suiting their needs.
8 CHANNEL 500 SERIES RACK w/ SELECTABLE INPUTS VIA ANALOG, DIGITAL OR PREVIOUS CHANNEL. DIGITAL INS AND OUTS ON EVERY CHANNEL w/ MIDI
The MunchBox is a motion-controlled expression pedal for any electric instrument. Use your own movement to control your favorite effect
Volant’s headphones combine earphones, headphones and bluetooth into one device; giving you a solution for every listening occasion.
A stereo audio effects unit: analog signal path - tube overdrive &  resonant filter, with precision digital control over MIDI
No-Solder All-Tube Modular Guitar Amp Kits
Del-Fi Audio’s Apollo headphones convert to powerful Bluetooth speakers with the push of a button. High end audio. Luxury design.
TerraFunken has invented a lossless digital sound technology, reducing music files close to MP3 file sizes, with no loss in quality.
To create a prototype of a beetle shaped MP3 player. it will have some degree of AI and bug-like behaviour to make each one stand out.
The uncompromising guitar cable: double shielding. Lossless transmission. Noisefree plugs. High-quality look. Affordable price.
Take the control of your favourite music program with MicliOne.
Create music, mix, edit and, above all, enjoy people
A unique and beautiful looking portable retro suitcase speaker. Every single unit is hand crafted. Date for purchase summer 2016
An audio to USB converter + stereo mic that allows you to make studio-quality recordings on Android smartphones & tablets
Basswall is a very high power, high quality sound system built to be invisible to the casual. The 'stealth ninja' of bluetooth speakers
The first ever bluetooth speaker with an HD camera and 3 tripod inserts. 
The fun of a photo booth in one powerful bluetooth speaker.
Incredible bass from a tiny space!!! This little Nano will outperform subwoofers 2-3 times the size!
The LP2 is a unique audio looping device for musicians offering MIDI sync, rhythmic replace, and SDHC storage of loops.
USER HD Guitar Pickup - Djentlement to Gentlemen .
The HD Guitar tone You've  never heard .
Please help us keep up with all the big companies at this summer's NAMM show!! We need help funding our marketing materials!
Thanks!
A hardware controller for the software alternatives of the legendary synthesizer. For Mini-V/Monark plugins and more. Made in Europe.
ToneDexter is an acoustic guitar preamp that transforms your  quacky guitar pickup into the lifelike sound you've been looking for.
Utilitarian analog approach to guitar effects with full digital control of every possible parameter using smart phone, tablet, etc.
A portable, pro-quality USB audio device that interfaces your guitar or other electric instrument into your computer or smart device
The All Ears English Podcast has been downloaded over 4 million times in less than a year. To give you an app, we need your help!
Voxtok brings music back to life by making High Audio Quality available for everyone.
Professional Quality, High Fidelity Headphones, Made in America
Model One is the first of her kind.  Real amp tone - anytime anywhere. Patented acoustic technology and proprietary electronics.
A community college by radio! All that's left is to construct the radio tower which will broadcast education to the Kigoma community.
S-AMP is 100% analog premium quality headphone amplifier for Guitar practice, with unique idea that REAL Speaker and Mic in the box!
AUXON is esthetical floating sound station with a maximum of functions and possible autonomy, in swimming pool, in the sea...
Sleep well: Block up to 90% of noise, 100% of light & reduce electric bills with AcoustiCurtains heat transfer properties.
With the retractable Headphone case,  you will never leave your headphones behind again.  Always have them with you when you need them!
Our first product, NiceStomp is a pedal for solo artists to easily play full, real-time drums with only their feet.
The purpose of this campaign is to provide funding for a development platform for uploading custom samples into the DSI Tempest.
... make yours this unique italian product which is able to do good to your body and mind at a very reasonable almost ridiculous price!
Visualizes music into amazing effects and different frequency channels.  Customize via the app, and it fits in your pocket.
Help us expand the Automated Remote Biodiversity Monitoring Network around the world and listen to the sounds of nature in real-time
To make our output more accesible to the rural communities, we need to get ourselves onto the DAB digital radio platform!
ALBERTO'S MUSIC PATTERN GENERATOR
My software creates an unimaginably large no.of musical patterns, 8.841 billion, trillion,trillion.
The synth will contain two dualslope/sine LFO-audio oscillators paired with inputs to be received as XY on custom shaped graded plates.
Enjoy whole house audio using your home network and current audio systems. No subscriptions, master unit, or crappy built-in speakers.
We've been working on LightLead™ for over 10 years, overcoming many obstacles to bring it to market. Its now time to make a change!
Bringing creative music programs to public schools to enhance a childs' learning abilities through the use of music and technology.
Our crowdfunding campaign to improve editing in Blender with an audio addon.
Zula is an open-source, superb sounding amplifier for streaming devices and Raspberry PI. Best in class and exceptional value.
Sound Like You! The Tone Magnet attaches to the bridge of your electric guitar, increasing sustain and depth of tone.
Looks like we're not going to reach our goal on this one, but like The Terminator, "We'll Be Back!"
The world's only headphones built for total comfort while you lay down on your side, your back, or in between.
SenCBuds know when the user has them on or off - pausing and starting whatever the user is listening to watching automatically!
Extreme audio performance and portability combined - in other words the perfect Speaker Backpack
Not happy with your MIDI controller? Try our Knobbee 32: ergonomic, high resolution MIDI controller with 32 knobs & more
A new Level in Pick Design. The patented gryd-like Structure prevents typical Plectrum-Noises! Gitarrenplektrum ohne Störgeräusche!
A non-deterministic composition using EMF transcribed and performed on a prepared piano. Challenging interpretations of public spaces.
High School Students will learn Audio Engineering from Setup to Live Mixing, Editing Recorded Audio and more all while in school.
Solar Sound is a speaker mainly powered by the sun. Its portable and will play for 8 hours straight.
A stylish & contemporary audio anti-vibration platform to support & get the best performance from your sound equipment.
We combined modularity with versatility to create high quality presentation equipment in order to reach a maximum of usability.
Feel the music on your skin under the shower
The project focuses on the visual representation of music.
Das Projekt  beschäftigt sich mit der visuellen Darstellung von Musik.
TableTalk uses Bluetooth and advanced noise cancellation technology to make conversation clear, even in noisy environments.
Handcrafted boutique bass and guitar cabinets for natural, unforced tone. Cabs are the priority here.
We are a new headphone design company and characterised by having headset designs that differ from anything available at the moment.
Please BACK US!!
We are going to modify our manufacturing tooling to produce a specialized Technics 1200 Outer Periphery Record Clamp
A Morning Talk Radio Show for the Web. With an established Host whose last Radio Show was beating The Rush Limbaugh Show
Place this bench nearby or sit directly on it to absorb the soothing amplified resonating sound energy waves to relax and reduce stress
we create a new dimension in light and sound technology. to give the visitor of a event a thrill factor!
Redefining what is possible from on-wall speakers, KISS AV boasts a lightweight design and fills the room with 3D-style sound.
Popboard - Arduino based Bluetooth MIDI Foot Controller for IOS and OS X
Hurricanes & sound equipment don't mix well! Now, I need to replace my equipment. I appreciate your support!
A 160 W amplifier combined with the comfort of a 7“ touch display and high quality sound, all packed in an appealing design.
Trying to buy a Whisperroom to make my global podcast, Doctor Ackrite's Get It Together Podcast, world-class.
I'd love to make a music studio where struggling artists can make music free of charge to get themselves out there
"For your hearing impaired loved one - bring back the joy of listening to music again!!"
Tone reactive RGB LED Strip Controller. LED's react according to the tone levels rather than just typical volume.
A new and exciting update to the harmonica bringing it into the 21st Century. Wireless technology comes to the harmonica at last..!!
The audio device that redefines sound quality and the price.
Clanging equipment is a major problem for all hunters. Buck Bumper eliminates this hunt-busting noise allowing a new level of stealth.
Hear your music in an acoustically revitalized way with aesthetically and acoustically stunning wireless wooden headphones, The Prelude
Unleash the power of your Chromecast and expand it's capabilities with this powerful mobile speaker.
Use a high quality USB microphone with Aurec - a self-contained circuit for saving uncompressed audio.
HiFiPi is a network music player with the best sound quality for the lowest price whilst looking like it belongs with your Hi-Fi.
It's time to give yourself a better sleep and hearing environment and a new bluetooth speakers.
Mantra Studio is an open concept lifestyle app, to introduce, explore and experience various traditional prayers, chants and mantras.
A new method to take existing sound for movies, videos games and music and transform it into a perception of real life sound.
By freeing you from any wires, the iTUULi earphones are the ideal companion for all kinds of lifestyles, especially those on the go.
The future of amplification is here! The "Solar Boom" is the first amp to provide jaw dropping audio through the power of solar energy!
An amplifier bearing not only Vietnamese lacquer and pottery tradition but also modern beauty and quality.
A Handcrafted Walnut Bluetooth Vacuum Tube Amplifier. An audiophile must-have | design| technology| vintage| retro| Gadget| loudspeaker
Refurbishing the discontinued industry standard DJ Turntable. Kickstarting to purchase Technics in bulk from Japan and supply them.
Increased volume and bass from your smartphone or mp3 player to your car stereo's AUX line input jack.
The most advanced wireless switch for wired headphones and earphones complete with HiFi sound and external noise cancelling technology.
With a high quality built-in DAC, use the digital signal from the Lightning connector on iPhones or USB on Android for better sound.
For web-casters, independent music artists & producers. Come together for a weekend of learning, events, networking & living life.
Snugs Wireless earphones with Sensaround sound deliver the ultimate in comfort, noise isolation and truly great sound.
rün turns your actual sound system into something huge. Everyone can now manage the volume, from anywhere.
The SounDish is a Passive Parabolical Acoustic Enhancer device that improves the sound quality of your cell phone for music, calls, etc
The Resus-a-Station is a wall mounted Voice Guidance Modular  designed to give you step by step instructions on how to apply CPR
Sheet Reader is an app for scanning music notes from a note sheet and play them back to hear how a piece sounds to help you play it.
Selfiesound bounces back the sound and, without filters comes back to who's playing,allowing you to listen and improve your performance
Ohm Made Electronics guitar effects use premium parts and are made in the USA! Check out our Kickstarter for sound samples & more info!
A high density eurorack utility module designed to take up as little space as possible.
Earwig is the first high-fidelity speaker system that truly runs off the grid while delivering a clean and powerful sound experience.
Bluguitar is a unique wireless speaker system. Not just another plastic speaker box. BluGuitar is  beautiful and great sounding!
A unique mix of tone, formant, and noise manipulated by light. Dramatic and wild on stage. Stable and CV-controlled in the studio.
A low cost patented hearing headset for classroom, watching tv, video games, and the beach.  Video link = https://youtu.be/fCfl4l3IQPk
EarGizmo. Tiny, yet Powerful Microphone. Now you can make high quality recordings on your iPhone & iPad.
Play it by Ear is a project based on making participation and enjoyment in team sports a reality for the Deaf and Hard of Hearing.
"Ultimately with your aid we will craft a piece of equipment that encompasses a rich, quality sound with intelligent engineering".
The NuPrime Wireless Audio System and the Celsus Sound SP One speaker offer premium wireless sound anywhere in your home.
Innovative line of amps and effects for musicians by engineer with 40-yr experience, ISO-9000 background, 'green' business orientation.
The Peacekeeper is a quick change effects system that uses rifle parts to integrate guitar effects into a guitar.
We Need Your Help to Reissue the Metalhead Legendary All Tubes Guitar amps, The Guitar Player Dream, Sharp Enough to Slice Ice,
Get awesome sound from your smartphone, tablet or any other Bluetooth enabled device.
Superior Sound Quality, Superior Comfort & Superior Manufacturing Right Here In The U.S.A. - Reflex G7 Headphones
Sunny Buddy solar sound systems are unique, useful and high quality and very portable designed for outdoor sustainable events
The project aims to re-engineer vintage/antique,rare, 'forgotten' items into modernized bluetooth speakers.
Transform your hi-fi headphones into a portable speaker and get even louder with two extra speakers built into the Active Speaker Case
Take your playing experience to another level, doesn't matter if you are a Pro or a Beginner. The only thing that count is the music.
A premium headphones with a touch of retro, elegant, a learned mix between wood & steel, personalized with laser engraving or leather
S-tone, the sports glasses to enable listening to music through bone conduction
The THC-01 is a fully analog handclap synthesizer based on the TR808 clap with cool extra functions.
Simply connected, ASB Audio Streaming Box.
In diesem Projekt geht es um die Entwicklung eines Röhrenvorverstärkers für professionelle Recording-Anwendungen
Tulip is a small device for recording high quality digital audio media. Plug directly into the source, record and listen your sounds.
The OnBlink Amplifier DAC provides better sound from portable devices. Enjoy HI-FI sound from portable devices.
Open source  audio DSP development platform with audio feedback prevention alogrithm.
High quality tube guitar amps, Pre amps, and D.I. boxes
British designed portable speaker with true wireless stereo pairing, splashproof rating of IPX5 and 10hr battery.
I have invented a way to fuse the acoustic technology of old phonographs, making a simple music/mp3 Player appear elegant and beautiful
I dedicated part of my basement to build a recording studio. I want to help bands and artists record their music without high costs
LevelsEarphones is hoping to change in ear sound technology using airflow technology that protects the ear canal and offers rich sound!
This project will help you getting good sound effects and other extra stuff you can use in your videos and podcast/audio...
Evolving Music Listening Past the Play Button.
At 660 Guitars, we build 100% USA guitars out of aircraft aluminum. They are designed, crafted, and assembled in Northeast Texas.
The first ever headphone set for your sports helmet. Helmet Hum brings you the ability to play music while wearing your Helmet.
Our coolers are what separates you and the tailgater one spot over. Or the next campsite over. It grabs you. It sets a precedence.
JukeSpot is a platform that allows passive influence of music wherever you go.
A natural sounding hybrid speaker in a compact package, accomplished by combining two fundamental speaker design principles.
A durable case for iPhone 5/5S & 6/6S with a built in battery and amplified speakers that fold to face front.
Increase the Performance and the Lifespan of your Audio & Video components with the ISO.2 Damping Spacers!  "It works!"
Have you ever imagined enjoying stereo with portable Bluetooth speakers at any place? Try the iPAIR and feel personally on the scene!
A one-of-a-kind comparison tool EMPOWERING YOU to Decide What's Best by SEEING & HEARING products in use before you buy
Bluetooth wireless speaker, hands free1.5 loud speaker plus bass enhancer radiator. MP3/WMA/MAV/APE/FLAC. Output power 3W. USB spec 2.0
Amazing vibe sound! Let's go to discover it!
cradle-like device for a smartphone capable of securing and charging the phone while simultaneously amplifying audio
We developed a technology that eliminates echoing in any environment, no microphone feedback, increased power handling in loudspeakers
A speaker, that lights your music on fire!
With craftsmanship of a time once past, we transport you to 1954, today! The SR-1A reproduces an unsurpassed sonic spectrum!
The light box is a way to interact with your music like never before. View your music in the form of light.
Help us bring much needed innovation to the traditional audio jack with the use of MAGZET magnetic technology in the middle.
EB Audio Systems brings to you the first truly wireless stereo bluetooth speaker system.
LightLead™ 
For your Guitar, Bass, and Semi-Acoustic Instruments.
Wireless multi-room music is great, and now it's affordable because mBox will work with the speakers you already own!
Lo! The most revolutionary musical instrument since the electric guitar!
Design and install a new Radio Broadcast and Production Studio.  An upgrade of the community studio would allow our students training.
Applying four distinct energies to a Quartz crystal to unlock its holistic healing abilities, the Bible cites crystals over 200 times.
SPL & Michael Way have created a new sound-field that destroys current surround sound technology "hexaphonics" SPL live symphony in 3D
Starting a podcast and need recording equipment!... Mics and headphones... Web pages and possibly software..
Astound offers a complete hearing solution that is crisper, clearer and most importantly with no feedback - truly the gift of hearing!
A low cost digital compact wireless assistive listening device to help both children and adults with hearing difficulties
Premium Marine Quality SPEAKER COOLER that fully functions as an ICE COOLER & PORTABLE STEREO.
iMMER provide your best 3D Sound to Go wirelessly! It also come with a extraordinary Dual Moving Dynamic Driver Earbuds. ~ Amazing!
The World’s First Organic Wireless Speaker With Superior Music Experience.
A fusion the new and used. Where recycles beer crates meet audio to create a funky audio accessory. We call it Re-Crate
If I raise $20,000 I vow to spend the next 12 months opening a radio station outside of Boston that will play only this song.
Show prayer time in your city by sunni calculated organisation in your country. And see events from the organisations in your country
Really have no idea if I can do it successfully.  I am no genius, but I'll give it a go since no one else seems to want to.
For my DT A-Level I have decided to create a tribute to the B&O's best selling BeoLab 6000 by recreating it for todays sound system.
Raising funds to take my reverse speech research to the next level with new equipment and a lab where I can better analyze it.  #ORSR
Purchase some equipment to upgrade our current facility to facilitate recording by local bands and artists at an affordable price
Low Voltage, Small Dimension, High Power Audio Hybrid Amplifier. Built-In Bluetooth Receiver, Operating Voltage 12V, Output Power 2x20W
Audio-phile quality "MINI" sound system and integration device- hand-crafted and built for reliability in the U.S.
These are the next generation of ear buds, they will be fully customizable in the way of being able to swap/change each bud and cable.
Babynosis is a collection of relaxing audios designed to enrich your child's life with positive affirmations while they sleep.
Vinyl are becoming more popular as people desire physical music. We aim to make vinyls more accessible to the common music enthusiast.
Revolutionizing Discrete Communication 
between Talent and Audio Technicians
TrackBomb is the newest social media platform that caters to music artists and music lovers.
Send positive affirmations to your subconscious repeatedly and discretely for a better you.
Drive safely!  speeC-EZ lets you use your voice to control your Bluetooth connected smartphone and communicate totally hands-free!
99.9% RADIATION-FREE EARPHONES patented sound delivery system using an air tube to produce "Live" sound w/o harmful EMF Radiation
When you open the Sexy Suitcase, you'll be able to store all of your important documents and bust out some tunes at any given time!
An electronic device to be used in all healthcare settings that makes it easier for nurses to communicate with the hearing impaired.
Need help to complete desktop application for separating mp3 audio file into individual audio files for each instrument and vocals
Building on our existing Patent offering greater input and connectivity options to our already made Music Mate® "Mini"
Songwriters need a place to post and sell their songs - musicians need a place to find and buy music - let's make the connection.
What is it about showers that seem to provide temporary relief to tinnitus sufferers and why has no one discovered why???
Appapella is Urban Karaoke where users record their vocals over an instrumental track, add a filter, and directly share to Twitter.
A lo-fi 8-bit instrument that looks as good as it sounds. As fun at home as it is on stage. Open source and fully hackable.
Psyren is a live performance VST host guitar pedal that is state-of-the-art on the inside and old-school on the outside.
Effects, function generator, oscilloscope, synthesizer. 
A turn-key system, with software and hardware.
Mobile MIDI over Bluetooth. Your music, your devices, your apps, wherever you are. Industry standard. Apple supported.
Second generation of ONEclassic, an audiophile wireless speaker by DECT technology. Fresher look, Better sound
PULSE* is a smart 3D controller to play any musical instrument. Simply use our free apps to connect to vast HD libraries or use midi.
The very last opportunity to get the legendary Frantone Brooklyn Overdrive - Made exclusively for Kickstarter backers!
Learn and play music 20 times faster with DODEKA - the musical innovation that sets up music theory right.
Worlds first open and closed back headphone all in one. Be part of the revolution with Rock Jaw Audio.
.
AN EVOLUTION IN  DRUM TRIGGERING. MAGNATRACK IS DUAL SIDED AND DESIGNED TO CAPTURE EVERY NOTE OF YOUR STYLE AND PERFORMANCE.
GUNN SX StreamTower: 7 speakers in one beautifully crafted design with touch screen interface, WiFi & uncompromised purity of sound.
A free online sound library that makes it easy to search for sounds in high quality.
Let kids enjoy their iPad/Tablet/Phone in a fun & friendly way with the My Doodles Wireless Speaker dock that keeps it safe and charged
Apple Certified Headphones with Lightning Connector. Listen to ALL your Music in Acoustic Quality it was Meant to be Experienced.
Stunning Sound Plus Portable Power
--
Listen to music with headphones that flash to the beat you are jamming to.  Imagine being that DJ that stands out from the rest.
Add motion to your sound! StringPad's technology immerses the gamer/listener into a never before experienced realism.
A new experience in personal audio that allows you to hear and feel the sound using advanced bone-conducting transducer technology
Our successful fundraising campaign will directly result in the commercial launch of our breakthrough product: the SlideWinder Ring.
The worlds 1ST Aluminium and Stainless Steel switchable open and closed back headphone - the TRINITY VARIO
EarShotz made using .40 cal brass casings  and earbuds. Makes for an awesome pair of headphones. Doubles as ear Safety Plugs!
FEATURES: 2X Phone Battery Life, Real-Time Light Show to Music, Voice & Ringtone, Protection, Slim.   NOW CLOSED Visit candelcase.com
A unique stand for the iPhone 5,  5s, 5c, 6, with an acoustic passive amplification horn.
Harry Joyce Amplifiers are Hand built in the United States of America to the highest specifications, using only the best components
The world's first waterproof speaker with the ability to attach to anything while protecting your phone in a sealed housing.
True Wireless and HD Audio for a High-Fidelity experience
Stackable intelligent 360° wireless touchscreen speaker. Portable minimalist design that compliments any surface.
Personalize the sound, design and comfort.
Make your own sound with magnetically attached modular headphone I/O.
A Business Extension Strategy. Taking a local business National.
WAVE is a floating Light & Bluetooth Speaker that floats under an electromagnetic device without touching any objects.
audio project
HIODY is the ultimate musically-infused hoodie. With its BT/Amp Module and powerful Speakers HIODY lets you enjoy music in a new way!
The m.e.™ was engineered to hear every sound, instrument, and note with unmatched clarity. Plug it into any device and HEAR EVERYTHING!
A majestic 28inch tall humanoid Bluetooth speaker with an alien story
The sound perfection at your fingertips. Wireless Bluetooth loudspeaker. Bass, quality... Forget about headphones the stereo...
What began as a monitoring device for musicians now adds safety and convenience for users of earphones, headphones and  video cameras.
The Worlds Best Earmuff Headphones that play incredibly clear audio while keeping you warm. Play songs, answer calls in fine fashion.
AeroSphere Headphones are the next best line of Wireless headphones to reach consumers with a one of a kind style and sound
Broadcast AUDIO or MUSIC to FM wireless NO WIFI required without bluetooth input sound with USB or SD card slots also charges devices
Distortion guitar pedal, hand-made, transistor based, feedback loop with 3D printed plastic enclosure.
Click..click..bzzzZZWAHHHHHHHH!
A full-fledged Arduino based Syntheszier costing less than $120, designed by three high school students as a final project.
PERFONIX is a new technology company that believes audio should no longer be a reactive sensation, but rather a proactive event.
A WIRELESS PREMIUM HIGH-PERFORMANCE 220W MUSCLE-SPEAKER STEREO SOUND SYSTEM BY VOIX.
A smart toy that connects families, preserves memories and creates a better musical and educational experience for kids.
Wait..Have you seen my mic? Well!! the mic is inside your head! Enjoy noise-free communication and Hi-FI sound quality!
First Generation Bluetooth Glow in the Dark Headphones - Introducing AFTERGLOW -  Bringing Light and Music Together.
Earphone-Connectables - Connect and hang around your neck, a NEW and INNOVATIVE way to carry your earphones!
Free and paid for sound effects hd
HiFi Wireless speaker with builtin player for Internet radio, Pandora, Airplay, Audio player & Messaging.
You decide what your earphones look like! Exclusively designed and handmade. Capture your memories and embed into your ear pieces!
Lighten up your day - XOUNTS UP combines great 360° sound, atmospheric light, personalized design and professional multimedia network!
Running, jogging, walking or office listening.  The adaptor allows you to hear your music and the world around you.
A NEW CONCEPT, A VIDEO NET RADIO STATION with Audio and Video Streaming. Watch the DJ host the show as you listen to the Music
Play your favorite music on your speakers from a distance with your Smarthphone, Laptop or Desktop using Bluetooth.
Gangster: Style Never Sounded So Good - Premium, Affordable Audio and Cell Phone Products! A brand that gives back!
Wavz Custom Made Earphones deliver sound in such an intimate and intense way they revolutionize all your music and gaming experiences.
Open up a world of tone options for your electric guitar with this customizable and modular plug-and-play wiring system.
We have a patent pending on a new product. It's simple but produces amazing results with sound. We are proud to say Made in the USA.
JAUX headphones allows you to take your music wherever you are! Listen to music alone with headphones, or with friends using the AUX!
Audio/Visual company constructed to support new and upcoming bands, public events, parties, and commercial events.
Whispers are a unique way to hear your music.  Whispers allow you to hear your music loud without blocking out the world around you.
Tired of carrying that heavy amplifier around to get the sound you need? These preamps give you quality tube tone in a 1 pound package!
It's truly amazing to hear. Just place your iPhone on the base and PRESTO! Scientifically designed for maximum sound. Patent pending.
Me encanta hacer feliz atraves de la musica. Mi idea es crear una sala de Eventos para celebrar todo tipo de fiestas.
Music and style redefined, simply and simpler.
You can build a good looking, great sounding stereo preamplifier kit. Your pre-orders enable the volume needed for a great price.
Cancelled.
Makes all audio wireless,  a multi-directional plug'n'play that simultaneously plays multiple devices
nan
Making a online website that sells free sound effects hd and other paid sounds
Multimidicontroller 45knobs (+ ? shadow) 12pads 5fader 9swich (2 and 5 way +6) integrated Clock 2x 16section (2section per controller)
In-Speaker High End Sound & Vision System. WiFi HD Sound & Vision from onboard firmware or your computer iPad phone. HDMI to your HDTV
Your private music cloud and multi-room streaming solution! Wi-Fi enable any stereo or TV and turn them into connected devices.
Power your stereo speakers with a beautiful sounding amp that plugs right into the wall. Stream music wirelessly from a mobile device
Infrasound generator, a free energy device drawing power from the 1000+ earthquakes that take place in the earth every year.
Space saving charging and audio playback station for all your portable electronic devices; supports USB and standard audio.
The speaker case for your iPhone that allows you to blast your favorite songs or make an important conference call whenever you want.
Sky Beats,
is not only a Colourful LED Lamp,
but also a High End Quality Hi-Fi Wireless Speaker

It can be controlled by Remote and APP
Increases the volume of any iPhone by an amazing twenty decibels! Artistic design; beautifully handcrafted. Made in the USA.
I'm teaching myself audio recording and music theory and spending my youth and onward with my nose buried in books and laptops. Cheers
Im going to build my kid a little boom box so he can play music in his room
Audio-responsive neon glow headphones that blend light, color & sound to make a serious statement. Welcome to the limelight!
Primer piano eléctrico que funcione gracias a las leyes de la electricidad.
First electric piano which works by the electrical laws.
A speaker system that levitates 2 to 7 balls that can also sync bounce to music and produce sound withgroumd based speakers
I want to build a coffee pot that plays it's time for the percolator every time you make a fresh pot of Joe!  How motivating is that!!
