Our project will help create a bunch of humor websites all dedicated to one man because it's funny and I get bored at work a lot.
Trying to raise funds for website maintenance and hosting costs.  Want to kick off Social Ad Trader.com.
Say anything nice, helpful to anyone anytime you like anonymously
El proyecto consistiría en crear una red sicial donde la gente pudiera proponer retos a sus amigos.
An online course series teaching Live Streaming essentials. Learn with HD videos, challenges, and solutions.
Please help us to build an educational website for kids. It will also include activities, games, videos and more.
We are building a business to business platform for the Marijuana Industry in Washington State.
The most efficient way to hire/find Manual Labor work for the best price! Detailed reviews and payable functions. subscription based.
Help us develop a modern cyber cafe where the kids can hang out, do homework if they choose or just have a day of fun and games.
By supplying a platform where new drivers can find qualify CDL schools and current drivers can find good paying driving career.
Found somebody that you care so much about. Don't want to forget a single moment? Start illustrating your time together in footsteps.
Want to know what your getting into, before you sign a lease? With Zipper house, you can discover the problems inside!
anywhere.cab will be the world's only legal taxi & limo driver geolocator "Commission Free" for all! Pure P2P surge protection:)
SurfSection.com Searches 281 million of the Best Online Surf Shop Products and Presents Only the Best Deals to our Shoppers.
Ever wanted to know the inside tips of your sporting heroes? Well ProSportsCoaches.com will give you that insight!
Insteeter.com comes with a new, modern social experience. Share. Chat. Love.
Social networking and commercial sales in one website. Facebook, ebay, craigslist, all in one. plus more!
Trendeir will be a social network with new features that no other social network has used them before!
my plan is to create a new way ecommerce sells products to consumers buy giving them savings they never thought possible
Ariel Sky is our project to create a best-in-class, revolutionary, EMR/EHR.  Completely mobile.  In the cloud.  Anytime, anywhere.
Bringing Laughter, Online Dating & Love all in one place. We all seek love, why not provide a creatively fun way to meet others. Thanks
Are you fed up with the big social media networks & ads? Do you find it difficult to stay privately in touch with family, friends?
New Social Media Site. We need a graphic artist/web designer who will brush up on 17 pngs with very little html elements on.
No more talk behind, no more wondering.
The goal of MiRambla is to offer to final users a "customized" service in the field of events!
Language nanny connects foreign nannies and parents who want their kid to grow up bilingual. The nannies raise the child bilingual.
The helpful web! In a world technology based, let's make a web site really useful for everyone, where you can find (or give) help!
HopeSocial will be a website providing free social media training for individuals and churches along with resources - graphics & videos
Music Star Network is being created to assist with the cultivation of musical talent around the world.
Apple Tree Leaf Foundation helps those suffering from cancer.  The website needs to be finished through funding from Kickstarter.
Forget flowers and chocolates, these customised bespoke care packages will deliver happiness to someone who needs it most
A "classy" community where Texas Hold'em players can improve and trade their skills and strategies through modern web apps.
Website to support medical cannabis growers and anyone 21 years of age or older.
Our physical Selves evolve. It is not enough only to be consoled.
Your digital-self can bring closure or continued postings to us All.
Every day thousands of people changing their place of residence. They need to change their address for some companies and departments.
A website that aggregates all the material a user has learned from online educational websites and posts it in a user profile.
SafeWeb.email™ is a safe & secure email service where every user is verified and approved to provide trust and accountably.
The purpose of this project is to connect businesses with local communities through interactive web site with feedback from consumers.
Erleben Sie das Gefühl von einem Neuen Sozialen Netzwerk. Ich habe die Idee das eingestaubte Soziale Netzwerk neues Leben einzuhauen
Cyber Remarks is a website to help students connect with their groups to share research about their school projects and papers.
We connect entrepreneurs, freelancers and talented people with employers and businesses wanting things done.
The Best New Social Network Dating Site!
Website where people find & share local bar happenings, such as live bands & comedy, trivia, open mic nights, drink/food deals & more
Look, KickStarter is great. We all love it. But we feel we can do it better. 5%? Really? With our new service, we would only charge 2%.
The new face of online auctions!!
Un nouveau système innovant de réseau social pour apprendre à mieux connaitre ses amis et faire des rencontres
A social media website limited to military members and government employees and their families.
Nothing big here but a forum that focusing on sharing news and biz of Russia, a place that all about Russia and understanding
La visite virtuelle est le média idéal pour promouvoir un lieu, une habitation, une entreprise, un évènement.
A new vision towards SmartShopping in virtual reality!
Help fund this campaign to launch a new company that aims towards innovating a new high school and university contact database.
People who visit hospital, fast food shop , or others business shop use this app for getting their turn to contact the staff.
...Keeping Memories Alive...
Sharing memories, remembering the great times and celebrating one's life should not come at such a cost !
We change the way you search all products and service on the web!
Creating a directory of community setup YouTubers / gamers. One of a kind. 'Cause the directory that is has-been!
Trying to let people know which apps they can't trust for advice. Some Apps give bad/deadly advice because no monitoring by FDA.
Sell Your New Or Used Junk For free!
Have you ever felt that someone was just lacking when it came to having balls?  Well now with our site you can remedy that scenario.
A platform to search for vets based on a set of criteria. Users book, manage appointments, submit reviews, and utilize other features.
CollegeMeans is an online marketplace exclusively for college students with an approved .edu to buy and sell their personal items.
A gaming social network  where you can share photos, videos of your favorite games, and detail your profile with all your achievements.
New social network that connects people using common interests which cuts down unnecessary searches or joining groups.
Allows you to tag and categorize people (contacts), photos, songs, videos, websites, places you've been via web or mobile platform.
CJ development track is a mobile app designed to keep track of professional certifications and training.
Who am I?What Kind of Life do I want to Live?How do I Achieve it - questions every student must ask themselves as they plan for college
Pinpoint Beauty helps connect Hairdressers, Nail techncians and Beauticians with their customers, vice vera.
Einsame Flugblätter auf Schwarzen Brettern, die nie jemand sieht? Schnee von gestern. Wir vermitteln junge Nachhilfelehrer und Suchende
After seeing a video online of a cat owner online playing with his cats with a robot I had an idea and ran with it.
Sick and tired of Facebook's censorship, and "left wing" policies.
I want to create a true, uncensored, Libertarian, type of site.
This site will help buyers by giving them a better visualization of property(s) thus reducing search cost and time.
PPS is a social media platform for skates to connect worldwide, Find every skate park & skate spots in there area and connect to locals
We desperately need an interactive website to educate and provide live saving emotional health services first responders.
We promote aspiring hockey players and recruiting teams then bring them together on a safe neutral platform to find opportunity.
Strangers write letters and stories for you. It's as simple as that.
An Online Wine School Explaining the Fundamentals, Main Grapes, Regions & Frequently Asked Questions about Wine.
Digital Entrepreneur Workshop will help 1000 people launch 1000 new websites online businesses in 180 days.
Create an interactive on-line web course to help college students identify and change thoughts that cause despairing anxieties.
An online learning portal providing results based on the user’s learning styles in a social environment.
Help fund an online course delivery service for people of all ages to teach and learn.
We increase survival rate in emergency situations by facilitating vital health information so faster & better assistance is provided.
Our goal is to help students find their passion earlier in life, so that they are more likely to graduate and lead successful careers.
Unlimited possibilities! A Cloud based records and receipt locker that can be accessed by any internet connected device with a browser.
W M B  IS  VIRTUAL SERVICE  COMPANY WE HELP 
PROVIDE TECHNICAL TRAINING FOR  LOW INCOME INDIVIDUALS  FOR  THE CARRIER OF TOMORROW
A website devoted to educating U.S. citizens on current legislation and bringing their voice to their representatives.
Looking for funding to continue the Tom Bowl web site (tombowl.com). Covers the cost of the domain name and hosting for a year.
EXPi delivers the results of your searched word or phrase in a active image stream, backed by a matching audio track.
Pictures of Hope' is a convenient web-service where you can share your heart with kids and get a bit of theirs in return.
Finally a dating website that will be targeted to all geeks, nerds, and gamers. A fun & interactive way to meet your Zing!
Simplify your life by using agapt for all your personal and business activities instead of using many disconnected apps.
An internet website that supports individuals and small business in the real estate industry
The newest networking site for people and businesses. Post your task and get local business to bid on it!
Machining-tutorials.com is a website that teaches all things machining.
This philanthropic mission projects seeks to see missing persons reports on every 404 page error worldwide.
How about a web based yearbook for your school promotion? No more printed yearbook, but a nice yearbook that you will be able to update
A website that will distribute anime, stream gaming, and host cosplay forums to connect and help the gamer/anime community
Extant Solutions is a software concept that I have been working on for years. Extant Solutions, Putting Quality Back In Business.
Think fantasy football for politics. A virtual parliament where you can choose anyone from the population to represent you.
I want to create a free website for all types of Christians and those looking for the right place to worship.
WifiUnited provides members an easy way to connect to other members' WiFi worldwide. No expensive roaming charges when you are abroad.
Taking a paperless approach to renting and saving trees one application at a time.
Democratizing high end artistic 3D design apps for digital content and 3D printing.
I'm creating both a website and an application that allows you to enter your location and find the nearest open golf course to you.
Creating opportunities for people seeking to secure employment through the use of video introduction in place of sending cover letters.
A world first and complete shopping search engine. The Google of online shopping. Search through every website all on one site.
A place where those with Cancer can chat with other cancer patients and find information in one place about health and financial help.
Website dedicated to furthering fitness and nutritional lifestyles through resources, products, and your local farmers and businesses.
This website will help you which movie, book, tv show (and much more) fits perfectly to your taste!
A private club-designed to enjoy adventures, events, locally and worldwide. Helping connect people with common interest,and socially.
Help us bridge the gap between having a website address and knowing the categories to which it belongs.
What's happening in the world of Dating? Everyone seems to have a question. Are they legit? stalker? criminal? or just looking for sex?
Preserving and sharing memories of our loved ones.
There are currently no online marketplaces for magical items. This needs to change. We aim to provide a community for those shops.
Learn to make your own WordPress theme using WordPress framework.
HreyesOnly.com is a website dedicated to Corporate recruiters only. No more annoying third-party recruiters and staffing firms allowed.
A social media platform to rate,submit photos, and share every little detail of a venue so that when others visit, they feel at home.
Need you for the scooters-news.com website.
--- 
Besoin de vous pour le site scooters-news.com.
Welcome to the age of freelance environmentalism. Now with Greengigga.com we can empower each other to empower the environment.
SMARTER way of buying and selling platform for online Users
Finally a way to bring vendors and event planners together. Say "No!" to empty spaces and a lack of events to attend.
The new UK social network site, safe and secure and more features then other social networks
Create your own Internet of Things. Turn things into smart products, manage online, and share with friends. Add value to anything!
load a design,receive bids,see artists work,shop location,ratings,read the guide to selecting the artists style for your specific TA-2.
Answer to when, where & with whom to party. Crowdcrater is an online networking platform to deliver real-time social connections
A platform for designing various apps with ease. Users can drag and drop icons, attach images, access different apps (camera, maps,etc)
A Web Show with lots of fun things!
Weight loss and full body fitness at home through You Tube fitness channel with videos hosted by Stan Frydich, 2002 Mr. Olympia World.
This website is not your typical site, in that, you will be able to pay to feed the bear. Joe. Hes a hungry boy, and never has enough.
Web-service to protect every crowdfunding project, innovation or idea, by real-time cryptographic event as evidence of authorship.
Not just for singles, its an online experience the way it oughta be; you'll never be embarrassed to say you met online again
Everything is about EAT Finger Shopping 1hr Express Foodcourt & Supermarket Online..You click We'll do the rest..
   wowoeat.weebly.com
Experienced PK-12 teacher including Special Ed developing a unique website bringing qualified educators to communities needing it most!
Be part of a platform that will shape the future of the world. Our contributors are sharing wisdom on 'how' - 7 minutes at a time.
What if, first, we got clear on how we actually wanted to feel in our life, and then we laid out our intentions?
It's a collection of the websites most people around the world use on a daily basis.
The booklet "Putting Spammers out of Business" will enable even beginners to hit back at spammers where it really hurts them.
Lets bring some customer service back to real estate
Live it, Share it.
A full featured website for fans of H1Z1 zombie game. Funds are for hosting the website.
Top Purveyor is a global Food Marketplace that alows 
 safe transactions between trading countries in need of certain resources.
Are you a witness of something illegal or a harmful act? Want to aware people of something? Report now using our apps & spread the word
A mobile-first website that helps you plan trips to hockey games at any of over 5,000 arenas in North America.
A step-by-step tutorial guide teaching you methods for getting users, traffic, and revenue to your website, startup, or brand, fast.
With your help we can revolutionize website design curriculum in high schools.
You can help get Drupal 8 off to a great start. Support OSTraining's project to create free Drupal 8 training for everyone!
We are revolutionizing the way people train their interns and employees both online + in-person with our crowd-sourced social network.
Are you struggling with your passwords? ZenyPass is an open source application, that solves the complexity of using secure passwords.
A Co-operative Movement For Florists. Developing A Fair & Flexible Online Marketing Platform To Help Promote & Sell Their Own Work.
A groundbreaking visualization of who gives money to federal politicians.
HeartMob is a platform that provides real-time support to individuals experiencing online harassment and empowers bystanders to act.
We're backing up US government databases on climate change and the environment before Trump takes office on January 20th.
Goaleo is the first sports social platform. Your detailed sport profil, skills, stats and live coaching by champions. Join the team.
Start and support local climate change campaigns and see the benefits on Ohno's life through this gamified platform.
FinanceU is a community-based platform that empowers any student to build his or her own scholarship via crowdfunding and other tools.
Learn Angular 2 Development By Building Projects - is a online course to learn Angular 2 Development by building 10 real word apps.
A WordPress plugin built specifically for professional public speakers. Show off past & future events. Get more gigs. Make more money.
Learn to create a website for your business, blog, or portfolio with WordPress in this online course. No coding or experience required.
All the teen mags are dead. Boo. Long live Not Your Mum. Yay! 100% trustworthy life info & advice for kids embarking on puberty.
Level up your Django skills! Learn how to build and deploy fast, scalable Django sites with this e-book by the pros at Lincoln Loop.
Helping students build the skills they need to go from just playing notes on a page to making music.
A monthly subscription service that links to Instagram to bring physical photographs back to life.
CapsizeTV pulls live streams from across the internet and presents them on one site, in one format. Help us bring it to your pocket!
Public Network for Scientific Development
xprincipia.com
Afridots.com is a directory for local search and advert placement that connects people to African related/owned businesses nationwide.
Are Wisconsin elected officials listening to Wisconsin citizens? My data answers that question.
The Hub will connect people across multiple social media platforms, young or old, experienced or a novice The Hub will be your home
A Mobile Community Providing Unbiased Consumer Reporting, Training, and Expert Support For Family Mental Health Care
A digital library that facilitates the sharing of the world’s most compelling infographics between content creators and content users.
Social media networking at its best for a purpose and with a purpose. For recovering addicts and alcoholics on the road to recovery.
It's a non-profit social network, built for one purpose: to solve the world's problem in a collective effort.
Help PreK-12 teachers build all students' critical thinking, language, and social skills in any classroom!  Scroll down to learn more.
¿Tienes una pequeña o mediana empresa y necesitas vender y dar a conocer tus productos y servicios?
We're training people to become Digital Nomads. 12 people are brought to Medellin, Colombia to learn remote freelance web development.
Soccertransfair is a platform on which soccer players can enter their player profile and so can be found specific by clubs woldwide.
A Browser extension that reads agenda driven news/headlines & replaces them with something much more believable or even introspective!
An easy and free way to keep track of maintenance, safety and project management.
A community-focused marketplace website for design-led Christian gifts from some of the UK's most gifted designers and makers. Join us?
Wireless Insider is a "challenger brand" to major tech news websites. The goal is to create a robust & relevant UK tech news community.
Explore the when and where of the past and the future. Tell our stories, big and small. This is the atlas and timeline of all things.
What if you could save ten hours in traffic with as little as five minutes a week on your phone? Now you can, and its free.
The the world’s first social commerce site offering a curated selection of natural products by local makers from around the world.
Treebu is a digital media platform that helps people make better choices as individuals and as a collective.
We want to develop a website for free and professional image editing.
Connekd is a website and mobiles App that brings all your social activity to one great place. One dashboard with loyalty rewards.
We have for project to create a web application to share and listen to music whith your friends in parties.
Do not miss nothing of your trip ... I just have a smartphone ... www.paesechevai.org the journey begin.
We want to create an easy to use online streamed video elearning service focused on providing digital skills for UK SME's & govt depts
Thankband combines offline and online technology to track random acts of kindness to see how they travel around the world.
Rising money to launch, promote and support my revolutionary social network about share our dreams, goals or special feats to achieve.
The HouseWife is an online modern company that helps everyone to find whatever they need for their household without leaving the house.
An internet website that supports individuals and small business in the real estate industry
The IT Community is an online IT Knowledge Base where IT guys from around the world can create articles to help other people.
A private social network, free from social media, where you OWN your data!
There are hundreds if not thousands of hobbies in the world. This is a network to connect like interests and inspire.
Hello, we are VB-Gaming.de. Our Goals are to show how easy it is to Stream and how everybody can grow with his Stream through a Network
A Faithful Mate is here for people to make friends, build relationships, bridging the gap between two.
We are a start-up company based in Brisbane that have developed a website that will assist students in getting their business started.
A new and unique online platform, that helps artists of all disciplines  & dealers to sell their work/merchandise directly and well
Toolkit. Membership Site. Support Network. Easy to understand, realistic & personalized. Positive results and better self control.
Haven’t you always dreamed of participating to activities at a reduced price ? Us too ! With Event Planner your dreams become true !
We intend to create an online platform for individuals to teach or learn a skill via online classrooms and forums.
Vidsync is a video synchronization website that allows users to watch videos with friends, at the same time!
This site offers the support to young minds. People who need extra support with learning or mental stability can be offered one-on-one.
Every day there's thousands of news articles about private sales gone wrong. Seller Ranks offers peace of mind when purchasing.
Free Pretty Themes is the one stop place for free, pretty, feminine Wordpress blog themes + free installation.
Oticks will offer a Ticket marketplace website where it connects sellers/buyers and enables transactions without owning any tickets.
Social Made Simple is a social media dashboard, image editor, hashtag research tool and auto poster designed for the average Joe.
Reiseportal mit Gewinnbeteiligung der User
We are going to create the first worldwide pyrotechnic network, a new social place for profesionals and also fans.
LiveCirkit is a social media site where users will be live 24-7 on any device that has internet access.
The goal: Offer some of the best performing and stable fitness calculators on the internet in an easy to use, beautiful environment.
Enable anybody to share their pictures, videos and documents with their friends and family, while ensuring security and privacy.
Mejoramiento del emprendimiento online artepivida.com, para hacerlo autosustentable y ayudar a mucha gente del mundo del arte.
Granted a Copyright - First Time Happenng in Christianity www.truejourneyofchrist.com photos available - A unique reward for investors.
I'm looking to revolutionize the way technical professionals connect with customers. From professional cleaning to A\C repair.
Tell the world of something you've lost and let the magic of knowledge bring it back to you
Creation of CottageBiz.com Web Portal & Directory for Home Based Businesses.
We Can Care is a web based "care delivery" concept that will enable "caring" for those distant loved ones easier and heartfelt.
online soccer community - members buy, sell and donate pre-owned soccer shoes and equipment, helping each other and preventing waste
Launched in 2003 and "sunsetted" last year, Upcoming.org was the original art and tech events community. Let's bring it back.
Let's give a million missing words their rightful places in the dictionary.
Prototypo is an open-source online typeface editor: start shaping a complete typeface using sliders, then refine spacing and outlines.
Bring Reading Rainbow’s library of interactive books & video field trips to more platforms & provide free access to classrooms in need!
We are bringing mapping to the masses. Our site will provide users with the capability to easily create current, high-resolution maps.
Webhook is the easiest way to build a custom CMS for your next website.
We're building a website that enables eligible Americans to apply for food stamps from any smartphone.
The best website on the Internet (tvtropes.org) is becoming more awesome! New designs, mobile versions, thematic discovery, and more!
Revolutionize CoMunn, the platform that lets communities share and preserve digital memories.
A Huge Coding Animation Bundle - Learn to develop stunning visual animations(HTML5/JavaScript/AS3). No programming experience required.
California campaign finance information is very difficult for most to access and understand. Dollar Dollar Bill's software fixes that.
More visibility for entrepreneurial & technical women. For event managers - less hassle finding women speakers for panels & events
We are an online sports community that strives to empower young female athletes to reach their full potential.
Access Cantonese headwords in Hanzi or Jyutping; English glosses; character, word, or phrase look-up; character animations; and more.
walkzee is the 1st free online platform connecting shelter dogs in need of a walk to dog lovers looking for a walking buddy!
Help us build the Wikipedia for farming and gardening!
MyTransHealth is a FREE website that connects the transgender community with qualified healthcare providers.
Create your own web apps with Ruby on Rails. Learn by doing with interactive tutorials, coding challenges and cartoons!
Amener les 8-12 ans au code à travers une web application et des petits monstres
A practical course on developing applications in a purely functional programming language
The online class that makes preparedness lovable. Learn to prepare smarter, not harder. For your needs, on your timeline, in your way.
The new way of learning to code! School of Code presents the world's first multiplayer coding platform. Team up and have fun coding!
Die Nase voll von Mailkonten und Kundenportalen? Dann lass eli@s und den :::(bit)kasten deine Post ins 21. Jahrhundert bringen.
Mypafway is an online store locator and specializes in comparison shopping for automotive parts and accessories.
We are serving small and disadvantaged businesses through building the most complete, business specific e-learning library on the web,
A firmware database for PCM (Powertrain Control Modules) for GENIII Hemi powered vehicles
A website helping you find out when beer festivals are happening, where to buy tickets, and read/post reviews of past events.
We are the first and only no spoiler movie screening site for phobia sufferers! phobiasatthemovies.com Over 1500 movies screened!
Help contribute to build a website designed to create an online community for soccer/football jersey swaps around the world.
Martsocial will be a free social network market place that would allow anyone or any business to sell any service or product for free
Dreameat comes into your home with food and beverage companies and operators of Italian tourism. You can deal with them.
A website where the community will come together to control, create, or destroy a universe.
A platform that was created for clans or guilds as a hub to host all gaming activities and recruitment for free....yes FREE
VIAB is Inventory Mgmt for antiques vendors, crafters, flea marketers and other creative sellers. Cloud based, affordable, simple.
An online invention show mixed with Shark Tank and Dragons Den.
Where inventors can publish their ideas and get them seen by companies!
Get connected to a mystery person with legacy post mail through this project. #sharehobbies #shareambitions #mysterymate
Rentah is a peer-to-peer marketplace where individuals and businesses can rent out their goods, services and spaces now.
Easily create website that's a virtual environment. Our first eShowplace lets you show off your content on a steampunk zeppelin.
Piceet - Submit suggestions - Vote on what you want next - Winner gets implemented!
Looking for funding to continue the Tom Bowl web site (tombowl.com). Covers the cost of the domain name and hosting for a year.
Homesteader Hub will be THE place for likeminded homesteaders to find each other and other awesome resources. #communityrocks
A fully independent comparison tool for insurances, created to make your life easier!
A web marketplace for people in post-Soviet countries to have fun while buying and selling online services and digital products.
How many people has influenced your walk with Christ.  Wouldn't it be great to link them together and start a movement of good?
a simple and user freindly version of craigslist
A homepage for the elderly! 
With its clean design and its simple setup, Netthelpen.com is the perfect homepage for the gray-haired!
Open Data Available in JSON Format about Matches, Results, Standings, Fixtures and Performances for Serie A 2014-2015 & 2015-2016
Gemeinsam gegen Tierquälerei. Wir alle informieren, mehrsprachig, Hundehalter und Co. über vorsätzlich ausgelegte Giftköder.
Designed and built on open source principals, tools + code, CloudBooks Accounting will directly compete with MYOB & Reckon Software
THINK RECRUITMENT PROFILES FOR ATHLETES, FROM THE TOP TO BOTTOM---ALL VERIFIED STATS!

A SERVICE TO BE OFFERED FOR ALL AT ANY LEVEL!
Africax5.tv is an online youth creative platform showcasing the best in African Entertainment. We currently have 200k + visits Monthly
An e-commerce solution that will provide our First Responders and Firefighters with the protective equipment they need to keep us safe.
A place for children to do research and learn from appropriate educational search results on their Andriod, iOS and web devices.
An effective job/resume posting website than Monster or LinkedIn. A way for job seekers to promote themselves. Save HR managers time.
Help us to create a completely new Social Networking experience. We have not reinvented the wheel, but we changed the direction of it.
A website where people can see what products contain unsustainable palm oil, and see more ecologically friendly alternatives.
PickMod is a new database that collects all technical specifications and Custom ROMs for modding every smartphone.
Start the internet surfing from your personal pretty startpage. You can collect, edit, decorate and share favorite links with the world
JustIn takes citizen journalism to new heights. Citizens report stories and recent and most popular stories are shared with others
BE PART OF A UNIQUE CONCEPT THAT CREATES EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITIES FOR YOUNG ADULTS WHILE EMPOWERING THEM TO "BE THEIR OWN BOSS"
Connecting those in need with those who provide, a non-profit free world-wide web-based service.
Connecting individual people in urgent humanitarian/social need directly with people who are interested and available to help them.
iGeekReviews.com is a tech review website. We have a BETA with a long URL sosoaspm2.wix.com/iGeek and seek a legit domain and hosting.
Bizzydoo.com is the most convenient & trusted way to find local things to do with kids. Just type in your zip code to start searching!
A central website for everything gospel related to aid in spiritual growth and aid in the 2nd coming by hel spread the gospel worldwide
The Swaps Network is simply a place to swap things with others. The swap-making service will notify you of possible swaps with others.
Ranked Music Community is a website dedicated to finding, cultivating & showcasing music and those who create it.
LivingList is the antidote to the bucket list. It focuses on doing, celebrating, sharing and living the cool stuff we do in life.
Network Tv is the TV revolution you’ve been waiting for. Enjoy the Tv has never been so simple and available anywhere and anytime.
A new way to preserve your school year has been created. Introducing YearbookPlus, a yearbook add-on website.
Calentic is a free online platform that allows individuals and businesses to share their calendars and events with the public.
Natural Health Sciences. Website and App featuring 4K quality short infotainment content outlining the world of Natural Health.
ScanChex helps ensure that important tasks are being done by the right person at the right time and location using smartphones.
Roofora is a new exclusive and trusted marketplace specially designed for students who find difficulties in searching an accommodation.
We are creating the world's first online government using encrypted and highly advanced security to give control back to the people!
The worlds first full YouTube experience. Bringing you 24/7 YouTube news and an online community, all on one, easy to use platform.
Innogenious is a social network that pairs businesses with innovators to find solutions for challenges while showcasing unique ideas.
Phenomclips.com is a video sharing/search site for parents and students who want to post videos of the students performing their sport.
We're building an online platform for music education, practice, and collaboration. It's a central hub for your musical life.
Mawwwage is an all-inclusive wedding website service. We offer modern, aesthetic themes that you can quickly populate or fine tune.
The QuivExchange is an online social trading site allowing athletes to buy, sell, trade or exchange extreme sports equipment.
wordycat is an exclusive network in which freelance language professionals and their customers meet at eye level.
Focuses primarily on bringing fans all over the world in one group to interact with each other about their favorite sports team.
Do you enjoy watching AMVs (Anime Music Videos)? Are you tired of annoying ads and music copyright laws? Then check out Kuruko!
The social will be usable by all the young designers in the world, who need to sell their fashion creations, self-produced.
Travel the world. Visit wineries. Taste wines. Share your experience. With Winedering
We are keeping that smile on your face through oud unique and excentric way of comedy through an interesting idea for a website.
Califoryou.com is a destination website, specializing in things to do and places to see in California. Califoryou is Your California.
Giving college student experience for what they know.
I'm creating a website where customers can find beauty pros in the DMV area that will match businesses w/ clients specifically for them
Blocks Cyber Hackers. Auto Installer. Upload one file to your server type "install.cgi". Monitors Unlimited Web Pages On a domain.
We need to create a new and amazing website with the ability to upload from Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram. Any leftovers=marketing $
Everything you loved about Justin.TV will be brought back to life. Videos, Movies, Music & Livestreams!
Putting the connection back in humanity with the help of your own personal assitant. Have you been booked?
Thulya is a next generation Social Network with many innovative  features that are currently lagging in other popular social networks.
Sell Work. Get Work. Network.
Sustainable improvements on one of the worst roads in Germany, traffic-websites, traffic-services, -databases, -newspaper, eBook etc.
Giving the classroom, back to the teacher!

Giving you the feedback you need to put your focus where it should be, on the students!
AVO is an online portal that bridges the gap between homelessness and the job market. 
(www.avoforhomeless.squarespace.com)
A website about creations by extraordinary people from around the world.
Where students from each university can read and share true college stories.
Make vintageselling.com AMAZING
UnimeTV's goal to revolutionize the way anime lovers interact with one another. Connect with others around the globe like never before!
A million snow lovers from all over the planet, connected to each other with a common goal. "To have the best snow experiences 
ever."
Mioti is an indie game marketplace that doubles as a community for developers to join networks and discuss projects.
Humans have AM/FM/Satellite radio, kids have radio Disney, pets have DogCatRadio.
Snag-A-Slip is an online platform that connects boaters with awesome marinas and available boat slips so that they can book with ease.
FairwayJockey.com is a web platform to make high quality custom tour golf equipment available at a lower cost to the consumer.
Dive into 3D fractal star fields of web browsing, social networking, and project/contact management. Your YOUniverse of data #UMEOS
Grow your YouTube channel and increase your audience by allowing multi uploads, shares and interaction from a single simple interface.
Wird der PC nicht genutzt, belohnt Gridcoin Rechenleistung für wissenschaftlichen Fortschritt - Uscore macht diese Forschung zum Spiel!
UthTopia Is a social media organization that believes in positive online usage, youth mentorship, and youth empowerment.
Emails are one of pervasively used mode of communication today. However, emails can be personal and sometimes discretion is needed.
weBuy trade built on technology and Crowd Sourced Power
Learn classic and public key cryptography with a full proof-of-concept system in JavaScript.
Asia Konnect where business meets people and lifestyle.

http://www.asiakonnect.com/
International travelers & consumers in destination trade the service of importing items purchased from US web shops via travel luggage.
We're creating a social networking site specifically for pet lovers, owners & enthusiasts. A calm and friendly network of friends.
This project supports a novel very simple CMS called SCIMS which is designed for people in need of simple and easy-to-use websites.
Student money/finance management system. For the both the new and continuing university students of the UK.
The Floydseum is the first 3D Virtual Reality Interactive Museum on the Pink Floyd band, history and memorabilia.
Connect Ed-  a website platform to link schools, community groups and charities together to share good practice/develop partnerships
Bring Judo Math's innovative program online, providing kids and teachers the resources they need to succeed in schools near you!
Teen Made is a 100% for teens. Teens can join projects, get mentors, and open their own online shops. Invest in the future…
Let’s join together to help 100 military families smooth the transition from the service to civilian employment.
Learn Angular.Js step by step through the process of building 10 different projects using Angular.JS.
A new music platform dedicated to getting local musicians paid, heard, and connected
Lets you play along with professional ensembles: mute, solo, slow down & loop any combination of parts from our ever-expanding library!
After countless pleas from our community, WeBuyBlack will now expand to include Black Owned Service-Based Businesses.
A fully integrated 24/7 Global Prayer Service Website, helping people who are suffering worldwide to ask & receive  prayers immediately
An online course to teach developers how to build and deploy web apps with Docker. Level up your DevOps skills today.
Baybayin is a nearly extinct writing system from the Philippines. I'm trying to keep the script alive through using technology.
Drop-in dynamic content, with new editable HTML elements you can use anywhere.
The fun of Guitar Hero combined with a real musical instrument. Pianu makes learning to play the piano available to anyone.
The Gamified Learning Journey to learn Yu-Kai Chou's latest research in Behavioral Science, Gamification, and motivational Psychology.
Adore Your Walls is an online art advisory service that helps people find art that they love for any budget and space.
Ever wanted to learn how to play split stack, how to cut better, how the Buzz Bullets or Fury offence works? Now you can with Flik!
Stick the Internet to your fridge. Adorn your office with 153 magnetic HTML tags. Fun and educational!
Wonder what our kids are doing on the computer? Infinernet is kids translating what this infinity of the internet is to their parents.
Advanced web tools now belong to the people, through Kalabox, an integrated workflow solution for Drupal developers.
Smartbe n’est pas un simple logiciel de création de Site Web de plus, il exploite l’intelligence artificielle et les objets connectés.
Tapewo: the next big thing in e-recruiting.
Tapewo: l'évolution logique du recrutement en ligne.
TIM makes influencers marketing accessible for everyone in the most honest way by offering a worldwide marketplace!
Independent online retailer of all things Eco friendly, Handmade, Organic, Fair trade and Locally Produced
(Online store/Market Stall)
Eye Candy Skateboards is a Nashville, TN based company designed to promote the art of skateboarding by collaborating with artists.
editr is the easiest way for web developers to make changes to their website's code, from any device, anywhere in the world.
Avalonplay is a social platform that takes your gaming experiences and makes them a part of your social life. Join the revolution!
Work email makes us sad :( Epic-Email will make you smile with clever email salutations generated with a single click :)
Roommate matchmaking service exclusively for military personnel. They protect our nation, they deserve our help!
Creating a Transgender Violence Tracking Portal that helps our community and the public stay informed.
We are using technology and AI to solve the world's biggest problems for the world's neediest people.
Merging cognition and gaming, using tools to help people uncover and track their cognitive abilities, and how they improve with gaming.
Help me create a web environment that allows people give and receive answers in a concise & orderly fashion.
Kazzit is your online wine community, connecting wineries, vineyards, restaurateurs, collectors, and enthusiasts.
A new social media platform giving youth a safe place to talk about culture and identity, ask questions, and build understanding.
Help us turn Neocities, our free and ad-free website building community, into an educational platform for learning to code for the web!
Supporting a wider range of awesome PostgreSQL features in Django - including hstore, JSON and full text search
The creators of the daily deal are bringing back the simple concept, without the messy clutter of, well, more than one deal a day.
Carrots and Flowers is a creative lifestyle website promoting vegan food, wellness, and the pursuit of happiness.
A free social media and e-commerce platform to host and sell any art form. Easy for artists to use and for art lovers to buy!
Curated learning of "all things online" based on your needs so you can succeed. Done with micro-learning & perfect for busy schedules.
A modern & fun way to learn music. Kitsune Music Academy can be used as either a replacement or supplement to traditional music lessons
An online coaching tool-set for practice planning. Created by a community of coaches dedicated to helping coaches, help kids.
I've built a website that allows kids to upload insect photos, have the bugs identified, and ask entomologists about the insects.
Wedding Cancelled? Marriage over? Did she walk out? Did he leave the ring behind? There is a website for that.... Justjilted.org
Learn to simply get the behaviors you want and end those behaviors you don't want.  No frustration, no confusion, no battle of wills!
An online, free-to-use, all-in-one, educational supplement.
Kickstart your career. Learn JavaScript with Eric Elliott, author of "Programming JavaScript Applications" (O'Reilly).
I want to buy the domain name loves.space because I want the url catie.loves.space. It's important to my brand.
Create mobile-friendly, dynamic infographics. Transform data into beautiful stories to analyze and explore.
Nikweli is a people bank; not a job bank. We connect 850,000 new labour market entrants every year to employers in Tanzania via mobile.
The OSFC improves an existing software client for better stability, new features, and cross-fandom support.
We are proud to introduce the Secular Women Work conference, a conference by and for activists, coming to Minneapolis in August 2015.
A school of theology that uses video teleconferencing to offer face-to-face adult faith formation taught by Ph.D.-level theologians.
Support the first IFW event and join up Mediedagarna to talk about internet freedom with Glenn Greenwald, Peter Sunde and Julia Reda.
Fidus Store is a web application that safeguards and protects user content and data in the cloud. Supports Box, Dropbox, Google Drive.
We will change the way you think about shopping for your pup.
Avennu is an online directory and booking system for creative spaces. List or find event locations, backdrops, and exhibition spaces.
We are building a website to allow anyone to search for Veteran Owned Businesses near them.
An all inclusive online resource for partner acrobatics that includes a built in social network, encyclopedia, map, and courses.
A Geo-Targeted Single Hub that Searches Other Sites, Creates Listings, & gives Death Row Should-Be Pets Exposure they Need & Deserve.
Relive great moments with friends & loved ones. Create a stunning book from your WhatsApp conversations, in 3 simple steps!
$10,000 will help us purchase the latest computers and equipment for our new internet cafe in Chicago's Back of the Yards neighborhood.
KickStarter project research data provided in spreadsheet format along with expansion of the PowerKickers.com website for information.
The only thing standing between veterans and their next great mission is access to the right information and resources.
A FREE Living and Evolving Dictionary to help the Balinese language continue to Live and Evolve (and be a model for others)
Mommy's ToolBox is a monthly subscription of 4-5 samples for Mommy & baby filled with necessities delivered right to your front door.
I am looking to raise money for a class website that students and parents can access videos, homework assignments, and much more.
The current low-cost hosting provider has been having reliability issues with their DNS server, making LbNA frequently unavailable.
Spotter brings local advertising opportunities to local advertisers, simplifying the local media buying process to a single point.
Recently quit my job to travel the world. Currently in Asia, and have started a travel blog. I'd like to make it more professional.
citadel is a simple chrome app that enables you to edit any website on the internet and save it.
Apps and APIs for members of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints
RaspTOR is a Raspberry PI cluster indexing TOR hidden services (.onion) making them readily searchable to the privacy-concerned public
The future home of the UK Christian Chart, video interviews & reviews, news & updates and many more exciting features
A civic app to help people find Chicago parks with natural areas in order to enjoy nature in the city. Over 60 venues are featured.
Lockin is a secure file hosting service that wants to make it easy for you to share files with the highest security standards.
Primrose Place™ is an online platform that assists baby boomers in creating a memorable keepsake book that can be given as a legacy.
Marketplace for people who create beautiful home goods out of wood & metal in their home/sml shop & make a living doing what they love.
Looks and feels like Twitter but built for the open web: encrypted and anonymized and decentralized; and only you hold the keys.
Redesign swtorconquest.com to work better on mobile devices and display data in a more organized manner.
A socially curated directory of websites, mobile apps, desktop programs, and electronic products for teaching and learning.
College is expensive. We help students and schools not waste that investment with quick, easy, yet immersive major/career test-drives.
Live Fitness Classes From The Best Gym's and Studios Across The Country Streamed To Any Personal Device Connected To The Internet.
Analyze your genome, know your ancestry, predict your children's traits - using cutting-edge computer algorithms!
I'm a Single Air Force Veteran & there are no dating websites just for Veterans. I would like to help Veterans find LOVE...
An explosion of Urban Lifestyle! We ARE THE HUB for connecting you to  Businesses, Resources, Services, TV & Technology across America
USPF is here again! We want to make sure we can do a proper live stream this year. Help us out!
The New Digital Platform for MUSIC PROFESSIONALS.
The debate rages on: Hard G or soft G? Let's put our money where our mouths are. Vote with your dollars. Make a difference. Settle it!
We are looking to raise funds in order to license commercial software and plugins needed to power the fourth iteration of UtaForum.net!
Export is an entirely free to use graphics tutorial site that produces high quality, easy to follow lessons from the basics up.
Vaytus is a curated music streaming service for indie music fans, indie artists, and anyone who loves better music.
MAKE LEARNING COME ALIVE! Discard book-based learning for (visual, verbal, aural and physical) learning for future students!
An online book teaching you everything you need to know to build responsive mobile applications using MeteorJS.
Helping you to secure your computer and your data, using plain English, with step by step instructions.
Help us make a collaborative website for you to make your innovative ideas come to life - www.hopler.co
iTANDEM was born from the philosophy of the linguistic tandem.
An easy, dynamic and effective tool to practice a new language.
Pride 2.0 assists LGBTQ people in establishing fantastic self-esteem, health, wealth, and happiness in every area of life.
An online video based relationship tool- affordable and practical to all engaged & newlywed couples to achieve their Happily Ever After
Download more internet has been serving the highest quality free internet to hundreds of users for a year, and needs to be saved!
I'm trying to improve the lives of people with disabilities by developing more accessible digital products
If you play School Idol Festival, School Idol Tomodachi is the ultimate resource for links, information, fun & more!
A Complete Guide to Master JavaScript Server Programming and its frameworks including NoSQL database systems
Support the world’s first marketplace dedicated to men and we'll change your everyday shopping experience. Get your glory back!
Do you want american netflix? Are you tired of blocked websites? Do you want to be completely anonymous? If so, VPNGhost is for you!
WeBuyBlack.com is an online marketplace for all African American sellers to display their products for sale.
The Naked Bullfrog is an interactive platform for finding and referring local businesses that are pushing the needle on sustainability.
Move and chat with friends or strangers inside your customized cafe, without ads or conversation archiving. Spread music, no traces!
Flowarts.me is a free website designed to help people learn various flow arts and contribute their knowledge to the Flow Art Community.
A Photographers business management tool for WordPress..
Projects, Tasks, Quotes and Customer Management are just some of the features
Learn how to build the web applications of tomorrow using Angular 2 via an online video course and associated e-book
Help us take Language Arts tutoring where it has never gone before. The quality of olde meets the science and software of today.
A new website for a game where you are in control of your own airline. At the moment you can select from over 1000 real airlines.
Strat Shark is an online tool for competitive gamers to create and share strategies seamlessly with their team or the world.
We believe that every young person deserves an equal opportunity to become their Future Anything.
The #1 WordPress Bookstore Plugin is about to get even better.
A database specifically catered to people working in the Entertainment Industry.  Give and receive 'Kudos' to extend your network.
Get feedback on your business idea from your target audience before you invest heavily. Targeted, unbiased, and affordable.
Your Learning Zone is an E-Learning program that teaches preteens the art of learning each one of its lesson in 60 seconds or less!
The first Social Interactive Traveling site where users can build their personalized trips while others can give real time suggestions.
This project will contain a searchable, open database of C.S. Lewis references for anyone seeking to search for ideas Lewis references.
TownWave is a music and artist discovery platform that is going to revolutionize how we find fresh music and discover new artists.
We are an online lifestyle program that offers 3 unique, easy monthly tips that are guaranteed to help users lose 2+ lbs each month.
Help us pay for domains and hire a coder to make us scripts.
SheStarts is working to create a world where women-led companies are valued equally to their male counterparts.
At WheelchairWorld.org… FIND travel reviews and resources all produced by wheelchair users, SEARCH by country, destination or facility,
Finally, a social network that works for its members, not advertisers, so you can focus on the relationships that really matter.
Quick Jewelry Repairs is a digital repair service offering fast and easy fixes for your damaged jewelry from the comfort of your home.
Engrave your name in the future of digital charity fundraising, where a social chain reaction can ignite support for charity
Boocla is a clever booking website for anyone who runs classes or courses, and their customers
Firsthand Weather is needing to raise $1200 to purchase one year of web hosting and to fund our newsletter for six months.
Two Sisters, Two Viewpoints, One Fitness Solution
Encouraging and Inspiring teenagers to become positive leaders and contributors to their communities through volunteering!
Help me re-launch one of the early/best Porsche registries/social websites!  Originally launched in 2000, we want to bring it back!
This project's purpose is to purchase a domain off godaddy.com (a domain registrar)

This is my mom's account (as i'm not 18 yet)
Vetrina online (Facebook+sito) in cui promuovere tutte le eccellenze piemontesi che da sole non sono in grado di promuoversi sul web.
ThreatSwitch makes it easy for cleared companies to get, and stay, compliant with NISPOM and Conforming Change 2.
An online marketplace for furniture. We take care of pickup and delivery.  Post it, sell it, and then re-sell it before you move again.
Help expand Food Test Network - the first crowd-sourced, online database of popular foods tested for allergens - starting with gluten.
An innovative and interactive website providing independent, trusted knowledge for the genetic disease community.
We are creating the ultimate shopping experience for quality used and socially conscious goods.
Not just another Mommy community, highlyoffensivemom.com supports parents... even if they do things differently than we do!
Helping consumers find the best credit union for them.
Connecting the community with quality black owned businesses. Offering product promotions, reviews, deals & giveaways.
Santa needs your help!
A website for you to search, find and book retreats, and for retreat centres to publish their offerings.
A new alternative social ecosystem and portal to unite those who care about our planet and future as a human race.
A gaming website with free game downloads, discounts, and flash games, along with gaming news.
Youth students will increase their Hockey iQ via daily online lessons, weekly quizzes and much more while earning awesome prizes!
LFTshift.com is an online community that connects households and small businesses with local HandyFiremen.
BookContentRatings.com will revolutionize book shopping by systematically analyzing books to create G, PG, PG-13 and R ratings..
Help launch the premier of this online course and community for mindful runners.
Metz, une ville branchée ? En offrant le WIFI Gratuit à tous, nous allons contribuer à donner une image accueillante de notre ville.
Tired of seeing a ladder full of barcodes? Do you wish you had a list of streams from top players, not just people with the most views?
Near absolute Preparedness, Response, and Recovery!  Finally - A solid wall put between your family and the next disaster
Let readers know about your upcoming book while growing your list and hitting your deadline.
Neighbor-to-neighbor rentals! Rentcharlie puts you a click away from all you could possibly need, but couldn't possibly need to own.
INCO stands for Inspiring Confidence and that is what we've set out to do with our subscription box service & exclusive membership site
Bad Idea? There's No. Such. Thing. Crowdfund us and help digitise our enterprise course materials into a state of the art mobile app
A new home for gamers like you. A community site.
I'm looking for $66.08 (don't forget the 8 cents!) to fund my new blog about SEO & digital marketing. Help fund me and I'll help you!
TSOLife is a revolutionary online platform that allows users to record a digital legacy to leave behind for future generations.
Connection and dating website for drug & alcohol addicts to find serenity within one another and healthy relationships.
We are fundraising to hire a new coder to program new features for CoasterCrazy.com for all users to enjoy and use!
advanced tools over the world
all tools you need as a webmaster
... and more
just in AWT
Die Medienwelt und Journalisten bestimmen unsere Gedanken, doch nur der freie Geist belebt die Welt! Deshit.ch gibt dir die Freiheit!
Lesdilettantes.net is a footwear price comparison website that allows you to find your dream shoes at the best rate.
Businesses are struggling to recruit digital talent 
Jobhop helps by connecting great candidates to great employers in a social way!
My buddy Dustin and I are 2 aspiring young comedians in the beautiful city of Seattle! We are outgoing and wanna get you laughing! :D
World Peace - Closer than you'd think.
Sweetdate4u is a rating plateform for business shop,barber,pubs,clubs ect.. // Sweetdate4u est une plateforme de notation en ligne
Webcloak is an advanced USB stick that allows you to anonymously browse the web while protecting you from viruses and theft.
This site is dedicated to fulfilling your need to secretly surprise your friend with a nice gift or send your enemy an annoying gag.
What is this? PHP themed popcorn.
Why? Because you can't really appreciate drama llamas without PHPopCorn to munch.
Daily CowFortune has been brightening the lives of its subscribers for over a year. The Cowracle can't afford her domain hosting fees!
After a recent hacking of our website, we need to rebuild from scratch, update all of our systems and software to protect our users.
A brand new online training academy that gives you all of the tools you need to craft a Gospel-Centered Home!
VendScore is the transparent online community that offers real reviews. We’re changing the way companies find & manage vendors/clients.
We send a hate rock for you and the person won't know its from you. Comes with annoying Styrofoam peanuts.
"Même pour le simple envol d'un papillon tout le ciel est nécessaire." Paul Claudel
Introducing Roomswap - a secure mobile housing community created for + by university students only. Bye, Craig - we're so much safer!!!
A social media and online cataloging site for readers and book lovers
Help us create online training to make the web accessible to people with disabilities and the elderly.
Cross-platform online software for writers - to help writers get more done - and to make writing easy and fun.
Easily create customizable film ratings that combine the simplicity of a 5-star score with the depth of a full review.
Simple video chat and screensharing for groups. Oh, and we’re open sourcing all the components.
A hand-picked song based on your tastes delivered to your inbox daily.
We're launching Group Video Chat for Twitter.
We can broadcast websites to cell phones using television.  We want to test it in Kenya and bring the web to people in rural areas.
Classic-Rock-Concerts.com is in danger of being shut down! Help save our concert stories and historical record.
MYM.TV: web Channel for teen guidance.1/26/14 NY Times says many teens applying to WRONG COLLEGES/passing up $. Little School Guidance.
Kidokey is a wi-fi box that empowers kids to explore the Internet safely and without distraction.
Globe is an interactive visualisation of our Earth. It allows you to see the whole world as it lies beneath your feet.
Flaminke is a web-based community where photographers subscribe to a DSLR lens rental service and share experiences, photos and reviews
Create publicity website to connect & launch plans of historical cultural heritage renovation planning on many levels of development
Finish your side projects. Find your next one.
GAYLOCALE Bringing Diversity to Your Neighborhoods, Towns and Cities.
400,000+ plant database: ID plants, gardening searches, botanical news, education resources, videos, community tools, calendar
Tools that help you discover ways to implement changes leading to a happier and more fulfilling life – despite everyday problems.
A Comprehensive B’nai Mitzvah Education Platform - we make studying, managing the Bar/Bat Mitzvah experience SUCK A WHOLE LOT LESS!
Inspirational Social Media Site
Help create the most powerful poker tournament software from your browsers window. Home poker like never before!
An educational site to examine key economic indicators and historical news and events
Visibility, credibility and rating platform for insurance agents that attracts consumers by offering unbiased insurance information.
AID+ Our mission is to innovate and revolutionize the way donations and philantrophic giving take place in our digital society.
Supporting, Recording, And Rewarding Fitness.
View live video of all your loved ones on your smartphone, tablet or PC while they are at daycare, school, a nursing home or a kennel
"Lack of money is no obstacle. Lack of an idea is an obstacle."
 Ken Hakuta
Buyersknow.com is a social network where members refer businesses and businesses reward customers for helping them grow.
Butterfly is a social network. What's Different ? - We are not only programmers. - We are artists. - Who make art.
EducatingDads.org is a website that is geared to help the stay at home dad about perspectives, advice, recommendations, and support.
Nervous Dating is a new way for Nervous People to meet. Your friends arrange everything, then one joins you on your date.
Our online parenting course gives you a robust VIDEO library of simple, science-backed, expert-approved and parent-tested tools.
WikiTickets allows you to increase the safety of your neighbourhood by highlighting the bad behaviour of others.
Reach your athletic goals, with the best social tools, rules, video, info, coaching and equipment, curated by pros and world champions
Ever done a good deed and wondered how it affected that person or if they ever paid it forward? Wonder no more with Good Karma Tracker
Generic Travel is the upcoming revolution to the online travel industry. Starting with the best travel guides ever.
Rankmatch is a search tool which will enable the respective processes of searching for jobs and employers to become far more efficient
Close Network is an alternate to Social networks where your parents and teachers could easily get hold of your profile, not anymore.
Organize sports events.
Organiser des événements sportifs.
"Twain Central" is a web site that will contain several books by Mark Twain, with colorized dialog to indicate who is speaking.
MatureRoommates is based on a Danish co-housing model and the American Heart's 2011 Report on how having a roommate is good for you.
Weil unsere Daten uns gehören! Verwalte Deine Laborberichte online, teile sie mit Deinen Ärzten - Wir und unsere Ärzte: www.wedoc.de :)
This could be the school of the future, we always need to learn something and this social network will be to teach and learn. vclass
I've recently started a small business thats fully Native American Owned and Operated, specializing in online media and advertising.
KICKVIBES est une nouvelle plateforme de streaming audio, qui vous permet d'écouter et partager la musique.
https://www.kickvibes.com
All of us have had times in our lives where we felt awful.Our site will help to prevent suicides with reason and humor.
A new social networking platform that allows users to display their various personal skills which the community can view, vote & share.
Highly successful farm supply store needs brought into the 21st century with a website for e-commerce and online advertising options
CleanFood is a website for folks at home or traveling who care about nourishing their body with pure, honest, authentic clean food.
Czar Is A Revolution In Designing, Developing And Managing Your Wordpress Websites.
The EASY and SMART way to buy Back to School supplies - while generating thousands of dollars for local education
JT French Bulldogs is making a website raising awareness for the breed and also breeding pure bred French Bulldog Puppies
Plot, Plan and Play! This intuitive, interactive mapping tool makes a fun night out or a trip abroad a snap to plan and share.
This web site allows companies and individuals to hire and pay quality remote or virtual workers around the world online.
JobKettle.com/Florida helps job seekers choose from over 650 professions.  This KickStarter project extends that help to all 50 states.
With SquawkTalk, searching and responding to all sorts of craigslist ads is Fast and Easy.
A way for alumni to "pay it forward" and show school solidarity by helping pay-down the student loans of their fellow alums.
Reach out and change your world. Connecting like never before.
The first wi-fi lamp for site owners. It's an IoT device that blinks when something happens in your website.
OfficeRiders.com lets you rent your private spaces to professionals and businesses, whenever you want to.
A unique interactive website for both men and women with unique content,blogs,news,games,videos,ratings and much more not a dating site
An online interactive database for students to list used college textbooks and get returns they want to help with financial setbacks
Hero Bureau will be a platform that allows athletes and celebrities to connect with their fan base, quickly and efficiently.
Australia's FIRST online directory for teachers and lifelong learners - find anything to learn, taught by anyone, anytime, anywhere.
Every people, company and festival from the film industry,
in a free and worldwide dedicated social network.
Booksyeah is an online platform that connects authors, publishers, especially independent authors and self publishers, with readers.
Support your local small businesses by helping them find big success!
We are creating a product integration platform to help with products, stock levels and fulfillment.
Socially connecting the world one recipe at a time
VocabRPG is a website with one goal - to help people learn a language through playing a video game.
Site like Facebook n Twitter. Tweet (headline) can be 175 chars (25% > Twitter), add big pages w indexes etc. Social. Goal: 500 users
75% of the world has a smartphone! Why switch to 100 different websites for smartphones and accessories. If everything can be done in 1
TheSandboxKids.com is a  magazine style site with articles and videos about raising babies, toddlers, and preschoolers.
A place where Latino entrepreneurs in the US and worldwide can connect and share ideas. Get films made for your business as rewards!
Proper Wrist aims to create a fair low-fee marketplace for jewelers and timepiece aficionados to buy and sell luxury wrist-wear.
I want to help musicians take their music business in their own hands! No more lables. The power of social media and Itunes combined
I am planning on filling the need for an internet 'hub' for all things inland seas.  The inland seas boats have a cult following.
An online platform to watch live views of telescopes, from all around the world. AstronomyLive - Enjoy the Universe!
imagine a website where your name can be!
eGuides for Small Business is a site that aims to provide all the resources that small businesses and start-ups need.
I wish to create a social network for commercial real estate investors to network and do business on. I call the site ICSC1000.com
An online entertainment community focused on giving everyone a much needed break from their busy lives
Explore Manor House Healthy Style lifestyle articles; regional favorite food & drink recipies, gardening & processing, style life tips
Have you ever wanted to own a studio-flat in every city in the world? With only €360 now you can!
We are a start-up company that will buy and recycle used electronics. This helps the world by keeping these out of landfills.
There are over 44.000 medical apps, and this number increases daily. Are you able to see the wood for the trees? We do!
Otis & Me is an online community connecting dogs with local dog lovers! Join the pooch party now!
We are a non-denominational site that aims to prove that you don't have to be religious to be an ethical, moral, chivalrous, gentleman.
MyTree fuses all Networking sites to one, allowing users to view/edit/reply, and all from one site, but the best part, define you.
Help connect gamers on all platforms with the new best social media built for your gaming needs.
The Shoopy will connect Urban Farmers to customers looking for the freshest fruits and vegetables in their neighborhood.
Young peoples' work isn’t taken seriously; you can help us change that. BYC's platform offers collaboration and mass exposure.
I'm an Air Force Veteran & there are no dating websites just for Veterans. I would like to start one so Veterans can find love.
NilaBean.com will sell small batch alcoholic & non alcoholic  premium Ice-Cream | Bar & Wine Item

Sell of items used on Kitchen bars
Streaming news stories side-by-side from major news sites for a direct comparison on how news is reported to eliminate biased reporting
Girl Chat Sports is an interactive Sports website by women, for women. Think ESPN+Facebook+Cosmopolitan. The ONE place to connect fans!
New generation social network that connects virtual and real life, based on a book at the stop.
Free online social networking service for parents and childcare providers in the UK and US, with an emphasis on special needs care.
Bringing Christmas Trees to the 21st Century
We hope to create a safe and secure tool that links neighbors! Allowing them to contract house chores to their neighbors!
From the developers of cghub.com a new, improved website for CG industry professionals is in the works.
Hyperlocal B2B search engine platform, that connects buyers and vendors, increases sales leads, and promotes business development.
Connect-it es una herramienta web con filtros de candidatos automatizados que permita a las empresas contratar a su personal de manera
Building a fantasy football wiki, community reference and resource build by fanatics for fanatics. Player projections and rankings.
A huge database, a personalized search system, a parents’ forum and community, your best informed decisions in the shortest time.
Video sites show too many videos of the rare "nice corgi" and not enough of the assholes. Help create a site that promotes the truth
Keeping your files safe online shouldn't be a hassle. With Tantami you are in control and you build your account around your needs.
Tired of spending a lot of time on your Word resume? Import your LinkedIn profile, pick a template and download your resume in Word.
GOJC Radio is a online Christian Talk Radio show with topics from God, Bible, Witnessing & Listeners questions.

Please help fund us
A question platform that allows you to create and share questions, tests and results for both learning and entertainment.
Kick Journal is a social network aimed at the football lovers of the world. Connect with others and share the passion for the game!
Creating a superb community of writers and readers by combining the best aspects of social websites with gaming so you stay motivated!
VidKix.com is a revolutionary, customizable & interactive social video site for All Things Fandom, fan-made videos & fan-video makers.
The content we create belongs to all of us, & the revenue it produces should be shared, & used for good.
Enhancing the lives of people with autism, and those who love them, through online education, celebration, diversity, and inclusion.
Automatically add a cms to any html website.
Our campaign is to build out our course and curriculum offerings for our Online Learning System, help build our live training location,
A company focused on event and wedding planning that is budget friendly and allows me to leave my girls more than just a memory!
eBay's accusation of Gumtree has led to ridicules fees for users wanting to sell their treasures. It's time to FIX this with Fr33Bay.
We’re rebooting Think Boise First as an inclusive, collective effort with the community.
Dreamskating.com is helping figure skaters achieve their dreams by empowering them with online planning tools for better goal setting.
WeRunQc is a community of regular, everyday people just like you who simply want to lead a healthy lifestyle.
MySpotOnTheWorld is a revolutionary new internet experience that combines an all new social networking platform and connection.
Collab Circle will be a Social Networking website, where members can easily find other fellow YouTubers to make video collabs with.
First Step Mobile helps businesses connect with the mobile consumer.
Growing and maintaining the region's largest informational recreation database of trail data and displaying it with a unique platform.
A social media site based on a location or object utilizing QR codes.   Place the MyxBit(QR Code) on anything to start the conversation
At JZ Lace, we create custom woven crosslace bracelets, and are hoping to raise money to open an online store/website.
New software that doubles the internet bandwidth, reducing data volume up to 90% and eliminates latency issues. Android, iOS & Windows
We have created the Webpage Tourandfree.com to bring together all the free tours around the World. 
Now we need the App
When Kobe Bryant retires from the NBA, which number should be retired? 24, 8 or BOTH? We believe BOTH and want the world's opinion!
Our vision is to create a tracking system for services and products that can be used by any business no matter how small or big it is.
A new guide to great tasting #meatless dishes or recipes rests in your hands & depends on your plates!
This project will create a free to use register of environment, health and safety consultants that will eventually be funded by adverts
A social network with a goal - crowd source a rocket to space carrying our USBs being funded by Ads displayed on the website
Twitter meets Facebook, meets YouTube…
VOICES a social media destination where your political opinions are important and can be heard.
Keep all your pets information together. Store medical history, treatments and track activity and feeding schedules.
We are an organization that builds and improves powerful data security tools to protect information around the world.
My goal is to create a website where home brewers can buy, sell and trade brewing equipment with other brewers all over the U.S.
A billion pixel website, a billion pixel display... and maybe, just maybe, the first billion dollar KickStarter!
Fournir aux lecteurs un contenu de qualité écrit par des passionnés tout en permettant aux rédacteurs de toucher une rémunération.
InteractC is an online platform specific for student's career advancement, a place where users communicate for entrepreneurial goal.
The Crimson Rose Cafe is an online chatroom/rp group made 3 years ago and that I would love to START making into a real place!
We are creating an easy way to find, compare, visualize, and share public statistics on the web.
Business trifft Privat, wie auch anders herum. Sämtliche Firmen, die nicht in Facebook sind, sind Herzlich bei mir Willkommen.
Analytics has taken over baseball, basketball and the NFL. College recruiting is archaic. I would like to change that.
Pro English Pro is a cutting edge web course allowing Second Language speakers to sound truly professional in their career English.
Now that we have demand for our product, we need the funds to launch a mobile friendly website that is compatible on tablets and phones
Use IOT technology to monitor your elderly loved ones from anywhere in the world.
MyLobby is the people's lobby, created to combat the quagmire that is today's politics. It is strength in numbers, democracy in action.
In Emergencies is being built for people who live or travel anywhere in the world. Expats, College Students and Business Travelers.
Do you wan't to save millions of animal lives ? Animal3000 is a completly automated website for lost and found animals.
An absolutely free versatile online marketplace. Sell your stuff auction style or set your price. No fees. 6 pictures per item. NO B.S.
Shifter brings serverless hosting to the WordPress for the first time.
Since 2004 I am tracking weather and issue warnings. 
I need your help with upgrating my failing equipment, so I can keep reporting.
A gaming video publishing and social sharing platform built and designed by and for Gamers!
An inclusive community for people from all walks of life. We deliver affordable supplements and training gear
Be anywhere with Zabosu!
Hosting a single place that adventure toy owners and people seeking adventure can meet and create life experiences.
The future of Home Designing
Remotely Emulated Application Cloud Host  known as R.E.A.C.H  for streaming any Operating System through a web browser.
The team at Tammy & Friends is creating a Membership website w/videos and tips on travel safely-internet safety-iPad-iPhone use.
An antibody review website and support forum for the scientific community to submit or search reviews on antibodies and other products.
Deliver any content you choose to be served to you or someone you love on your favorite sites without the use of ad blocking software.
A New Website To Search For (and Plan) Events In Your City and Cities Around The World!
Need a date idea? What about something for the whole family? We want you to never be bored again! Let's discover Columbus together!
Learn to code for the Apple Watch by building 15 apps using Apple Swift.  An online course from Udemy's Best-selling Instructor.
ONE global log-in to THREE social networking sub-sites. comeYOUnity dating, local activities, and career. Networking for real life!
Score Me! is a platform in which audiovisual media content creators can find composers or sound designers for their projects.
No more USB sticks or email or 'not-having-an-account'. Share files without an account, and with everyone.
Polstrat - A user generated website to give people a political voice in an our increasingly corrupt democratic systems.
Are you a General contractor? or Sub contractor? looking for a skilled trade? someone for a day or a week search no more.
These are divisive times, but that doesn't have to be. @makeyourcase with respectful debate. Make your case then make a difference.
A unique travel website that lets you easily plan all the exciting things you want to see and do on holiday.
Our aim is to improve the student experience by offering real life student advice and making it easier for students to communicate.
Developing the means to allow creators who distribute copyright works online to profit and collectively enforce their rights.
This is a multipurpose platform for potential consumers/clients to search information about companies & products listed on our website
We all suffer from motivation when its time to get fit.  Joggingbuddy helps you find someone in your local area to run with.
My Mind Maze: A Huge Selection, Variety and Amazing Prices. Free Shipping on Qualified Orders. http://www.mymindmaze.com/
Help us to create a website that is a meeting place for those who have lands without crops and those who have crops, without lands.
We’re the sweets connoisseur offering over 200,000 combinations, each curated just for your taste buds & delivered to your door!
Perceive it, before you buy it!
A TWID-sharing website, that will change the relationship between you and products on the Internet.
An online platform where graduates of any kind of school can make a profile in order to get found by companies looking for employees
Socialite is the social way to find or sell a home online.
We want to make the world more collaborative by giving people a free platform to trade the skills they know, for those they don't.
Design everything from business cards, to Facebook covers. Customize pre-made templates, or chose from tons of different elements.
A new way to find your lost loved one. Following a traumatic experience, we have decided to take down the red tape.
NERTO registers horses of any breed providing ownership documentation and micro-chip tracking
..a think tank for fish tank enthusiasts. ThinkTanks.com - a platform to host underwater live streams and other subaquatic experiments.
Help me back on the web doing what I love. Streaming/Podcasting/Producing. I miss it!
Playing Matchmaker on Facebook made easy: Send CupidLinks to your mutual friends on Facebook to set them up.
We want to help small businesses grow by offering affordable text message and voice marketing solutions
NandiBear.com is a website where books can be tracked as they travel the planet. Just print a passport sticker and affix to your book!
In the world there are at least 5 people looking exactly the same as you! Let's find them together!
We help salespeople thank & congratulate their clients by providing a subscription service for delivering flowers on a yearly basis.
Choosing a Gym or Personal Trainer is an important & very personal decision that requires you to be informed. Fitfinder is here to help
A tool for programmers to a place to build a solid foundation by using our user contributed references and tutorials
StartUP Platform is designed to help you build and progress your start up or business, by connecting you with like minded individuals.
Join the next generation in creating a new process to change the way the internet welcomes business.
iCloudauto.com is an online marketplace where you negotiate your vehicle repair costs on your own terms.
A simple, inexpensive, customizable and powerful booster to improve your wifi connection.
Practice questions that teachers from around the world give to their personal students are now available to YOU.
We want to create the first online marketplace to allow students to find freelance work based around their degree.
A 'FREE FOR KIDS IN NEED' online learning platform teaching children from 10 years old the essential business values of entrepreneurs.
Together we can define the first publicly owned, globally recognized and edible scale. The international prototype banana scale.
Information portal for South Manchesters newly rebuilt, premier intigrated transport hub - opening winter 2014
Dedicated to allow Christian Musicians, Podcasters, Video Podcasters to become mainstream and connect with their audience
Do you Vlog about technology but need a Blog to complete the interaction? Create a Blog at specstalk.com and connect the two.
Grades4Life is about rewarding and encouraging excellence in our youth and thanking our teachers and educators for their hard work.
*Juliar * - A new programming language that aims to create a friendly environment for Designers that don't know anything about coding.
On mission with the Great Commission, making disciples through networking
Sick of having all the adapters to control your goto telescope mounts? Our product simplifies your setup to one single cable!
Vote for artists PERFORMANCES,view real-time LEADERBOARD rankings,view saved winners on the WALL OF FAME,and search events nationwide!
KISS UI is a HTML5 and CSS3 framework for desktop, mobile and email templates to make a beautiful and simple user-interface.
From your mobile or laptop view your water usage in your property and receive alarms for water leak or high flow levels.  ECO KING!
Bounce makes it easy to seize life opportunities anywhere in the world, zeroing accommodation costs and offering home comfort.
Ever want to be on a TV game show? Imagine a game show where the contestants are people on their webcam playing online as it airs on TV
The Fashion Forbes is finally here! We're an eco-friendly online blogazine! Fashion information source &  lifestyle publication!
We are creating a web collection with tons of technology and event themed stock illustrations for free.
Capture the great things you and your friends say with Kwote.it - It's the Instagram of words.
Finally, a site that makes gift giving easier. Gift giving done right!
A website for youngsters primary and secondary school mainly. Financial education, mind mapping, brain training and more.
Stop driving alone, start sharing!
A website that allows two people to anonymously share an argument they're having & allows the public to vote & comment on who's right.
And if it was possible to easily share computer knowledge to solve problems of others?
Partage ton savoir informatique avec Share it' !
Skaters across the globe using SS connect Real-Time to Challenge other skaters via Video Battles! Post Videos,Battle,Vote,Get Noticed!
#AgChat are holding a social media conference on 21-22 August 2014. Sponsor me to attend & I will share my observations on my return.
A marketplace of talents and skills for companies to head-hunt from
Vores bedsteforældre og forældre dør. Og med dem forsvinder viden, visdom og erfaringer ud i den blå luft. Men behøver det være sådan?
eAuctionFinder.com is a revolutionary search tool for buyers to search all US (Federal, State,County and City) surplus auctions.
Minutes of Meeting (MOM) - Let's use the most effective way to Create, Organize & Send Meeting Minutes
Blogs, forums, galleries, social networks and much more. In one easy to use, content management system. Open source and free  to use.
Online Resource Center for women including counseling, parenting resources, financial resources, addiction recovery, education options.
1 Image. 300+ Words. Something You Want To Say. 
A beautifully simple, useful social network focused on the why and not the what.
An online community where people, firms and organizations share efforts, ideas and inspiration to mitigate environmental challenges.
Meet people based on which Nicolas Cage films they like. For the discerning dater who needs to know the important facts.
Ambassador visualizes the web using widget-like units called panels to create highly customized dashboards and apps
Musicians Have your music heard.
Fans get paid to promote your favorite new Musicians!
Quick access to New music!
Nautical Wi-Fi™ by Layer One Wireless, Inc. is seeking funding to implement wireless 802.11 coverage along the Atlantic Intracoastal.
Greenbox Floral offers websites that sell REAL FLOWERS, LIVE in REAL TIME directly from REAL FLORISTS over the internet.
Digital evidence preservation that is easy to use and costs less than 1 dollar, using the same methods enjoyed by major corporations.
Impartial Online Guide to help potential voters identify and understand future candidates and aid in voting decisions through facts.
Online Coaching, terapi og støtte
I am starting a web development company. I have over 10 years of professional web development experience and am branching out on my own
Our online sports' platforms provide players and fans a place to connect away from the game.
For the first time ever, have colleges and schools COME TO YOU! Complete an online profile, get multiple offers of admission. Easy!!
I would like to start a youtube channel and webpage where I can help math students from Geometry through Abstract Algebra.
Technology curriculum for underserved/underprivileged schools and their students.
Hello All : I want to create a Social Networking Site specially for LGBT Community.Please Support !!!
Develop a membership website for Sales Professionals to learn proper sales techniques & collaborate with each other so they can succeed
Digitally preserving rural cemeteries and building tools to explore history.  Learn more about our communities' past on theyburied.us!
Have you ever tried to look for a product recall? Did you find it? No? Let us look for you! We'll keep an eye on things for you.
Good teachers use their own money to fund projects and teach their students. TTE helps them make the most of their budget by trading.
Expressing emotions benefits your mental health. Share how you feel, be understood and receive emotional feedback.
Jaxi: The Robot is a programming game starring Jaxi, a robot kids guide through challenges and obstacles using real Javascript.
Dating Verification App that will remove the fraudsters, fakes and criminals making you feel safer on your first date.
Wikups est une plate-forme d'accès à des articles de blogs (type agrégateur de flux RSS) et une plate-forme de microblogage en devenir.
A project to collaborate tech articles, how-to documents, and tutorials on one website.  Find what you need at one stop.
Talnapp  is an exciting new social media and networking platform for talented and skilled individuals
Project MyRoom is a team of a few college students working on a way to revolutionize the way a 'Homepage' is viewed.
Resume face lift is a website that will give your traditional resume a new look and get your resume the attention it deserves.
Powerful yet easy to manage home networking which we've placed in the palm of your hand. Different rules for each family member.
All around fitness archive. Information resources for any fitness level and goals.
Creating interactive elearning solutions for all industries through innovative designs and the use of multiple platforms.
CHEXMA – deine persönliches Empfehlungs-Community für Dienstleister aller Art. Bewerte Unternehmen und empfehle sie deinen Freunden.
Build professional Wordpress sites with no coding experience! We'll build 6 websites ranging from a blog to an E-commerce site.
American Pick, Inc. is a website designed for those interested in picking and auctioning antiques / collectables online.
An ecommerce service addressing a huge ($8B market) & high demand need for college students.  Trial had over 400 registrants in 3 weeks
The only virtual truckstop - chat with truckers on the road, find the shortest route or check out useful tips from verified truckers!
A global postal service that creates physical copies of your emails and posts them to you.
Realizes online shopping in your own hometown. The goal being to actively bring the consumer back into town.
WIMP Winkel In Mijn Plaats
log about my job, wine experts, university prof. and European winemaker tell the new tech adopted for wine. We tell wine on backstage
Game change from product pushed by manufacturers to on-demand services driven by consumers. A community buying site can buy anything.
Vancouver Island Mysteries' official site will compile all paranormal activities recorded and will attract testimonies, forums and more
Live-to-move.com, a website designed to provide the tools and community to encourage as many as we can to get out and play sports.
A virtual meditation center accessible to the entire world.
Run your professional Website with ease - with MeeSites! Website Builder, Webhosting and Domain!
An online comparison site where parents and students alike can search for private tutors.
Deb8able helps people gain insight into the truthfulness of online publications.
Help us make the Internet what you want it to be - Easy, Personal, Secure. All through Privacy and Automation
An interactive, online course on pond building. Learn how to design, permit, build and pay for your dream pond.
A visual tool to add Interactions and Animations to any Web without coding.
A user-friendly Australian website that lets people find and stream messages and content from Australian churches for free.
My name is Matt Wetzel. I run a community on Google+, I have a YouTube channel and my team and I are trying to find ways to improve it.
NoteLion is a multi-platform service which allows students the capability to effortlessly view and share classroom notes.
Support a label & status free social site and App. See what happens when you meet your 'social opposite'. Maybe you are not alone...
A small conference based in Reykjavik, Iceland, looking into the concept of the Web as a Material — 22nd July 2016, https://material.is
You know those terms and conditions you accept when you install an app? This website/app checks if it's dangerous to accept them.
Help Built by Women develop an educational & interactive website to promote women's contributions to the built environment.
Wouldn't it be awesome to have a place online where you can stay updated on the things you love and share what you love with the world?
CalcU is an adaptive learning tool that will teach math to people of all ages; it's a textbook for the 21st century.
A new community site for the Meteor JS platform. A central hub for all things Meteor. Forums, Developer Network, Jobs, Resources & more
We're going to create a new web development firm dedicated to delivering modern design and the finest front & back-end development.
Mountain Mob is a social venture redefining the way you “get out there.”
Raising money to provide free background checks for 2015 primary candidates in King County from an independent, non- partisan service.
Our dream is to create a user centric & easy to use favourites dashboard that is both device & browser agnostic for free public usage.
A dating site for beach lovers and the beach lifestyle.
Bluegrass caskets is a store which will specialize in selling top quality caskets to the public at a fraction of the funeral home cost.
Our purpose is to exist as a social network that does not experiment on you. A place to connect, share and express your creativity.
We are looking at building a network of community dating sites that are safe, affordable and accessible everyone.
Ayaris 9 Virtual Roadshows is a free platform helping businesses to seek investors, distributors, suppliers, & joint venture partners.
"Conveniently Coordinate When You Want Things Done!" a robust platform for beauty salons, barbershops, and their clients.
Babysitter classified website that will include criminal background checks and CHILD ABUSE REGISTRY CHECK, where applicable by law.
What if we voted for policies instead of parties? A groundbreaking digital election based on ideas, not personalities.
An upcoming social network dedicated to fashion enthusiasts and helping them become the next big fashion name
A platform for Asian Americans to collaborate beyond the boundaries of their traditionally insular communities.
Beyond search engines: A map-kit for finding your way in society, science, intelligent life topics, jobs, projects, teams and news.
Building bridges between countries, people and cultures and doing it together through unique, authentic experiences offered by locals.
Imagine a community where you can share your favorite food and craft beer recipes with the world.  Enter RecipeSavants & BrewSavants!
REP is an effort for and by members of the EP community to re-create a safe,simple free site to keep the spirit of EP alive for ALL!
ExportClever enables graduates to take part in paid projects with businesses around the world.
A free app to easily find and engage; share and track; rate and promote global cause events.
Reel-Friends: A website specifically for CG artists to collaborate using each others skills to enhance each others portfolios.
We are a location based start-up that focuses on using geo-networking to do online activities more effectively- from ecommerce to chat.
The world’s first forum for truly democratic discussion, collaboration and consensus.
Education affects us all. We at Level Up think that everybody in the world should have at least a basic knowledge in the MINT subjects.
How cool would be if developers could switch from Rails to NodeJS projects with similar MVC, routing, inheritance, migrations & more.
I intended to make an online shop where Graduate artists can begin to make their passion into their profession.
If you or a loved one were involved in an accident, how soon would you want to be notified in a critical time by 1st responders?
Do you fancy to use resources on your network with your mobile devices like you were at home? HomeTunnel makes VPN easy and secure!
My Dictionary is a multi-media social network e-dictionary designed to build bridges between education and entertainment. (Edutainment)
I am creating a social media website that offers more latitude for expression void of intrusive information gathering and greed.
We're a networking site whose mission is to save college students money by organizing the way in which they find their textbooks.
Wjs is a websites development toolkit designed to bring a new experience to users and builders.
We are a website designed to help the outdoors person in you! We allow our users to post their own fishing and hunting reports.
Newest online destination for trans people worldwide who want a serious dating site. A site that celebrates love openly and fearlessly!
The Freelance website to end all Freelance websites, get what you deserve, not SPAM and outsourced bidding.  Quality it paramount!
We convert original screenplays to an audio format with sound effects, actors, narrators and a musical score.
A new service that lets gamers trade with each other. Trade what you have for what you want!
I am dedicated to building a new social network, which will resolve privacy concerns facing all of the top social media sites today.
Traditional Home Recipes will be a website where you get to view recipes from all over the world. Even submit them!
LTS is an easy-to-navigate website showcasing events functions and things to do throughout the country utilizing six main categories.
Transparent, not-for-profit, social news platform with more efficient structure, modern interface, + polling tools among new features
1script, plateforme communautaire française qui permet de créer sa boutique, pour proposer ses scripts gratuitement ou à la vente.
Lifestwists is an interactive global community website that facilitates discussing the twist and turns of life.
An alternative to hook-up culture, G-Romance is designed as a healthy long-term relationship romance website for  the LGBTQ community.
An exclusive community for black lesbians to network, share ideas, showcase talents, and promote their brand to like minded lesbians.
1-on-1 student and teacher interaction. Anytime/anywhere/any subject.
U heeft iets nodig, maar heeft geen zin of tijd om het zelf te regelen? Laat het door een van onze Superfriends oplossen!
It's never too early. Embrace children's curiosity with a social media community that provides an optimal, catered learning experience.
The worlds largest Job Auction Platform. Post your Job and receive multiple quotes from service providers in your area!
What started as a podcast is now looking to expand to a full blown website, hoping to immediately join F4WOnline and PWInsder
First ever online will execution service.
Your farewell words will reach the audience.
Your instructions will be executed exactly.
Help The Baby Burp create an App and add customizations to become a high efficient marketplace website and make a mark on the web.
Our vision is to inspire youth from across Canada to get involved in protecting  our environment and our beautiful Arctic.
Sidewalk Dog is the #1 resource for MN dog lovers & a leading advocate for MN rescues & homeless dogs. Time to grrrow! #backthepack
I would like to buy a domain and build a website. It will feature a forum, and voting on future projects.
International students use this online tutor marketplace to practice English or any language conversation skill through live video.
I am going to create a website featuring rides that are taken as part of my continued PTSD recovery.
The aim of FreeFullPDF is to increase the visibility and ease of use of open access scientific journals, theses, posters and patents.
Employee Engagement: Making things happen for individuals in the Workforce.
The collaborative social networking platform designed to enable professionals across all industries to showcase their ideas and work.
We find great books you'd never find on your own. Do Good by Reading Well.
Fitness Buddy is a free social network for everyone to make new friends that they can train with to improve their health & fitness.
I want to create a homepage for the US with lists of 2nd hand gear prices. This information should help synth enthusiasts.
I want to grow my blog with quality articles from experts to help advise people with oral health problems.
If you are disgusted by politics, ashamed of our leaders, and feel as if your vote does ... not ... count, then help us fix democracy!
We are three students doing our final Intro. to Computers project. Our Idea is to create the very 1st college teen dating website.
Want to build your own site or blog?  Well, we've made it even more easier for you by creating an all-in-one solution!  Start Building!
Expositus.org creates podcasts, videos, tools, and blogs that connect humans and the humanities, scholars and the public. Human? Join!
HomeStart teaches mortgage & real estate to everyday Americans. Empower the next wave of first time home buyers. www.homestart.us
Mycaricom.org is a public data site for the Caribbean community that supports transparency, social progress, and economic prosperity.
The Beer Connect is an Online Marketplace for All things Craft Beer. Fresher Beer, Better Selection - Right from the Brewery.
PackJournal.com is a place for backpackers and touring cyclists to connect, share their adventures, and raise money for good causes.
Trying to create a website to promote my stories and artwork. I have heard Wordpress has good tools. Don't know how to though!
A global community of local designers who handmake items for weddings, encouraging brides to buy handmade and support the local economy
D8FINDR is a website platform for HIV+ people to meet dates in a safe environment, and have a social media platform on which to support
This is going to be a place where Soldiers and their family members can go to sell, buy, and possibly swap anything, anywhere...SAFELY!
Knot a Keeper is an online service to help people with their name change after divorce.
Trippydu, die Plattform, die es Studenten ermöglicht, die Welt zu sehen und kostenlos zu übernachten - eine weltweite Comunity.
Professionally Styled. Forever Confidential. Always Personalized. Accessible for Life.
SEFAE is an online knowledge base and e-learning system that will support the acquisition of first aid literacy.
ＴＨＥ ＷＥＢ ＦＯＲ ＡＬＬ — Learn to easily create your own websites with visual and interactive tutorials. No programming experience necessary!
Woosh, an app and website, binds a community that shares it's personal laundry machines & laundry powders for a reasonable incentive.
American Disability Act - ADA Compliance Online Business Directory for ADA Compliance Professional, Services and goods.
I would like to start a network of Dead Drops in Northern NJ starting in my hometown of Rockaway and branching out towards NYC
We're building a community that will easily allow retirees to provide a room for students in return for companionship and chores.
Toyota truck fans need a friendly place to hang and show off their trucks.  I can give it... with help.
I plan to show the world trolling isn't all about insults and nastiness. I plan to eradicate the troll as we know it. Troll-Hub.com
A site that budgets and creates long-term income for you, while you connect is the main objective!  Read the bio for all the info!
A new social network that gives freedom and rights a greater voice. Designed to give power to the people and defend their liberties.
Gym Geek Pro's Hub is an advance training platform, simple to use, from beginners to professionals this programme will work for you.
You could click on five or six links, or just ONE.
A free website and mobile App matches 2 travelers with each other’s local towns as the destination and take turns to host each other.
To create a social media platform for consumers to be heard. Users can create pages for products and review them.
Globally revolutionizing Book publishing by providing a peer-to-peer reviewed platform to get books recognized using an easy template.
A Hiking blog that is being designed for success. Exploring Texas State Parks, and hiking with dogs.
Katchy is a consulting and recruitment application between candidates and companies in hotel and restaurant industry
A resource guide website designed to bridge the gaps between disabilities and special needs.
wannalistit.com is an online platform set up to increase the profitability of SME's and get consumers the best prices
Animake It lets you create an animated collage in mere minutes - right in your browser!
Personally designed, instantaneous, concrete and anonymous supervision for parents that want to appear predictable and caring.
Social Networks are fun, but we feel people need more to their experience. Thats why here atThe Moment, We Socialize while we Create.
VolDea is a platform that bridges volunteers and ideas together. Voldea.com users can easily start or join volunteer projects/events!
Connect people, via one web/app, with all job, education, real estate, cars offers on their location. To be online Worldwide!
Where is Internet, Internet anywhere at low cost
Vi tilbyr sparerådgivning til folk flest. Våre merkevarer er: god forarbeid, bedre oppfølgning. Nå trenger vi hjelp til å markedsføre.
Shows your workload in google calendars (meetings & tasks) and avoids to overload your workdays...
Cutting down the whole process of applying for jobs/advertising for staff, revolutionising how recruitment works in the industry.
Military Veterans update you of the latest crimes and vulnerabilities at your hotel and destination using the latest data technology.
Virtual network for people, who are getting real life achievments.
SonicTrain's "The Arena": is it technology, marketing, publishing, training, gaming? YEA...it's all that! Your own custom Gamification.
Connect with your running and cycling community, sign up for events, join clubs, and find trails.  Launch LocalRaces.com in your city.
The easiest way to find, use and share CSS3 animations.
Smart Search is a simpler, smarter and easier to use Search engine which includes useful applications built into the web interface.
Many bananas come from a single branch. Branches that are attached to a tree. Pick your workflow via JS like the code monkey you are!
93 MPH fastball hits 420 ft home run.  Break it down from any angle in 3D, straight from your browser.  Check us out!
Verbal is a new platform that will allow people to use many internet services through their voice using any kind of phone.
My dog needs social contacts - and so do I!
Generations of ideas that come to life with one click of the mouse. Bring your ideas to life. Make inventions and publish them online.
A bridge between every social media app where you can view, share, and post to everywhere you want.
G3 is built with gamers perspectives. A site that expresses your gaming POV, operates like a game,  while connecting gamers globally
Load multiple games, play against a person live or on the web, pay with your phone, live tournaments and leaderboards!
BlurbSurfer.com is for posting videos on products, services and particular interests Searchable by category, location, content!
OpenOverNight is a search engine to find a location, open business, a service, an entertainment, an event or activity after midnight.
A site for visitors and residents of different cities to find a local bar close to them,  that supports their team!
The first global wish list, where people can fulfill each other's needs and wants. Bringing everyone together through generosity.
A tool that allows students to share text books for free. Set up what times your book is open to share. Must post a book to get a book.
My goal is to expand "I am Caribbean" into an "NPR" like internet radio station, connecting the Caribbean beyond borders.
Web technology organizes books, food, & travel in seconds but learning about life, work, love, children & money takes hours. Until now.
You've already found your fitness passion, now find someone to share it with. Welcome to the community where health matters℠.
A new company to support business and website needs of existing non-profits.  Dignata will be the first client of many. Read below.
Our goal is to define a "New Moral Internet" by blocking immoral domains. We aim to create a digital space free from distractions.
My web site contains Oracle and Ellucian Banner tips, tricks, and scripts that I've been maintaining since 1997 with one million visits
Splindr is a social networking application that allows artists to post photos of their art as a means of connecting with other artists.
I want to make a website that you can have a normal conversation with. Anything from your job to your private life. And much more.
A website matching within a community people with similar workout goals and fitness levels for workouts and motivation.
The youth, even some adults today want a sense of guidance. I'm creating an online network where people find direction.
PlayToLearn.com offers K-6 tools to learn how to add, subtract, multiply, divide, tell time and count money.  We need to add more!
Struggle to find a great movie to watch? Struggle no more and visit "What are you watching" to view all the top rated movie trailers!!
To shop, we visit Amazon. To search, we visit Google. BackStep seeks to be the go-to service after losing a personal item.
A website designed to connect donors to needy veterans. Vet's share their stories and hardship, donors give to whom they choose.
I hope to create 'THE' UKIP Forum. Debates, discussions and ideas are welcomed! Freedom of speech is a founding principle.
Helping millions of entrepreneurs buy and sell websites
The top place to buy and sell websites, domains. www.sitebinge.com
Crowdsourcing race photography from shutterbug spectators so you can preserve your favorite memories
Anonymy is a personal portable device that creates a virtual private network (VPN) on top of your WiFi network anywhere you go.
A cloud based platform connecting landlords directly with tenants. Providing interactive tools to let, communicate & manage properties.
Extensive product review site. Rating price, performance from actual consumers. Supermarket products, makeup, clothes, pet, auto, etc.
Some people grow grass. Others cut it. Mow Finder brings both sides together for the greater good of all.
Dezignable provides a custom design marketplace to consumers from the beginning to end of home renovation projects.
We will revolutionize the way you eat,
At JZ Lace, we create custom woven crosslace bracelets, and are hoping to raise money to open an online store/website.
Support A Parent, A Social Network to find local advocacy within your community! Look at the categories in the Bio!
A new website that lets you review, promote, and discover the best websites, online businesses, video games, comics, blogs, and more!
Providing a great online educational resource for the whole world—absolutely free to use by anyone, anywhere.
Amazed by Science is a Cheshire wide festival that engages children aged 6 -12 with exciting Science, Technology, Engineering and Maths
8_LAB is a visual arts platform connecting artists, collectors and art dealers.
Gwen needs to make a living; Seeking a TITLE sponsor, guest posters and partners to keep quality writing & entertainment online
Freezylist.com empowers the "By Owner" community with novel solutions AND creates a WIN-WIN dynamic for brokerages & servicers as well!
love schmove is a unique dating site where people can setup their friends and family. Users can sign up or be signed up by others.
Take control of your own 20/20 cricket team and play against real players around the world.
A modern Web Application, CMS/SaaS/API platform. Designed to be extensible from ground up for users, developers and enterprise.
A local after-school program that teaches at-risk students software engineering fundamentals in a supportive environment
The last homepage you'll ever need. Keep up to date on your favorite things in life. Earn loyalty points you can spend on coupons.
EnginEx.js: The Best Embedded Server-side JavaScript You Will Ever Use!
Reflen is an project-based online education platform. It's built on linked-data and graph analysis technologies.
One of a kind website where you can discover unknown music and keep track of new talents. Interested?
Before you use your credit or debit card  let PrivacyAtlas tell you if it's safe!  Your Life - Your Privacy - Make Sure it's Protected!
Pics, vid, and audio of nature to sooth the soul. Live streaming video. Available at a home entertainment station near you.
Vinahello.com is Yellow Pages - a collection of businesses and entities in Vietnamese communities worldwide.
I want to make a photo rich website of Dharamsala, a town which is the home of the Dalai Lama and many other Tibetans in exile in India
NoSiteUnseen FULLY managed multisite hosting is built for interconnected eCommunity. No one is alone on the network that "just works".
MicroBills will allow citizens to crowd source rough drafts of legislation for other users to submit to their politicians.
I want to create a social network for paleo / primal foodies and lifestyle advocates
Social network for soccer players to organize matches, search fields and reserve online; find a rival team or players for your team.
I would like to purchase my own domain and take my blog away from Tumblr to reach a bigger audience. But I need your help.
We have developed and the first emergency vehicle siren systems that are capable of being used world wide.
A conversation platform where you're given the tools to practice speaking a foreign language at a native level from day one.
Our web app promotes better customer service and rewarding customers for their feedback through delivering  simple customer surveys
Free internet is a project to bring a publicly owned optical fibre network to the population of the united kingdom.
A interactive informational website where legal cultivators and enthusiasts can meet to share ideas and products with leading experts.
KidsSafetyNet is a custom WiFi router that gives kids the safe online experience they need and parents the peace of mind they deserve!
Fairy lights that blink when a user visits your website or interacts with your Twitter account
EveryWare is an online platform that allows you to access all your OS, Software and development tools everywhere.
A platform to join people who want to complete a fast task of another person for quick compensation, and who need a quick task done!
We want to simplify the process of booking a taxi. One booking system for every taxi company with no upfront costs.
Connecting people who needs something from abroad to people willing to sell their travel quotas
We want to create the best url shortening service, we will succeed only if you give us a hand
Experience a lyfe network that connects you and your friends
through an adventurous platform to reach the world in seconds. #2015
Young home buyers need help navigating the real estate market. Our website will cultivate a community to protect new buyers.
An online platform driven by a community of members, promoting adventure activities in Ireland to a national and international market.
Breastfeeding in a public place is not shameful! Help protect the rights of nursing mothers with the Nursing in Public Task Force.
We are creating a fully automated translation solution, where the  Interpreters, will also own part of the company
7 Moves is a web based assessment tool which enables you to diagnose movement competency and automatically assign exercises.
Help students make money from the books they have at home, while still keeping all the books.
Ucabing is a free site that allows individuals to customize their car service by language, gender, or car type world wide.
Police agencies, CIA, governments, and corps- all access the Hidden internet to find data about YOU. We want to level the playing field
Instead of the hassle of physical CD, fans at live shows can pay the bands directly, download songs immediately to their smart phone.
We seek to create a community and foster collaboration in online narrative video by having creators decide whose work is best.
Our mission is to build a FREE web community that serves as a platform for recognizing and awarding the skilled web developers and web.
Bring back text alerts for breaking news! Keep phones buzzing with current events. Stay in the loop.
Our website unites people around the globe for communication, entertainment and business
logtempo.io is the time-saving time logging, reporting & analysis, team management, and invoicing solution for freelancers and teams
Have you ever wanted your name on a website for all the world to see?  I can make that happen.
IdeaPeek- a platform to get your ideas seen by the world.
Du suchst z.B. einen Deckkater für Deine Kätzin oder umgekehrt und Du willst nicht mehr im Internet viel suchen, dafür ist AnimalFlirt.
'Shared Worlds' is a public website which allows people to build and share universes, worlds and races for use in sci-fi writing
A website designed to help pet owners find an animal friendly place to rent in their area and hopefully help reduce pet abandonment
Sniff My Rump will act as a dog owner networking platform aimed at facilitating dog play dates and encouraging positive socialization.
An online home for the Stand Up Paddle (SUP) community knowledge - Consolidating the knowledge amongst us
Love Greater is an online, interactive relationship guide designed to help couples grow and maintain meaningful, healthy relationships.
Taking the noise out of social networking... No sponsored or promoted posts clouding your feeds. Social Network without advertising.
The IMDB of Politics - Help us create a more informed electorate.
Supporting underprivileged, yet deserving, and expecting mothers and fathers with a heartwarming and memorable baby announcement video!
Cotofo is to-be developed site for couples to create profiles to find partners with similar interests and hobbies for double dating.
QRyptogram is a QR code made up of photographs instead of black blocks. It's designed to be used in promotional posters.
Creating a new website for Dukes Waste Management & Junk Removal where customers can book on line and will increase traffic.
Lavabit 2.0!
Encrypted Email for Desktop and Android. No Administrative access for a resilient and fault tolerant service.
Que 2 Quit is a smoking cessation program geared around lifestyle improvement. We show how to quit by investing in a better future!
These 21st century digital tools make web-based instruction easy for teachers and make learning more fun (and effective) for students.
Fostering local communities.
I want to to create a 'one-stop-online-resource' for building a bicycle online - first project is to build a cool Fat Urban Bike.
CAN is a platform created for musicians to provide the human and financial means to grow up and live their projects.
Youthire.com is a virtual on-line "bulletin board" where Homeowner's can outsource odd-jobs for young adults in their community.
Redefining the way digital and virtual assets are passed from generation to generation safely, automatically, securely and with ease.
Code Of Kindness is a unique way to track & generate acts of kindness throughout the world. You can actually watch kindness spread!
Help us create a website to be your one stop shop for all things Dumfries YMCA! We have Rewards starting from as little as £1
GlobeStar applies the excitement of social networking platforms to connect nonprofit organizations & their supporters on a global scale
We have over 300 questions that give you your pertinent information at your finger tips. http://www.myhipsmart.com/
Let's make a new online social Utopia. A site that will help you make friends and not limit you. With forums and blogs and profiles.
Connecting Travelers with Local Guides - Building a Business Platform To Be A Pro Guide and Earn - Project Goal: To Create 500 New Jobs
To raise enough money and/or support to either create a better version of Pinterest, or to get Pinterest to be part of this campaign.
Help us raise funds to develop and run new websites in support of US military families in overseas locations around the globe.
Changing the world of business a little bit for the better by doing 1 simple thing.

Making bookkeeping easy peasy... using the Web.
You want only the best for your pampered pet! At PetLavish.com you can choose designer products to suit your pet's lavish lifestyle.
VSC is a visually stunning website that will provide women with a virtual shoe closet. VSC, where your shoes go when they are online...
Create and Share Class Notes & Quizzes Online.  Great for Study Groups.  Runs on any internet device,  Data automatically backed up.
Have you ever forgot important not on your todo list? Missed out on an important business deal because you forgot? Well not anymore!
An interactive map-based site for Beer lovers, which allows the planning/attendance of events with partnered breweries.
Le réseau social le plus complet jamais créé pour les québecois!
The biggest social network ever created for the Quebec!
Socialize is a minimalistic social network for programmers, nerds, geeks and technology fans. Interact with your friends - on the CLI!
A dynamically interactive science journal that will allow collaboration on experiments from start to publish.
Future Hub is creating a Digital Trend Magazine for a Global Audience to help them become future ready and prepare for change ahead.
An adult roleplay site that is born for the ingenious and those with desire for no drama. Sometimes everyone needs to get off the map.
Our aim is to develop a cutting-edge website providing news, resources and support systems for individuals affected by Crohn's Disease.
a new website where people can found their special meals and restaurant owners can setup their own micro site and sell own products or
Switchbooks aims to help struggling university students have ease of access to a wider range of cheap, well conditioned text books.
A Paradigm Shift through Personal Growth, Imagination and Creativity. Develop the collective minds of the earth.
Technology has made us lazy; we now want it to make us active again.
A free student website & hosting service; for CV, Portfolio, Resume publishing. As well as learn how to Host, FTP and run their site.
Startup providing customizable daily needs kits whether for home or travel
Lending a helping hand to parents on a budget with providing a platform for them to find affordable baby products.
SiestaRoom is like Airbnb but for a Siesta.
Book a Room for a Siesta OR make money renting out your Room. Have a Break, Have a Siesta!
With CitizenBranch, you can see all of the Bills that your Representatives vote on, see how they voted and vote on them yourself!
WeBabbel ist eine auf Gamification basierende Diskussionsplattform mit einem neuartigem Chat-Prinzip.
An internet barter system where users with goods they want to barter are matched with other similar users.
An Online Dating site that encourages honesty, being yourself, & having fun.
You get an amazing website for yourself, or your business, and I get to enhance my web design skills and build my online portfolio!
Social network for creating and sharing transparent Investment Funds. Keywords: transparancy, social, simpel, long term.
Helps you model scrum stories realistically, and graphs the minimum number of sprints required to complete them.
I have 190230096 facebook friends! But how many friends do you really have? join the network Collabofied.com
Creating a website that brings opportunity and sustainability to developing villages by enabling them to sell their local products.
Find your match to do something awesome together! Visit the Taj Mahal, Swim with dolphins, go skydiving. Endless possibilities!
A lighting system that perfects your image on video conference or web calls, as designed by Jules Fisher and developed by Bran Ferren.
Trying to maintain & enhance pucksonthefly.com to add new multimedia platforms & expand the site to hold more information than before!
MyFitPass gives our members access to a huge range of gyms, health clubs, fitness studios, pools and personal trainers across the UK
I'm rebooting my Kickstarter as a software virtual reality company.
Big Data is too important so we created an open platform accessible to anyone who wants to learn and use Big Data and Data Science.
My project is a website created to help college students around the world to buy, sell, and exchange their college textbooks 100% free!
FREE anonymous voting on up to 125 polls by themes. Instant FREE national results. Custom regional results. 10 ways a better system.
Cityloque is a city blogging platform, where you can read, post and share the things you love about your city.
short, easy to follow, step by step video tutorials that teach you all the skills necessary to use web videos in any business context
Try premium services, visit restaurants and attractions in your local area. All for free and with no strings attached...
We are working to create the world's first "honey bee exchange", a place where farmers and beekeepers exchange business.
We want to bring volunteering to those who want to do good, but have a hectic (aka normal) life.
Mediavoo makes creating a professional video quick, easy, and affordable. Via our app, customize your own video and let us do the rest!
Replacing textbooks with the cloud.
We are wanting to develop new software for care homes and other services such as helping new business start up.
Real estate site focused on students and alumni near colleges. Sites up and profitable in north TX (TCURealty.com). Looking to expand!
Web-app where vendors are rated based on calculated scores in four categories; sustainability, resourcefulness, fairness, betterment.
Smart marketers have joined the Mobile Revolution. Make your website available to over 190,000,000 smart phone users, Only $27.95/month
Ecofirm is an online platform that allows you to help global reforestation projects, without paying, by just watching a small video.
Quail Cam is the setup and year long support of a webcam for watching scheduled baby quail hatches and their development.
Making the journey for people with chronic pain as comfortable as possible and helping them arrive at the best possible destination.
Analytics for curious minds. Management for the busy broadcaster. Full suite of tools to show things that were previously unknown!
Want to travel somewhere in a few weeks? Get all the information you need from travelers through one and unique travel-friendly website
Finding proper help with your project on local ads is like buying a lottery ticket. Having an app with reviews will help.
Creating an online blog with travel journal with photos and mini blogs sharing my adventure, experience and my quotes
We’re building a web platform to support designers in getting recognition, finding clients, and transforming employment into enjoyment.
The Athletic Grade allows amateur athletes to utilize & share exclusive data via network for maximum collegiate prospective exposure.
I'm making a site and app that will help people find others with similar interests, nearby or globally, to build friendships with.
Online Service to Help Event-Photographers to Name the Public Personalities in their Photographs with Facial Recognition.
On Rechtenkrom people can post assignments directed at lawyers, accountants, in their turn they can send the contractor an invoice.
Monitor Congressional Representatives and Legislation | Compare your vote to your Reps | Let personal statistics inform your decision
Music social media hub for artist, record labels, and fans.
A Free video-sharing website, sharing personal testimonies through the social media networks, and guided by church leaders
Marketlend offers a supply chain finance solution using peer to peer lending.
Using a smartphone, streetrange web app will return historical images of your neighborhood on a searchable map or image gallery.
Upload an image and URL to content you want to share in a permanent grid (starting at 1000 px x 1000 px at $1 per pixel)
If it don't challenge you it won't change you. Virtual health and fitness challenges. Put in the work, and get the reward.
A collaborative real time PHP coding platform to help people code and learn php, together!
ET ABDuckTed Marx Brothers Duck Soup Dynasty research project to package & market online to uncover mysteries and build website.
Bmpowered creates work from home opportunities for disabled workers.
The Mutual UFO Network has designed a new system to capture UFO reports, display the data, and find answers. Now we need to build it.
A next-generation tool to aide designers within organizations to establish direction & alignment around the branding and design assets.
Merchanteye is a web based price comparison site for building materials, initially in the UK but with plans to roll out worldwide.
A website bringing everyone local food, drink and entertainment offers, ordered by day of the week.
The most precious asset in life is the connections that you make. Turn those connections into a empire overnight.
TrueVeu.com is an audio and video platform that enables musicians to post their music to a free public portfolio and gain a fan base.
Connecting Churches and Members. Allowing members to stay connected and interact with their Churches and other members.
A Marina Shares membership allows for members and partners to share docks, slips and moorings at any participating location.
I am an off-road enthusiast working to create an off-road parts supply company.
Let's build a platform for sharing creative spaces which include the required tools and support of craft experts.
I already have Developed the ForSaleCallOwner.com design and platform. I will start locally and expand nationwide. Always Free!
We are a community of parents and teachers to reinventing education at a grassroots level by starting new schools and classes.
Are you tired of not knowing who has access to your data? I'm building a small scale personal solution to help using OwnCloud
Have you got an idea for an app or website, but don't know how to make it a reality? Learn UX principles with Launch Appy online course
Portal based software for organisations to create their strategy based around financial, social and environmental benefits / objectives
A website/app that creates an enviroment for fantasy gamers and traditional gamers to meet with shared interest through gaming.
Monthly poetry contest paying cash prizes to top poets and critiquers. This poetry competition was the best known site of its time.
We provide a unique platform to build one's own digital legacy through the posting of positive based social media content
I'm trying to create the worlds worst website! (Or die trying) But it's expensive, so I need y'alls cash :) Come rage with me!
Express your feelings, emotions and wishes. Describe them in texts, photographs, audios and videos. Record every moment of your life.
RoboDispatch.com is a cloud based telecommunication service to control everything like Voice/SMS/MMS from one easy to use website.
Hello Everyone Welcome to a whole new way of having your Pets remembered, so Come in Join us and Love Us at FacesByPlaces.com
Restorationbid.com marketplace is the first of its kind - bridging the gap for consumers to hire local service professionals.
AGTB Network is an online membership community offering motivation, coaching, and accountability to help members pursue their passions.
Your business has potential. Increase Sales. Protect Your Brand. Save Time. Realize Your POTENTL!
Knock on the door and go anywhere in the world in your virtual dream house at knock3times.com.
Picock is a platform with Polish movies and shows - to promote Polish language & culture and help emigrants discover their roots.
Tired of the competition? Certify you are a Top Performer.
Education, Interviews and Test Results are not evaluated here.
Answer questions about yourself and get concrete suggestions on how you can reduce your carbon footprint.
I want to create a blog/podcast website that will track my progress in my thesis regarding Heavy Metal music in El Salvador.
Detailed video class lessons based on the Ugandan  syllabus
First ever Fine art photography book with Augmented reality.
Welcome to We Game, a social network platform with a twist. Meet fellow gamers, while competing in online tournaments and ladders!
Help stop bullying by supporting Otter!
Unresolved conflict is a leading cause of bullying. Otter helps kids resolve their conflicts!
The improvent from CMS's like WordPress/Joomla. Get short, fast and clean code without a lot of plugins. Get the future in your hands.
I Buy Local First is an online vendor marketplace dedicated in helping the Small Businesses in America. www.ibuylocal1st.com
The one stop shop for your handy code snippets!
With Lurnity, you can learn anything from how to cook something to how to program.
An exciting new clothing retailer with a social networking twist and philanthropic focus.
We our completing our online cloud based site and with your contribution we will give you a 1 year subscription. http://www.myhipsmart.
Search for car parts
Flank.io is a custom analytics platform for software developers supporting low and high level reporting from all your data sources.
shopbake.com is Canada's first and only online bakery marketplace. Order from your favourite bakeries online, and discover new gems.
We are creating a revolutionary, next generation social media network & plan to bring the game closer to the gamer and the community!
Social Media Platform for early career social science researchers to Podcast about their research. Getting research heard!
GiveFix is a social media platform for users to provide services and earn real money, while donating to a charity of their choice!
Users exchange surveys made of relevant questions they choose from Question Bank, and compare results to explore compatibility.
An online mentorship network bridging the gap between young professionals and the real world.
The problem of mail: it is physical! Diposta collects, digitizes, and provides daily postal mail. Never worry about your mailbox again.
GutMojo, the ultimate mobile browser for students and those on a budget. A directory, an SEO, a shopping mall on your phone...
Find a pro in your area, or stay connected to pros like you! Golf is meant to be fun, so let us make that easy!
Creation of web/data hosting servers with tools to provide a safe/secure place for developers of all fields to collaborate for free.
“Let food be thy medicine and medicine be thy food.”  Hippocrates, (460 – c. 370 BC) ->
"We give you the tools"
Juan Arias,  2014 AC
A forum and database of driver reviews/info with subject channels (relationship and job interview tips & buy and sell) funding KIVA.
A future search engine that can be accessed by everyone.
Own Your Gift. Find Your Tribe. Live Your Purpose.
The goal is to provide a hub of real textures and their designated maps to artists and graphic designers in the CGI & 3D field.
Miss plug.dj? We do too. Discover new music, find lyrics, and catch up on industry news all within the new Affinity LIVE page.
HelpSolveCrimes.com  is a social media platform that will engage the public's help to solve homicide cold cases and recent  crimes.
Recruiters need a simple solution to manage candidates, offer employment tests/grades, and track history in an access-anywhere setting.
Live-School is a free unified communication flash platform dedicated for live teaching through real time communication tools
A Crowdup is an action that will only come to life if a specific number of people promise to do it once the promises goal is reached .
Imagine seeing a family tree of the entire world.  That’s what we’re creating.
Flight Mode Fitness was born the day I found sharing my passion for fitness was encouraging others to change their lifestyles.
Booksyeah is building an advertising campaign system which will create and coordinate text and graphic ads across social media networks
a political Website tool that uses questions to help people find what they believe in and which candidates have the same beliefs.
I am writing a book and building a website to help the public buy event tickets at face value.
Roleplayer's Tavern is a social networking site designed to help find friends with similar interests around the world.
PartiQ launched June 23rd within Spotify and has grown to over 42.000 users each month and keeps on growing.
Online platform that will allow anyone edit and create their website content from their browser without coding knowledge.
Enduranote helps people leave more than just memories for their loves ones with scheduled messaging and online digital legacy building.
Imagine loved-ones receiving your personal messages on special days, (birthdays, holidays, anniversaries, etc.) after your have passed.
We will revolutionise the way you look at your food by putting micronutrition at your fingertips
multitube is a Chrome app that keeps your video on top of all windows/tabs/browsers on your laptops and computers.
The ultimate adjustable assymetrical chainring: improve your cycling performance up to 10%

Revolutionary and innovative.
Global Seek is a non-profit organization designed to help those locate their lost loved ones.
A WordPress Plugin & WooCommerce Extension that allows users to bulk upload photo's and auto convert into Products. Kickstart for 3.0.
The road is yours, it's time to seize it.
Get quicker & higher payment from your insurance if you have fire, theft or other disaster.  Create your easy & secure home inventory.
Giving people a marketplace for their rap and music talent. An original and dynamic way for artists to showcase their talents.
The 360 degree content platform to create, view and share your own virtual experience, online and offline!
TAGTROC is a complete and practical free social network, characterized by a spirit of collaboration and business acumen.
Endure Strong is a first-of-its-kind survey application designed specifically for the endurance sports community.
Waywiser is an online club for adventure sports, making it easier to find, create and go on outdoor adventures with the right people.
Make all of your lettermail digital. Forget paper mail forever by getting what's important to you as email instead.
Looking for space to launch your business? Spec & Mortar offers real estate at a much lower cost threw a shared economy platform
A tool for hotel staff to search local area listings for guests' requests in a more meaningful way than search engines or review sites.
Epistocracy.com is an innovative political social media platform designed to facilitate genuine change in the democratic process
Frustrated by lack of progress against global warming?  Here's a no cost solution.
Discover what is happening nearby on the new social network based on google maps geolocation tracking.
NandiBear.com is a web application where books can be tracked as they travel the planet!
Privacy a Concern? YOU DECIDE what data of yours is used to assist with personalized searches and connect with others.
Its HARD to find the right college... 
We have #THE solution.
It's an internet dating site for pets.  Imagine tinder or okcupid for furry friends.
The original deal site offering the best stuff to do, eat, see, and buy in Winter Garden, Fl.
An online app with hundreds of icons for instant customizing and downloading in svg and png formats.
My goal is to set up a website offering free downloadable science education packs to expand knowledge to those interested in learning.
We get you interviewed...FIRST!
Be seen by hiring managers, right now, with a click of a button!  Guaranteed.
A place to meet people to: play sports, talk about sports, advertise yourself as a pro, and find sponsors to go pro in your sport.
Autoswappers is the alternative way to get a new car. Swap it. You can still buy and sell them , of course.
Geekletes is a competitive video gaming environment that unites tournament hosts and gamers with a simple and innovative web platform.
Curionic - Chronic Curiosity - Blog updated daily with facts and curiosities to keep the mind fresh! #staycurious and keep learning!
You should only choose to pick your preferences, and we organize a surprising blind trip for you.
Webgyrlz Code Day Coding Camp teaches girls to use HTML5 & CSS to build a one page website & encourages confidence in STEM subjects
Creating a Consumer Targeted, In-Browser, 3D Avatar Animation Editor with Automated Lip Sync, Performance Editing & Embedding Anywhere.
ShadowVote is a web based system for enhancing government responsiveness, using legally binding petitions, for issues and candidates.
Parts Alley makes finding parts online quick, easy and at the lowest possible price. From Auto parts to machinery or electronics etc.
A website that members can rent out their commercial vehicles when they are not being used. It encompasses trucks, pickups and vans.
Carpooling solution for daily commute which can make a big difference.
EDvite is a Free education tool that connects learners and teachers to inspiring, hands-on learning experiences in their community.
A free platform where students can find and give reviews about student housing.
Frustrating long list of social profile URLs? Share 1 single URL & followers can download your vCard & auto-add all to their contacts.
An Intelligent Application to Practice Love!  It's like a Hug for You in an App. Tells you love stories and helps you Tell Yours! 1111
Nterestin is a massive LIVE video network that allows you to talk about the things you love, hate, and find interesting.
Share Your Latest Purchase with everyone !  I want to create Australia's Biggest Social Networking site and i want the world to use it.
A community controlled & collectively maintained ad-free social network. Our network will power the most relevant news service online.
National JobBoard focusing on legitimate, screened , virtual jobs to fill working from home.
Beecaster is the world's first 100% user generated web stream.
The first place ever that puts the knowledge of native speakers of every language at your fingertips.
WRUW is an app that, once out of Beta mode, will be a place for style & fashion lovers to share inspiration with like minded people
Animator.js will be built on the Node.js Platform and will give designers and developers an easy means animate their web projects.
This Christmas Be a Master on jQuery Library. Build Websites using AJAX. Create your interactive web applications. Gift a great course!
The most powerful relationship you will ever have is the relationship with YOURSELF. Learn more about the Transformation ME experience!
The Best Beatles Website On The Planet
2nd Circle provides family caregivers with emotional and informational support, reducing stress, burnout, and the cost of care.
science60 wants to transform its instruction model from the physical classroom to a web-based model with classroom assistants
Want to see live earthquake data from all over Australia using just your web browser? eqServer gives easy access to public data streams
We are creating a comprehensive e-course designed to help small businesses and entrepreneurs easily create a robust online presence.
MapleTasks is an easy-to-use online project and task management application with rich collaboration and organization capabilities.
App: For a sailor to know in real time the availability to docking is certainly a very important factor.
A web platform to manage records, schedules and more for any recreation league.
We wanna build a decent multiplayer platform for serious racing simulations. Providing servers, league management, APIs, leaderboard...
We will make a platform to enable people to contribute to the purchase and deletion of carbon credits to stop CO2 from being emitted.
The Golden Page want to give to everyone the chance to own a day in internet history. An endless immortal web page.
You Sport. Your Team. Your Passion. Bootbag is here.
We are creating the ultimate web and mobile meeting place for sports fans and their community with their favorite sporting activities
Our aim is to make, a new and exciting Gaming Community. With your help, you can help us achieve our goal!
Imagine a Social Media Website that could prevent bullying, allow anonymous profile ID's, and allow you to open confidential ticket's !
The Mic Battleground Is a music competition based community site which invites friends from your social sites to vote for you to win.
GetEdgeucated offers an online tutoring site powered by high school students for high school students to get help in dozens of courses.
Now you can compete online against riders from around the world, no matter your experience, schedule or paycheck.
to level the playing field among all search engines--to bring down online monopolies like Google-episode I, and Facebook-episode II.
tammah is a free online video platform for anyone to find, watch & share original, independent African content + more
PhoBlock is a browser addon that preemptively blocks images of scary things (such as snakes or blood) with community help.
Pasometo is a cutting-edge communication tool which enables you to merge social channels and provides relevant information at a glance.
Moonlight Munchies is a Multi-Service Delivery Shop & Online Store. Our Network BRANDS include MandaPandas and TrapHouse Edibles,+ more
axesskey.com is a multilingual business directory and classifieds search the allows people to promote their business in their languages
Tech Czar would like to build a free small data center where anyone who wants to start a business or website can without any cost.
Using biometric response data to match people in more fulfilled  relationships and friendships.
Party Hopper Tallahassee will keep college students from endangering themselves and others by connecting to a paid designated driver.
JEnglish is a javascript library that parses simple English sentences and transforms them into complex HTML5, CSS3 and Javascript.
A place where you come to compare a parcel delivery service or baggage delivery service, local, Europe or overseas and book online.
Providing, High quality premium award winning websites, logos & print ready stationary for £35 - unlimited usage & unlimited downloads
A project that brings quality to your life.
Challenge your understanding of the world and destroy your Filter Bubble using the same style of algorithm which creates it.
Crombz.com is dedicated at promoting newest, undiscovered Youtube videos.  Visitors can also add their own link.
The Music Hutch is an online music player and community where anyone can upload, share, search, and listen to music on-demand and more.
Nano Reefing Guide
Because you don't have room for 36 rolls of toilet paper.  Help create a website to connect urban shoppers to make bulk buying easier.
Buying power for the 99% group buying platform.
The only medical EMR for the patients. Save your medical, dental, vision and pet records on your phone. Records come up on 911 calls.
JavaScript Learning Platform Designed For Female Learners
Referees change the outcome of sports, who wants to talk about it? Why are they never held publicly accountable? Lets change that.
BioMight is a Biological Animation Engine that offers 5,000+ biological components that you assemble to make custom 3D animations
SPOC, the Single Point Of Contact that connects you by email, telephone or location with one unique word. See the ^ symbol and connect.
The School of Athens is an innovative, new website that offers an interactive environment in order to solve real problems.
A one stop site for the jewish/kosher global community. where to go, where to eat, reviews, manufacturers, offers etc..
£1 a pixel. Recreating this story through KickStarter for an even bigger and more memorable viral story.And you can be part of it!
Spark is a site that connects entrepreneurs with ideas to designers who can bring that idea to life in exchange for a piece of equity.
U Can Program is an eLearning course than can teach anyone how to program a software app in less than a week.
ZipDo will bridge the gap between retailers and consumers in a very unique way. Consumers will be rewarded for using our free services.
Working to preserve the natural beauty of.....well.....Nature.
BandManager will be the ultimate tool for band directors, making it easier for them to better maintain their bands.
A domotic WiFi-ready system, able to let your pre-existant lights, shutters, boiler and electronic gate to be remotely  controlled
A website by Kids for Kids on toys, gadgets and fun stuff. This site is produced and managed by 7yr old Makenzie PC Builder/Programmer.
This project is designed to lauch a website and smartphone app to allow cancer patients to share experiences of post-surgery recovery
Have you ever been locked into a package with your ISP and simply want fast internet? Kiirus Wireless brings you just that for cheap.
My Home Equity  is an open platform Real Estate Marketing & Valuation  Community leveraging data  technology to benefit the Community
Send anyone on your Naughty list the gift they deserve. We are building a community of Coaltrepreneurs who will deliver coal for you!
Many people have a misconception of what Detroit is. We are here to form a community to amplify positive content about Detroit.
Bi-monthly subscription box to help you feel beautiful & see the true beauty in being! Promoting self-love, positivity, & so much more!
Blaqspot.com is making an urgent call to Africans all over the globe to assist us in expanding our social media platform.
A WordPress video course teaching you how to build an integrated, optimized, fast, secure, and polished website that produces results.
Don't buy. Rent! Online platform to rent things right here, right now from local people
CastBaus is an online service that will help performing arts professionals to showcase their talents and aims to help them get discover
We deliver high quality toys, healthy natural treats and cool swag straight to your door every month! Saving you time AND money!
1. Security - No tracking or prompting. Nobody can find your search history.
2. Instant - latest result shows on the top.
Whatrends.com allows visitors to quickly gain insight into the latest trending news stories.
PictureWho will allow users to take a picture of anyone on their phone and PictureWho will tell you who they are & where they are from!
Find others with the same cancer, down to the stage. Rate doctors, share pics & stories, connect with friends who are fighting too.
THE podcast and online community for lady entrepreneurs Let's talk about business, family, life-- and making it all work...beautifully.
The Animal Abuse Defense Registry lets users confirm that anyone adopting an animal doesn't have a criminal history with animal cruelty
"We dont want to just sit and watch the world go by" We are seniors, we want to continue living. Teach us technology!
Get your business website up and running under a minute.  No need to choose templates or drag and drop elements.
Engagement Squared gives citizens and government unprecedented tools to engage with each other
I'm creating a Computer Nightlight website, a tool to illuminate your room simply, with different options in color!
Innovative website that allows on line travel shoppers to get more value from their vacations while supporting small business.
A website for Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu athletes to log sparring sessions, organize technique and monitor goal progression.
Clue nimmt deine verpassten Pakete an und liefert sie zu dir nach Hause, wenn Du auch wirklich da bist! 7 Tage die Woche von 6-24 Uhr!
RequestICT is an innovative online Information and Communications Technology (ICT) Marketplace that uses a reverse auction format.
Kite is a fully fledged, cloud-based business management solution built specifically for small to medium sized businesses
Krad Radio  enables you to stream audio  and Mix live, create playlists, do equalizer effects, and  record. Launch radio stations.
We aim to solve 2 main problems:
1) The increasing price of extra tuition 
2) Availability of tutors WHEN student needs help at home
1) Work less!   2) Earn More!   3) Quickly Grow Skills  4) Find your dream job!  Discover what you love to to, and make it your career!
A website to create awareness of raising more women entrepreneurs in technology by 2020 and beyond.
OneSpotAId.com will centralize the financial aid application processes of every college in America into ONE easy to use website.
The website offers you the ability to easily build business processes using your professional network.
Social Network to quickly bring volunteers and organizations seeking volunteers together.
Research and developing the largest, accurate, and unique wrestling database online. The Pro Football Focus of wrestling!
Homepagefabrik.de ermöglicht Websites ohne Programmierkenntnisse  für jedermann. Es soll hier eine Marketingkampagne finanziert werden
TechPop, it's based on technology and how we use it. The growth of humans and technology together. It's about you, me, and tech.
Protect your Home with Smart Home Automation from a Smart Watch Phone how I do and cut your electric and gas bill, video DIY course.
Gogetmodern.com is a tool for parents, self educators, and teachers to find the best education software, hardware, and websites around.
UP NEXT is a platform for creative minds to present their ideas and convince the community to fund these
A web platform linking volunteers and nonprofits in their community based on their specific skills, interests, and passion.
The goal of this project is to create an online meeting space for entrepreneurs and business owners all across Canada.
Your preferred HR Management Solution | Powered by Technology. Featuring: Career & Recruitment Services for Employers & Candidates
Localists makes it easy for people who offer a local service to get their services online, and even easier for people to find them
Corporations and lobbyists bought our politicians. Now we buy them back. Bid on bills and only pay if they vote your way.
Cloud based banknote collector inventory management platform, cross-referenced with well-known catalogs and image recognition mapping
Thndrstrm is your very own place on the web that holds all of your data and interacts with all of your devices.
Auctacity.com is an online auction platform. We want to build a mobile app to enhance the experience, and need to pay a developer.
Multiple outlet weather forecasting and weather data company with an emphasis on honest communication and forecast accountability.
a safe&trusted place online to find friends,making genuine connections,practicing language& learning cultures from all around the world
Tired of searching the web for reviews of products.
Now with a simple search on our website you can find 'All In One' location
Montclair State Student created web service and app to help Students, Adults, and Active Retired enter, re-enter, and change careers.
Youtubernet is a social platform, it's a social network for youtubers and fans. Youtubernet blends all the social network together.
A website to report social media bullying via screen shot. User names would be searchable & all negative reports would be viewable.
It's marketplace for performing artists where they connect agents/managers/production companies and have search for castings/auditions
The Talking Gym is a platform where individuals with social anxiety connect via video chat and practice conversation.
A free, ad free, teaching resource to help students improve their reading, listening, comprehension skills & boost academic confidence.
Integrated website content management system, ecommerce, business management for retreat centers and yoga studios.
I want to create a website with forums for a game server where users can communicate, administrate and share ideas for the server.
Consigue productos y servicios sin gastar dinero.
PorTexto.com is an intuitive web-based text messaging service. Used for communications tool and a text message marketing.
GodzFavor is a positive place for people to express their love of God. Share your love of God using the free mobile app.
A hand-curated directory of the most amazing tools & resources to help you boost your productivity and get the job done, fast.
Wir haben jemanden gefunden, der mit seiner Methode jedem Kind mathematisches Denken vermittelt. Alle sollen mit ihm lernen können.
At your convenience from anywhere you feel comfortable take a live online class and learn to become an awesome architectural designer.
Drumble is a social media website for live music streaming for start up musicians to give them a better chance to make it big in music.
The Beat Den is a website that connects music producers to artists looking for instrumentals.
IndieDiscovR is a new service which allows garage bands & startups to promote their music online.
Don't you want an EXPERT'S opinion of who the best doctors are? DoctorRated.com is the only site that gives you physician peer ratings!
A dating website where you can know the person is who they say they are, their marital status and more important that you are safe.
A really cool Texas-based job board dedicated to helping businesses and job-seekers connect.
JImmyESL is a blog dedicated to providing honest advice about teaching English abroad. Funding is needed to compensate for content
WVOA's isymi(TM) renders lifelike 3-D worlds from two camera phones near each other capturing scenes for standard 3D display viewing.
At a time of Facebook and online social media it only makes sense to take your lifelong goals and career objectives online.
Using bots, Wouai combine the performance of search engine and advertising agency. Free for users, advertisers will only pay for leads.
We have developed a solution for all social studies teachers to excite, inform, prepare kids for careers, college and civic duties
Facebook App that makes it easy to create awards for your friends or earn awards by creating engaging battles.
Turn your idea into a product easily and inexpensively!  Learn the Lean Invention™ method and Invent something now!
INNOVATING THE WAY WE FIND AUTOMOBILE SERVICES.
A website connecting people to enjoy meals in homes, providing great cultural experiences for travelers, locals, and their hosts.
This tool is an amazing way to share good news about our youth, family and friends and share the grace and goodness of God.
"It's that quick, With just One Click!"
We live in a changing world. Our goal is to provide children with the very best tools with which to forge their future.
We are a social media website that combines connecting people worldwide and providing a platform to also find great places to go to.
NoteLion is a multi-platform service which allows students the capability to effortlessly view and share classroom notes.
Create an ICT training platform for entire families - Develop Maths and English skills for Kids & help Adults with Changing Technology
A positive, optimistic message for Britain - a showcase of the people, brands and music that make this country great.
Educators are always collaborating ideas and sharing material locally, but why not share/rent resources when needed globally?
Vous a-t-on déjà dit : ''' HÉÉÉ t'es un p'tit comique toi? T'as-tu ta carte de clown?"
This is a website designed for all demographics looking to rent or to share housing through a social media outlet
Urpass.co is a concierge platform that allows to inquire and book travel related services
This is a project to design, build create and launch the worlds first website dedicated to the sale of Vintage Guitars globally.
The W.A.Y. (Wepons Are Yours) will be an online gun and ammo store providing great products at low cost!
Revolutionary free to use API platform to prevent spam posts, malicious bots and HUMAN spammers by 99.9% And a Global Feedback System
Setting up new Web Design Consultancy focussing on Accessible and Usable design.Your funds will help purchase the tools required.
We are building a website that lets you share your books with the people around you.
To create interactive & eternal tributes to loved ones
A historical website that documents the changes of an area that have happened through the years
If you are a translator, or you have to translate something, Dearzan is what you're looking for
I am administering a forum to act as a central hub to several French blogs on spirituality, conspiracy and other alternative subjects.
The next social media platform for golfers around the world. With custom profiles, whats in the bag, & find a group you can play with.
Admire. Inspire. Discover.

Studeo is our vision for an online community for young filmmakers to share, discuss and be inspired.
New hope would like to bring many youths up date with the technology by bring a computer lab to teach them.
The success of this campaign will help me to make my vision for LuvQuest become a reality.
StepApp is an application that aims to cut off the unnecessary costs and inconveniences of doing sports by using public, green spaces.
JapanCon is an online convention featuring online cosplay, music, video game, anime, & manga contests & live Japan concerts and events.
Buy art by the square inch. Sell art for student loans, fellowships, and monthly $$$. PaintCoin: the world's first global artist co-op.
We're making the simplest and most efficient social network that centers around what others have to say.
A new social media website and app that allows people to find new friends in their area through their specific hobbies and interests.
Your second brain. Capture information you are likely to forget in your everyday lives - people you have met, your thoughts and tasks.
An webshop builder based on WooCommerce with the possibility to create your own style!
Notices™ is customizable, works on computers, tablets, Smartphones, cellphones & is delivered by email or SMS.  It can help save lives.
Sell where your customers shop. An Omnichannel platform for small merchants. Simple, Secure, Seamless.
24/7  development of online and app. access to personal medical records w/ summry, billing review and investigations
We are making beautiful, graphically-designed resumes to suit all of your needs and to make it personal to any job you might apply to.
newsverifier.com is a system designed to prevent fake news from becoming accredited through media sources and viral transmission
GTF is an online platform that will allow PTAs & schools to sell officially licensed pro & college gear for fundraising purposes
College Students all over the world want to study abroad but always in search of what can be a hassle of finding a place to stay
Jozii is the premier service for full-time university students to find paid part-time work and internships.
intrepeed.org is a worldwide points of interest (POI) exchange platform for outdoor related activities.
Codez une seule fois des WebAPP et déployez les sur iPhone, iPad, Android et Windows Phone!
I want to create website with search over database for indoor sports including large gyms and small specialized studios in SF bay area.
Wi-Share is a project to share local, private hotspots, adding free internet connectivity to everyone, everywhere without borders.
Selling your own house could save you a fortune.   Hanndi Homes is a private sale website which will help you find a buyer at low cost.
Children chat in real time and on random subjects with their video heroes, toys and other imaginary human-like friends.
Trandori is a new search engine for user-generated interactive educational problems and activities for any subject and grade level.
With the growth of technology, there are more tools for creating a great wedding reception.
A new social network for the medical marijuana community
eCommerce website providing eSports gear 4 gamerz that is fully customized around your preferred game and/or platform of choice.
A selection of pre-designed website templates for sole traders, designers, developers or anybody in a professional background to use.
Add flag on local baker's profiles who offer vegan or gluten-free products so it's easier for you to find them.
Watchdog activist website dedicated to the public to vote on political issues, and research political trends and history.
Visualize any kind of flow using this interactive web tubemap diagram. Supply chains, travel, processes, decisions - it'll all be free!
Platform that generates personalized, graphically-designed resumes, without any need of using a programe, completely free of charge!
freelancer.international - The most transparent global marketplace for contractors. 
Team with 10 years experience in marketplaces.
This new social network will give you the possibility to keep in touch with your friends store data,and a lot of functions.
i'm working
Dubtrack.FM is a social DJ site where users can share and discover the latest and greatest by tuning in to user-generated playlists.
We are creating a state-of-the-art 1-on-1 tutoring website & app that works 24/7 with awesome features you have never seen before.
We keeps you informed of all the responsibilities of your pet, vaccinations, care, advice ... With automatic notifications!
An anti-bullying website concept that will tell people exactly who they are in a few words. This website will keep people positive.
We are creating a social ecommerce + real estate website. The goal is to make real estate shopping easier and more interactive.
Zikube est une plateforme d'écoute musicale révolutionnaire.
myMusi.cc is free online music storage and streaming for thousands worldwide.  Help us upgrade our server cluster to serve millions!
Take advantage of Pinterest without having to compromise your website design with a plugin that makes it easy to upload a hidden image.
Support us and let's change the future of internet and businesses together!
Effortlessly Matching Drivers and Riders by Route and Schedule en mass to cut Greenhouse Gas,  Arctic Climate Change and Global Warming
Find free accommodation with locals around the world and convert simple travels in unforgettable experiences!
Revolutionary training program for free athlete with or without equipments !
A web based system of support for elementary teachers
First publicly open interstellar time/memory-capsule and communication bridge between Humans and Extraterrestrial life form.
Casi 39.000 en 7 semanas por una idea, y el diseño era feo. Ahora viene lo mejor. Lo que viene va a cambiar las redes sociales.
Want something? Just say it, and *bam* it's done! Order a pizza, book flights, concert tickets, anything. Back us to try it first!
We are creating a source for trusted news & content. Come join us!
Juntos crearemos la mas grande plataforma de economía colaborativa del mundo. Gosppy será el próximo Uber 100% español
BackpackBids is a penny auction website specifically targeted at college students. Our goal is to make the cost of college living less.
Réalisation d'un site de cours en ligne (LMS), adaptés aux enfants et aux séniors, avec quiz et certificats de réussite.
This project presents an easy social network where every YouTuber will have access to learn and teach their knowledge to other people.
Elevate Your Inner Geek
Create a web-based confidential legal assistance portal for both marijuana businesses and users in Colorado to connect with attorneys.
Uncle Jons List allows us all to be philanthropists.  List your un-needed items, then chose a beneficiary in your local community.
(SNUFA) is an non-profit organization intended to provide a online and interpersonal interaction advocacy for self-advocates.
Coursera of self-defense. Green Berets are teachers. Learn to defend yourself, be safe, and avoid an attack.
A new online clothing retailer that will allow you to rent or buy quality clothing, with a social networking twist.
I am creating fun and humorous video greeting cards for birthdays and special occasions. These cards are animated and unique!
The vision is to create a network of people, businesses & entrepreneurs to be able to work together to achieve new ideas & create jobs.
Online portal empowering individuals to make a difference in the green movement by making green products & services easily accessible.
Now -- You Can Always Go Back
FitTexter is an online weight loss program that will help you get fit and reach your fitness goals through your mobile phone.
Become part of a movement!  Help yourself and others determine if your property tax is fair.
Is your post viral worthy? With Time to Live, you'll know if you're as funny as you think, or if your cat is truly the cutest.
TheLearnArena is a flashcard system. Create your own online card game and learn while you are playing!
The Web Project is a new online platform for learning web design, offering courses for the next generation of designers and developers.
Imagina una plataforma de estudios en linea, donde podrás aprender todo sobre hacking y tecnología, por solo $200 MXN al mes.
Kijiji, Craigslist and now STOP the CLOCK with a fun new way to sell your things in a 15 minute reverse auction!  Check it out ...
An interactive online academy designed to promote mental wellness and help businesses benefit from an understanding of work psychology.
I'm creating a website that allows students to learn mathematics with interactive exercises.
Helping students gain work experiences and feedback on their college work from real Businesses.
Game Planner brings its users free data, downloads, and web maps for exploring the Western US. Perfect for those who love the outdoors.
An online community for anyone who is interested in health and wellness.  Open to anyone to share and care for each other.
Utilizing modern technology of QR Codes, add a personal custom template page, and YOUR medical records/alerts are available instantly!
RealSpace isn't a social network like others. 
RealSpace is the opportunity for you to meet your life's partner IN REALITY. #Believeit
We are attempting to put the alluring island of Leros on the map, by promoting tourism and the priceless Greek culture.
We are a one of kind health based social network of people sharing health & wellness stories, experiences, advice & online resources.
AidArena is a not for profit organisation that lets business & individuals sell items & nominate a portion of the sale to go to charity
Looking to raise funds to create a website that connects people in Charlotte with local volunteer opportunities.
A community of people gathered together on www.EnglishEval.com to Improve, Enhance, and Encourage better English Conversation!
Real Time Chat Rooms and Private Messaging system that can be seemingless accessible thru Computer, and Portable Devices (Iphone.. etc)
GluWonderful Is a platform to include disabled people into the workforce and into the world.
A community for career focused individuals who want companies to see them for their experience and knowledge, not race, sex, age, etc.
gabngab: Innovative Social Media without profiles or terms of service. With no profiles, no personal attacks; without TOS, no bans.
There are music review websites, but none of them with easy ratings and info like RottenTomatoes.com has for Movies. Let's make one!
Imagine you can read your blog simply in your hands: it wouldn't be wonderful?
ListingMage is an online classifieds that supports goods, ride shares, and short-term needs.
Enjoy a city like a local with residents
Faceless... because not the Beauty decides whom we love , but Love decides who we find beautiful.

Get in touch without getting swipe
New Online Business Community where you can share your products and business ideas with experienced entrepreneurs for free.
Imagine a place where you could find the answers to the most sought out questions of humankind...
We have created a FREE website with step-by-step Apple repair videos, including Macbooks, iMacs, Mac Pros and more. Fix any Mac Issue!
Citizen review site for Police Agencies across the US.
An online site that brings the addictive trade of swapping online, with every type of product or service you can think of to be traded.
SOL – School of Life is a global educational platform in languages and with teachers from around the world to improve your life!
This project wants to create a point of contact between all the companies and customers that deal with Car Audio and Hi-Fi material.
Explore over 20K wineries across 47 countries. 
Track Your Visits. Share Your Experiences. Learn about wine. Raise a glass - Cheers!
Since 2005, the brand that represents hip hop and the lifestyle of the dirty south has been online. We need your help to keep it alive!
Traveler is a brand new and absolutely beautiful global travel planning and bucket list tool.
Cryptocurrency Market Sentiment - Determine which coins are hottest before the price jumps - Spot Pumps before they happen
Wilde Paare ist für Paare, die mehr aus ihrem Zusammenleben machen wollen: mehr Spaß, Spannung, Sex, Freizeit & Genuß.
We assist students in getting a job, intern, or volunteer opportunity & provide the necessary tools for both candidates and employers
Sports website to help athletes,organizations and sports professionals stay connected to market yourself, a product or a  service.
TitanCore will be a Competition Management System for Gaming and eSports, made exclusively for WordPress.
Let's Build Partnerships, We Can End Global Poverty!
OBD’s primary goal is to coordinate and showcase what and where projects exist.
An all encompassing travel website for the beautiful island of Koh Phangan, Thailand.
Our website unites people around the globe for communication, entertainment and business
Help us provide in-destination information for travelers seeking an authentic travel experience that inspires unforgettable vacations.
A unique web tool that changes lives by raising funds, sharing stories and building awareness for ALL nonprofit organizations.
A Bigcommerce app that allows store owners visitors to make real time offers on products that you set the minimum price for. Sell more!
Something that will change the way greek life is viewed and the way it is lived. Creating a new, more positive outlook on greek life.
A non-profit network organization
focused on the advancement of 
websites and networks without ads.
You will learn how to create a professional WordPress website without any coding knowledge at all !
Bringing the power of the open market to the closed internet minimum pricing structure of the CPAP industry. We need your help!
www.planetgetfit.com is an online fitness website that allows you to exercise privately with family and friends online in real time!
Car Shopping website that logs price changes, mileage, location and seller. It gives tools never before available to the consumer!
Budslist.com is Craigslist, facebook, Instagram, Weedmaps, mmjmenu all rolled into one designed for the Cannabis community.
Create, Find, Group, Explore, & Count "OBJECTS" based on collective data; not "WEBPAGES" based on rankings, keywords, or paid ads.
Esquerr is a new social network for plays and entertainment. You can plan your free time discorvering new hobbies and new talents.
Watch TV and movies with others around the world and comment on them in real time.
What you write is available for everyone to read; anyone read what they want to. You may advertise for city/country of your residence.
"bargain it" provides buyers with an immediate response from the seller. The Algorithm works based on the volume and popularity of item
We're building Australia's own micro jobs marketplace with a sensational twist. Find out how you can be a part of it!
The new facebook and hyves site whe do things different the dutch way normal no strange roules no strange apps but lots of fun!
I want to change the tourism industry in Aus. A site for those who live in the most amazing of places to host others & share the life.
Pure Unadulterated Social Media. Your Network, Your Way.
Oxocial.
Creating a network of qualified and insured personal trainers in all regions over the world to advertise their services and socialise.
FindStake is a professional social network that connects poker players, backers and coaches around the world.
Creating a website for charity/awareness campaigns. This website will include daily news, monthly awareness campaigns & charities.
Together we can MakeWhatever
Defend the rights and freedoms of humanity, unite people worldwide for good causes, and hold political leaders accountable.
Simple and fast web data extraction
A revolutionary way to manage and organize and easily automate your entire Asset Recovery business regarding the loss of properties.
We've created the best free YouTube to MP3 converter. We want to make it the fastest on the net, translate it and meet an armadillo
Nonprofit organization  platform for college students to connect and receive funds to cover their educational costs from the public.
simple, secure, online voting.
A way for you to ask for help with your problem no matter what it is. You will get a reply from a real person. No topic is off limits.
Property management software for managing agents & private landlords. Zarlo can handle repair logs, renewals, inspections.
SitRep monitors the user's motion over a time period via a smartphone sensor and notifies you and other contacts to check in with them
My Eternity is a whole new social platform where you can save your memories, the milestones of your life, the happy moments.
An open source e-commerce platform for rapid theming and customisation. Built with developers and designers in mind from the ground up.
''Welcome to FacesByPlaces Social Network'' , connect your page with your Pet. Create a memorial Page for a Friend or Family member.
Technerd.com Needs support International AD campaign. Is a free website that allows you to freely promote your ideas, products/services
Activity, Goals, Upcoming Races. Attend races for registration and packet pickup. Sell DadRuns Running Gear, Hats, Socks and Gloves.
Don't worry, we're not another online dating site! Instead we bring safety, security and authenticity to your current dating profile
A user-populated, E-commerce infused Social Multimedia Network that unites you with your local business, service and skill providers.
XpressCo is launching a new exciting blog, this time creating reviews for your favourite products and accessories.
Upload a pre-recorded video to our servers and in the event of an unexpected accident your loved ones can log in and view your message.
TOOLSSHARING.COM is the first Network to share the working tools. Your income when you don't use them, your savings when you use them!
Paramountshome.org music, #jazz and #blues website needs funds for a web designer to keep information current and relevant
A new interactive online classroom resource for children, promoting and celebrating reading and writing skills.

Bookwormz.co.uk
A Website that inspires fitness trainers to start cardio workouts where people live, eat, work or play and enables payments online.
Create, Share, Play:  Give the power to the little guy and start a revolution from the bottom up
VS Cricket is a Social Network and Scoring System aimed at attracting young people back to the game through local sponsorship.
Fight news is dedicated to bringing people the latest news in fighting sports such as MMA, Boxing, Muay Thai & K1!
Your own computer in the cloud.  Don't just store stuff in the cloud...surf in it!
This is a Kid safe internet environment database where a kid can be a kid
Let's keep the gaming industry honest and ethical while bringing the community together.
Geeks and nerds now have a social place to meet and greet like minded individuals that share their interests and experiences.
A video companion to the book, High Performance Django, covering deploying and configuring high performance websites.
Visibility, communication, persistence...
Allow true fans to experience CHATOGRAPH™ one-on-one social media engagements & autographs with their favorite celebrities.
Chineseliteracy.com is a website that provides live language and culture lessons to those seeking to become fluent in learning Chinese.
Ras le bol des discours sur le pouvoir d’achat. En soutenant ce projet français, nous pourrons créer notre application web.
A new breed of social networking. Putting you in control. Watch, Listen, Upload, Discover. Featuring a cloud storage for you too.
We want to bring volunteering to those who want to do good, but have a hectic (aka normal) life.
A digital cafe where you can login to their account, and get their computers serviced or buy. Also Dog care and decentralized web share
A website for sellers to alert other sellers to fraudulent buyers.
Bringing together people who live with an STD/STI like Herpes, or HPV; which is a virus that stays with you for a lifetime.
Chaperon for your travel. Platform where I can get customize help during my travel. From trip planning to helping actual trip
Child care management system that is affordable to all owners, easy to use and no cost to the parents.
A website that the public can access during Natural Disasters to determine if their neighborhood is threatened at little cost
An e-commerce platform focused on buying and selling of digital products.
Our project will help web builders and designers find code and communicate to each other helping each other out, HTML C++ PHP CSS UNIX
Learn to produce music at your own rate. We're not an online course, instead we want to build a community.
Un petit serveur web pour particuliers et petites entreprises, simple, low cost, prêt à l'emploi, il ne vous reste plus qu'à publier !
This website will be a place for anyone to buy and sell foods and other edible items from around the United States.
A tool for making ambitious goals easier by breaking them down into smaller pieces, with an emphasis on ease of use.
Un site Web canadien qui facilite la recherche et l'échange sur les différents produits destinés à la famille.
Christian website to bring churches together, members may login to coordinate activities and events using individual profiles.
I plan to take my Itsrustic.com website to a new level by creating an affordable marketplace for Rustic Home Furnishings Artists.
i'm building a secure data & chat application for students & teachers to colaborate & learn from virtually anywhere.
I started a dating website called ohsingle.com My goal is to implement videos youtube link https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t7_p_QwL_Uw
The Project Management Portal with Real Project Professionals, Actual Projects, Shared Knowledge - Podcasts, How-to Videos & much more.
Funds for non profit website that will host wishlists of books from underprivileged kids in India. Wish lists to be fulfilled by donors
new generation web site for the super search
Développement du module Mondial Relay pour l'extension open source WPshop sur Wordpress. Affichage des points relais sur votre site.
Recipe Savants is much more than a collection of recipes! Menus, beer pairings and custom crafted food boxes are also in development!
Get in shape with 'Life on Marbs' TV trainer Danni Levy. Workouts, recipes & daily tips- plus your personal guide to Danni's diet!
NukePiracy, LLC is expanding and trying to use crowd funding to complete a DMCA system project and help underfunded IP Rights holders.
Helping "difficult" friends to find love and discover new relationships.
This is an online sports simulation game, you get a team and you plan your strategies and you play others around Australia/world.
WhosRunningAnyway is a nonpartisan, interactive, and social media based website for candidates and voters. Vote with Confidence!
A Website dedicated to your hair.
I will create a photo wheel of your favorite kick started ass kicker. This will change your life.
Scrapbooking and Journaling Meet the 21st Century. **  Transforming from Paper to Digital Media **  Now We Introduce Chronicling
Entrepreneurship is a career option and Relatomark is all about supporting & enabling you to pursue your entrepreneurial dreams
World's first web app to monitor products on Amazon, alerting 2m marketplace sellers to changes that would affect their sales
Imagine a world where you get to pick your playing partner before your tee time. Pick from a variety of teaching pros, and network.
Imagine if Wikipedia was social, with social content that you follow like Twitter, vote on like Reddit, and collect like Pinterest.
Premier réseau communautaire d'entraide sociale pour l'épargne solidaire (tontine) et événements entre particuliers de proximité.
You lived an amazing life.  Tell everyone about it!  SelfipediA is your chance to tell the world your story.
Online Bar-/Bat-mitzvah preparation service to help students achieve outstanding Jewish learning and successful celebrations.
Help others take control of their online presence and become a part of the future in Social Media, which is Your Social Domain.
Politiquiz- website and app that allows potential voters take a quiz and find out which local candidates they side with the most.
Make Addiction Recovery more accessible through a web-based Recovery App & Raise Awareness of Substance Abuse at the youth level!
Virtual Classrooms, Remote Multimedia capabilities.  Custom Built Courses, Private Instructor/Student Access.  Automatic Grading.
Soorvey.com est un site de sondages en ligne gratuits illimités. Les analyses et statistiques sont automatiquement générés.
A one stop shop fitness site that helps you find anything you are looking for and is also available on a mobile app.
A better way to budget than mint.com, simple.com, and mvelopes.com - simple and automatic smart budgeting without the headache.
Unofficial Lord of the Rings social network
En kostnadsfri webbsida där du ska kunna slå in de ingredienser du har hemma och få upp recept som du kan tillaga det med.
Add gamification points to LearnDash! This wordpress plugin will allow you to award myCRED points for many LearnDash activities!
Need to raise Funds to travel, visit with Hotels & add, upgrade Technology to my website~
Time for a place that our children can learn and have fun, and we are taking it off the grid! Please email questions: antcpu@gmail.com
Brainificience's goal is to share information on what make our brain run most efficiently in order to fight mental and physical illness
Health website for people affected by cancer, providing content and features personalized to user interests and emotional states
The first and only language learning site that offers online classes with built in social media allowing users to communicate with ease
The web based map will have geolocated pictures, videos, docs, links about wIldlife, habitats, and local environmental issues on LI.
A classified website where you can buy and sell anyhting that's been listed by others for free.
LegacyGRAM.com is the wildly-popular future messaging service that allows users to send video messages & memories into the future.
Created an app that helps you never get a parking ticket again. Your location queries database and puts parking info on phone screen.
Government-based financial aid is hurting our country. Let's make a website that connects private donors to ambitious students.
CoConnect helps students get into their dream college by connecting them with undergrad mentors who attend those colleges they want.
A digital platform providing customized unconscious bias eLearning for FREE to educators and low cost to other professionals.
Broadcasting World is a website dedicated to Internet Radio broadcasters around the world. 1000+ articles, stations, reviews + more!
Moms unite! A social network at your fingertips allowing you to manage your schedules, carpools, photos, blogs, buy products & connect.
My Chalet-World Properties will redefine the travelling etiquette - my-chalet-travel app will provide an turn-key travel experience.
A Totally Open Source Drupal training project
AppyBox is a FREE, QUICK & EASY to use cloud based APP building platform connected to the physical web.
Low cost membership site making college planning accessible w/ relevant resources for successful  admissions & financial aid success.
Curio is a fairtrade startup looking to use the power of personal stories to revolutionize online shopping!
cooked4U is an online marketplace for home-cooked food. Every time a user logs in, (s)he chooses to either buy or sell home-cooking.
Find Me Outdoors is an outdoor lifestyle brand consisting of an online social networking solution and supportive branded apparel.
The Self Attendance app is the simplest way to manage class attendance because it allows students to record their own attendance.
We need a better option to buy, list and sell, even rent out items online than what's out there today. Need help getting the word out.
At Dyroes.com we advertise, sell, delivery, and more. People can also share their music, videos, and sell their items on Dyroes.com
We are reinventing the web by changing it's face forever. Flat websites are a thing of the past. Welcome to the internet in 3D.
A source for dads to get information, support, and (hopefully) financial help for custody (partial or full) of their child(ren).
An online community marketplace where neighbors help neighbors.
A new way to find your lost loved one.

Following a traumatic experience, we have decided to take down the red tape.
An all new Roleplay chatroom that isn't completely terrible, and isn't run by a tyrant.
The @Atlwebradio @1Internetradio #Atlanta #School #Of #Internet #Radio #Broadcasting Project 2014 2015 Internet Radio Technology
Building a P2P platform that allow maintenance personnel to brainstorm together instead of paying consultants for their knowledge.
The most powerful force in the world is the people united. we are committed to uniting people through fundraising based on your ideas.
We are an outdoor gear sharing network. Gear owners make money, renters save money. Make friends and share gear! www.gearlope.com
The Academy of Vehicle Event Organizers, 
Help us create a repository of knowledge for those running vehicle events  .
At NextRnR you can find your next relaxation or simply turn your free time into cash.
PICup is the new community that brings together artists from around the world.
Eco-Project Investments & Crowdfunding Platform |
Plateforme d'Investissements et Financements Participatifs Écologiques et Organiques
Beginner friendly video guide on how to build a professional website using Wordpress. Learn while building your own website.
Revolutionizing how nonprofit organizations collect and manage data; and report performance outcomes to stakeholders.
GlobeStar applies the excitement of social networking platforms to connect nonprofit organizations & their supporters on a global scale
Jobvocate is a career management app that helps people organize their job search.  Keep track of all your resumes, skills, and more.
The travel and tourist individual search engine and database.
For easy and quick travel and entertainment planning.
I have build a online radio that will change the way we listen to music forever no more advertisement , no more paid membership.
12 Days of Charity is a website that educates philanthropists on the charities worth their weight in giving.
Cellfie Tours incorporates QR codes at locations around Albert Lea to educate visitors and residents on the history around them
This is a search engine type website I'm wanting to develop that searches for clothes based on shade of color for "matching".
The worlds fastest image host for public, private and business use - suitable for Desktop and Mobile www.sympic.com
It is time for real change in our approach to health and fitness. Join the GoldenStaffer movement for fitness transformation!
Ubagall is specialized search service,which allows businesses to create webpage and let users find products & services within second.
A worldwide, self-help, social media, non-profit website with a community whose focus is creating, sharing, and tracking intentions.
I want to build a website and app that will be like match.com or Meetup for Fight Club...seriously, but safe and fun.
An experts-exchange commercial free market used by students for students. A massive scale platform with incentivized participation.
A new browser which does not permit any unwanted adverts. Users permit ads for their specific interests and are paid to view such ads.
The Inventor’s Journey™ is an educational tool that protects inventors from the dangers of the so-called 'invention help' industry
Data Analytics for Child Growth & Development‏
Do you think Crowdfunding should be free? If so join Rose Crowd and help start the worlds first Crowdfunding site with 0% in fees.
My English Garden is a website that's designed to give students in China a unique opportunity to learn the English language & culture.
A social community for body ink lovers and those who simply admire ink art. Mingle with singles, find a parlor & contests on InkedMate.
We are a community where you can view and post acts of kindness from around the world!
Hi i'm Larbi the founder of fousell.com..... i'm looking for a £25,000 pounds or less to help this site grow!
BarProwl.com is a nightlife based website for university students to find local bar and drink specials, to save them money.
Whoneedsa4th: a cutting edge platform for the golf world. Find people to play with, quickly, schedule full seasons, create tournaments.
Give visibility to talents around you and easily connect them with event organizers.
My Virtual Reality review site. It's up and running and I'm looking to expand to more platforms and provide reviews for all VR content!
Why use dull images and long descriptions when you can sell your items using video?
Support the innovative reporting project to make distributed learning reporting easy.
becomeITpro.com provides a smartified, gamified and simplified experience for prospective learners to kickstart their IT career
Our FamilyKool social networking site will connect all your family members and relatives under a single umbrella !!
Uncensored Anonymous Search Engine
Optionslatte Tech expansion will bring reviews, demonstrations, and videos to consumers who are looking to purchase their next product.
PixelMeNow.com is a website where it enables the visitor to purchase pixels.
We're building a UK broadband product that connects your network directly to a Tor bridge without going over the public Internet first.
Shippifly is a web service that connects international shoppers looking to save money with US-based travelers looking to make money!
YouCollide is a service that easily help content creators find each other. Your next project could be right around the corner.
Dog Darez is an app that allows you to dare your friends and show the world. Like the ice bucket challenge but any dare you want.
The Arnett Group has a passion to help the independent music artist be successful.  Leverage technology to bring fans to the artists.
The PrepSail 'New to sailing' series is an introduction to keelboat sailing, with 6 online courses teaching the basic sailing skills.
The Travel Bloggers Retreat is a community,where Travel Bloggers,Writers and Photographers can come together network,and share ideas !
The ultimate e-tool to fully document uncommon historical sites and geographic phenomena.
Promoting the benefits/opportunities that using the internet can bring - for people who aren't good with technology.
KHABAY is a great way to order a range of meals in your area anywhere from chef dishes to homemade meals.
Track your employees information and time on-line, Intranet or Internet with a powerful employee management and time clock on the web.
Basically the website will review how interns felt about their internship or work experience in their chosen field of work.
ViewCoze.com is an alternative to Youtube, that aims to better support it's Creators. While providing entertaining content to viewers.
What would you do if there was a disaster? I want to provide the knowledge to survive.
Become an Ordained Minister online with The Church of Marriage Equality.
Not everyone speaks English. That's why I am on a mission to translate Time Genie into as many languages possible. Help me please (:
Swedish vehicle marketplace online. Buy, sell, exchange and learn about cars.
online marketplace for free of animal testing, vegan, organic and eco- friendly products
CentrePort is asking for a new intro clip, the initial step in launching an advanced universal system model based on laws of Nature.
Juici Jobs is a website platform, designed for advanced or up-coming models, talents, photographers. A BETTER WAY, A BETTER EXPERIENCE!
A Dating Site Without Pictures?!!!!  whaaaaatt?
We're creating a new social website called "My Cats in Space", and we need your help to put the final pieces of the puzzle together.
A website that let's you accomplish challenges and get rewarded!
Dream it, List it, Live it.
Tick off your bucket list, join public events, meet people with similar interests and create memories.
Help explore the ideas of Hypercapitalism.  We need our APIs to work on the bitcoin Testnet first. Your pledges get us there.
Look@Me! Hopes to become a new great way to share photos with friends and connect with businesses for great discounts and deals!
Platform which allows you to create, share and manage unlimited responsive websites and blogs without any coding required.
Virtual Soccer Private Lessons
Erudeversity (Erudeversity.com) delivers hands-on and project-based IT training for all at no cost to the end-users with 600+ videos
Mi Kidz is the Ultimate Cooking Playground where kids can upload their own recipes, cooking videos, photos, win contests and prizes!
Fanatalks is a website that will collectively evaluate sports fans opinions. What do the fans want? We want to provide the answer.
This project is to help teachers and families incorporate short bursts of movement into their kids' day to help keep them healthy.
Help to create an easily accessible training portal. Both for trainees and trainers a simple process and less expensive for all!
I've worked and wrote programs for security of IRC servers in the past. I am now pursing running my own server.
An online dating site that requires criminal background checks so everyone can date safely.
The mission of Insiders Abroad is to make it easy for travelers to experience the local culture wherever they go.
Build and incorporate QR codes at downtown locations highlighting the architectural and historical significance to Albert Lea.
The Home Book, Write down and upload pictures/video of all the recipes and how-to guides to remember and share them or find new things!
ProStatus is the worlds first interactive video employment and networking platform giving users 30 seconds to pitch to employers.
Coaches IQ is an interactive game that allows fans to make the decisions for their favorite teams and coaches.
We've seen 'send your enemies glitter.com' and 'dicks for dicks.com'. Now lets make something more friendly. www.sendfriendsharibos.com
TrueDiggs uses smart clustering techniques and a transparent, verified review process to promote valuable user-generated content.
The Lead is an innovative product that will give sports fans an amazing amount of always on sports content where ever they are.
Dating website and app in which you must be a member in order to communicate with potential romantic interests.
Imagine a website that gives you a wide variety of tools to search your next job, and also pays you at the same time!
Flohow is a to do/task list for families that requires proof of task completion and allows for parental review, approval and reward.
Create a website with online video lessons for 3D animation and Video Game Design. and allow students-teachers worldwide to access it.
MyWorldWall is a platform where self-expression, cultural values and diversity are encouraged regardless of races,ethnics, or religion.
6,000,000 dogs are lost each year with over 10,000,000 pets being lost a year with only 15% being returned home.  Help me reduce this!
Human Resources Blog and Consultation Forum for All
Promotion and support of golf courses in Dallas/Fort Worth through mobile live scoring app, social media, and website.
Introducing QuiXsell.com - The new Ebay-Amazon online marketplace alternative. Here you can buy, sell, advertise & it is free to join!
Pet Food Buyers Club's a yearly membership that enables members to purchase supplies, referral network well below others online prices.
A site & app for those who earn money daily or from multiple sources, and   want to keep track of what is coming in & going out.
Our website is a hyper-local event search engine with a focus on collecting events happening in the towns nearest you.
My motors is a website to search for cars specifications like make, model, type etc.
It's Better Together is a dating website based around Gamers, Geeks, and Nerds, sharing your interests is always better together.
STEMlete is a new, online, global community for students who are passionate in Science, Technology, Engineering, and Math (STEM).
Pro eSports Club - PSC. A website organising, encouraging and spreading professional gaming on consoles with prizes on each event!
What if you could get a tablet or smart phone to look at your online computer and create all of your documents anywhere? Now You Can!
The online vCard always gives the accurate, actual and simple information and it can be easily shared with the unique link of vCard.
ipayrentez.com is created for small landlords without the ability to take electronic rental payments from their tenants.
Hemp Our World is a educational non-profit organization dedicated to teaching the difference between industrial hemp and marijuana.
WebNesting's responsive web-builder is being created to fill in the gaps where other web-builders fall short.
A social media, a community based around fashion. Share your outfits, find new outfits. All one click away.
To create a social network that is geared towards adults only preferably in the swingers or nudist lifestyle.
We want to create a simple way of alerting/reminding people when their 'bin day' is (the day their rubbish bin is collected each week).
OutdoorDivvy provides adventurers with an affordable alternative to enjoying the outdoors. Divvy gear, divvy adventure.
Our team has been working as freelancers for quite some time, and we are ready to merge and get started on our new business!
MolecTech, Molecular Technology is a booming industry for now and the future.
A practical, affordable self-paced E-Learning community for entrepreneurs, business owners, and those who want to be.
Build your Personal/Business website today with ZERO Coding. Just sign up & Build it. No need to look around for web development agency
Helping to reunite you with your lost or stolen property with a single national database, that's 100 % free, secure and searchable.
Want to go on safari? Don't know where to start? Been on safari & want to give props to a fab company or offer advice to others?
Making a fire prevention program that is modern. Teaching families using today's technologies. Helping the fire service move forward.
A new craze that's going to spread like wild fire.
The Eighties is a decade nostalgia website. Including every thing from music, movies, politics, news, fads, fashion & culture.
Writer's meet Readers. A eco-system just for the two where the writers charge what they want and readers pay to read what they want.
An online resell website devoted solely to providing a P2P marketplace for used video game sellers and buyers to avoid getting shafted.
The goal of the project is a communication between people, sharing of information, helping people
EventBuddie: a social platform that is the FREE online yellow pages of local like-minded people to meet for sport, fitness, social etc.
Footballinclusive is the first user-generated football encyclopedia. Created for the fans, by the fans.
We are SPAM fighting ninjas, backed by 20 years of IT engineering experience offering the services of the big guys, at 10% of price.
A fun and simple online store where we offer products for those who have or will acquire poultry. Welcome to a fun world!
A new low cost, scalable, and ads free TV and video broadcast platform for everyone to Go Live on but keep your rights of the content.
This website will be used to host and sell the art of all forms from all  artists. Consider this as amazon.com of art
A private and safe social space to create and share your life's journey with people who matter.
"Mijn Cijfer Inzicht" is a dutch project for students from the whole world. Always nagging about the grade software offered by school
A simple and free website in several languages which collects all current events wherever you are, wherever you go
An interface (accessible via any cellphone) enabling groups/members to more easily begin dialogues by matching faces-to-names.
A Collaborative Treasure Hunt for TRUTH
24/7,International,Online,Language,School
Op-voorraad.nl is een nieuw platform waar je online kunt zien wat er fysiek om de hoek te koop is!

Geen dalende omzetten meer!
An app showcasing all of New York City's events and outings happening on any given night, offering its users an easy to follow guide.
This website is the #1 place anyone can mentor or get mentored in any skill or subject. Find out more at http://www.thegrindguru.com
A Complete Graphics Art Supply e commerce and Social Media online service providing exposure for new artists with articles and blog.
Security experts who have built an end to end encryption solution with all data fragmented around the world never in one jurisdiction.
Exploring products, connecting pioneers. Online conferences exploring the new wave of water purification tech.
Celebrate the eccentric traders of the UK's lay-bys. Giving users map based info on where to get a cuppa or a punnet of strawberries
We can't afford to wait for clinical trials to tell us whether medical marijuana is effective.  Help us learn from each other.
Duelset -  is a website/app that allows people to set challenges for other people worldwide to try and beat.
A source for exercise, health and nutrition advice, and information on exercise for new and seasoned moms.
Unwander is a travel marketplace to get personalized day to day trip plans from vetted locals or experts via a contest.
Vegan booklet is a community driven site that is dedicated to providing the world with delicious vegan recipes.
Turning customer reviews, into human emotion
The First Real Website for Everyone who is looking to find REAL Modeling & Acting Jobs. Period!
THE CR8TIVES is an online hub that inspires & connects you to like minded people. Share & discover everything creative. Lets you be you
A detailed collection of your exact knowledge and skills optimized for search. Keep track of your expertise and let people contact you.
Wurk is a simple, clean web app made for managers of teams; it's an easy way to keep track of all of your employees every day.
Power House er et Iværksætter Hus. Et medlemsskab åbner op for at spare, dele ekspertise og netværke på tværs af kompetencer.
Briar Nexus is a social site devoted to interactions between all kinds of people, with the goal of a happy, safe environment for all.
E-ComRetail develops enterprise ecommerce store solutions for online retailers, merchants and small businesses.
Join us.
MyPoliticalPriorities.com makes the world a better place by empowering voters via a comparable voter-politician compatibility scores.
Turn any video into it's own interactive player using the prompts you choose. Completely customized for you. Watch our video for info!
A Social video-on-demand platform
Venite Ministries exists to provide an environment that is safe, peaceful, prayerful, and renewing, right in the heart of the city.
There are so many dilemmas in life- what to do, where to go? 
Let us solve it - search our preference based entertainment calendar
A website dedicated to local Kink Communities; to find others with matching interests and bring them together.
The platform to record visual, audio and text memory of the common man - as we experienced history when it brushed us by
I want to make it easy for those with food allergies to know where they can safely, and happily eat out with friends and family.
Do you have a favorite shirt? So does everyone else. Favowear is creating a platform to share the best clothes and shopping sources.
1st collaborative webdesign tool to create professional websites with WordPress, Bootstrap and other open source technologies.
Build a Christian Network Platform to connect and collaborate projects, events, missions and support online to fulfill the call.
We are looking to build a secure email / document sharing system for companies needing to send sensitive information to clients.
Teach your native language online or study a foreign language with native speaking teachers. Social Web service and apps.
The project idea came from game keys, gamers give out game keys on insecure forums and websites, we want to change that and make it fun
Help us shine the spotlight on our local businesses and contractors by providing a cost-effective ecommerce & marketing platform
AX Nation's goal is to develop, highlight, and connect black business leaders across the diaspora with skilled software developers.
Axoral is a 3d interactive social media interface, with the potential to be so much more, but we need your help!
Groundbreaking New Classifieds Website Grows Into Largest Nationwide Coverage By Turning Users Into Entrepreneurs
grplife helps non-profit and community groups engage their members while upholding an attitude of responsibility for their information
Show-Skill.net helps to promote young football talents for free. It's the best place to show what you've got! Just post your videos :)
An educational platform for learning Unified English Braille Code
The world's first interactive global domestic violence platform which connects victims, NGO's, policy-makers and researchers.
A community website with news, classifieds, photo albums, business reviews and a calendar for the local community to share.
The words most comprehensive platform for creatives & artists. Develop & showcase user talent & link them to business & brands globally
In the future the possibility exists that the internet it's self could be felled, we have world seed banks, it's time for a net bank,..
A marketplace for talent and employers to match. Using intuitive technology we match & place talent with the best career position.
i would like to develop an international free platform for domestic and international students to find accomodation in all countries
I want to help people who have trouble remembering the simple things in life, like what day it is and what they need to do today.
Plateforme de troc gratuit et d'échanges en tous genres par nature. Mieux s'entraider, échanger, de donner, louer ou vendre à distance.
Our objective is to provide a platform which helps teachers to provide courses to leaners in wide range of locations including Africa.
I am creating a website that will make it easier for people to promote or find rummage sales utilizing the power of Google Maps
We are a small business website. Designed to help people from all walks of society to achieve their business goals.
Take this journey with us, and discover what you're made of...!
Are you sick of buying a new video game for 60$ and then you are done with it a week later? Trade with someone for a game you enjoy.
The Nucleolus App's core purpose is fair trade for small businesses, while the mission is 'Jobs for Hope and Value'!
Protect our children! Draze.com is the first search engine of its kind to be exclusively family friendly. Help us spread the word.
Miinnercircle.com is the new age of social media. Giving you a place where everything becomes the fore front.
An Initiative to Promote Creative Thinking, Stimulate Innovation, Providing the Solution to the Creativity Crisis with a Fun Focus
DOGA UNLEASHED has come out with a line of incredible products so that you and your dog can indulge in health and fitness TOGETHER!
Do you wanna "Shazam" someone you met? FACEDOOR is the first social network with search features based on Face Detection / Recognition.
seeActor.com will revolutionize the live theater. 
Publish in our website each live theater play, in a professional format.
Empowering swimmers of any age and ability is our mission!
i'll hire you .com is a website for jobs that would like to hire Felons and give someone a chance.
For fighters. For promoters. For sponsors. For fans. For Generation AMMA.
A website that takes the hours of searching for a vacation rental out of your hands. Let the property owners come to you, and bid.
Website will be used to provide educational material
Share you workload for less. An online platform that allows you to assign personal or professional help from your local community.
An innovative site for all things hair! Your hair heaven awaits.
A cutting edge website for creating an infinite number of original, beautiful and unique names for both boys and girls.
Learn How To Day Trade Stocks, Options, Forex and Penny Stocks without paying thousands of dollars in educational costs.
Mission
Justpeeps is committed to making your dating experience better.
This website is all about growing, growing together. Getting people the knowledge to start up a game server, website, and coding skill
RecruitMe, the newest and fastest way to recruit new members for your club or organization.
I will create a website where people can upload their music/beats/videos and even sell them for a low membership price starting $1-$4
We are your Online Shopping Website offering Brand Name Shopping Deals and NEW & Exciting Savings Daily. Help us grow reach the masses!
We are building the best website development and hosting platform in the world!
An established global qualification, now gearing up for significant updates and expansion. Boost us by obtaining lifetime membership
Are you tired of wordpress plugins being expensive and really cookie cutter? We aim to make totally original useful plugins.
I would like to create a marijuana dating/social network website
This will be an all-encompassing web resource for people to learn the who, where, what, when, why and how's of the cancer community.
At Charref, we streamline the referencing process, making it easier, faster, safer, and more genuine then ever before.
We would like to brand and build a kickass site to educate/offer free hosting with no ads 1 gigabyte of space and DNS.
PageGulp turns a screen capture into a bookmark, using standard Jpeg images. The PageGulp viewer adds editing, annotating, and sharing.
Support the next generation digital tutoring project started by a innovative team of  Tutor pace
Mash the ongoing learnings from http://www.tsvenson.com & http://blogg.baksteg.se into an internet based multilingual community.
CleverShare is a public file-sharing platform which also incorporates a range of elements from social media
platforms.
Shipooling is a website that allows a connection between an individual with a shipment and a travelling individual.
Your Technology Company for Short Stays!
Assessing your interests and preferred work culture; comparing to common job activities; and delivering opportunities to our supporters
Make her special day happen.
I want to start a website to connect people in need with those who want to help make dreams happen.
A pet supply, gift shop and lifestyle site to partner with local non-profit rescues, post lost/found pets and promote adoption.
The mobile app for people working nights, weekends, or just plain odd hours. Nurses, bartenders, servers, truck drivers, police, etc...
A site to help those who don't understand the seriousness of coulrophobia. You can use this info to sympathize or terrorize friends.
Need to fund a designer and freelance developer for some short term work
I want to create a platform to allow individuals, business owners, & leaders to stand up against hatred by pledging to #banthedonald.
Seeking funding to begin expanding the classroom to the school bus by adding Wi-Fi technology to all Independent School Districts.
We Search, Evaluate, Review, Organize, Sell, Buy and Build for you, with empathy.
Pinpoint Prize intend to make good offers to the customers through interactive interface and good prizes to be won
Cloud based low cost Accounting, POS, Inventory, Payroll, Business & Time management software.
My web site project will let you upload photos and create a digital collage comprising a main photo and 2 to 16 inserts. Share the JPG!
Netherlands first unique and free buying & selling online platform for all second hand & used mobile phones. Fast, safe & secure.
I'm working on a website that I believe will compete against Craigslist. Looking to build capital to help fund the project.
- Get sellers compete for your business.

- Take advantage of collective buying power by building teams to negotiate better prices.
A user friendly, highly interactive website that focuses on e-commerce and community interaction.
Connecting Surgeons to the patients they deserve. Connecting Patients to Surgeons that are informed.
V7 Workspace is a zero-commission site where freelancers connect with buyers.
All the URL shorteners in the world have a slash in it. For reasons of interoperability this have to change.
A site where upcoming musicians can showcase their talents and people invest in them with a chance to make money off their success!
A platform designed to empower optical stores by providing an online gallery of their frames to attract local eyewear online shoppers.
A Social Networking Website With No Limits
athletesOn.com hopes to give every athlete a fair chance to find a place to get involved in our world of sports without limitations.
A social networking site where student can come an all of the math, phys, and chemistry homework are done if you have a premium account
SocialWorth is a [for-profit] appointment booking tool that lets transitional housing residents to get free haircuts at local salons.
Planiversity is a travel planning software, which gives users confidence when traveling, through information consolidation.
NIN Scholars aims to make SAT prep accessible for all students, through FREE online live instruction & content.
An amazing blog and weekly podcast for men to vent and intimately and anonymously share their relationship do's and dont's.
Talents Unleashed is starting an internet radio station with family-friendly content, interviews and music from local artists.
Website to help patients find qualified care providers while assisting caregivers in finding jobs. Offers advice about medical diseases
Face to Face Web Design with Dynamic Service in Every City in America!
This is an old favorite game. Write a sentence, then pass the sentence to the next person.
IntraSpect SEO is a software designed to save business owners (especially web designers and marketers) valuable time, money, and sleep.
Platform for gamers
Easing the intensive high school to college transition process for students by providing 1-1 mentoring from current college students.
Online personal fitness training
Need a service, reform or work ? Enter your budget and thousands of professionals will bid to do so. Get the best price!
Fixtech Experts is your home for complete computer advice, repairs and support.
Resolvation: Resolving the problems of today with the innovations of tomorrow.  The website where you can be an inventor.
The uVu is an online identity verification and enrollment solution with the most layers of security available to users for free.
Polstrat - A user generated website with open-source tools to give people power of voice in ever increasing corruption of societies.
Game Exchange Network for lending and borrowing console games
myCampusHacks.com is a social networking website which provides a platform for college students to share helpful hints and tips
Watch your favourite movies online with your friends with a perfect sync and in real time! It works with over 900 websites Video URL!
Allow AlignAthletics.com to connect you with a database of certified and professional online personal trainers.
First Virtual Reality Mall, eCommerce, Live Auctions, Social Networking, and local Restaurants. Just like reality, without the stress!
The most useful dashboard around. A Web coach at your fingertips. The only app you will ever need for a successful day.10 apps in one.
Everybody has problems when it comes to translating into other languages. With BetterTranslations you will never have a problem again.
Consult the Calendar is a web-based program that puts all your important information at your finger tips.  Take control of your life!
BeenMissing is a platform for searching for Missing Persons that combines Web, Mobile and Social Networks to help the families
A social network for bikers across the U.S.
We are creating a one-stop shop for all of your fantasy gaming needs. 1 location. 1 username. 1 password. What's your fantasy?
This is half social network & half political revolution. We will operate like a SuperPAC to FORCE Congress to represent We The People.
There are several dating websites, but I have not seen any catered to Gamers only.  This site will match Gamers with similar interest.
We are developing a pioneer social travel site with unique couchsurfing service to help people get to their dream destinations.
Rave is a 1st of its kind urban-guide and business review website in Pakistan allowing consumers to crowd-source whats hot in the city
UBKC, an all animal pedigree registry, with Genetic DNA patent to stop bad breeders from fraudulently selling non-purebred animals.
Instache is a daily web guide to some of the greatest cities in the US. We will guide you to the new hot spots and the classic gems.
Votesy is a social crowdsourcing voting platform and community.
Bringing Math education to the 21st century by giving both students and teachers, the only tool they need.
Making a web-based, PHP front-end / MySQL database back-end Contact Management piece of software for small business or Club Membership
Entwicklung einer intelligenten Helferdatenbank zur Verbesserung der Integration von Flüchtlingen in Deutschland
Traffic Buffet is being developed as an easy to use advertising and publishing platform delivering revenue, ROI and measurable results.
A web service that creates photo-mosaics from profile pictures of people who retweet your photo.
We have developed an app based website to HELP CLEAN UP LITTER!
We are a employment social media company that will help people strive and evolve their better selves.
s i e m l e s s is a cloud security monitoring service with a freemium operating model - Community, Monitoring, Intelligence
A sleek prayer platform that will allow anyone anywhere to pin prayer stories and Christian news to a beautiful, interactive map.
You want to have a website, but you don't know how? 
Guidetoyoursite.com
Halloween has just ended and you spent endless hours & hard-earned cash on your costume.  Don't throw it away... Sell it next year!
PopShare is a networking service website where users can find products, perks and services to freely exchange between the community.
With you,we're developing SpiritualMatching, an online platform dedicated to get together spiritual people, vegetarians, vegans...
A free webside where users can enter ingredients and easily get get recipe suggestions. Sign up and submit your own recipes!
Fore!  We're teeing up a change in how tee-times are made.  Check out how you can be a part of GolfH.net!
A collaborative website for project development.
It can help you do what you want to do and be what you want to be. And it's free.
Help us create a website for freelancers by freelancers. Bid on projects and keep 95% of your fee + more!
A web app to centralize calendars. Discover your community. Follow your interests. Know when everything is happening!
musicworldtakeover.com gives artist a platform to present their music with the latest online design options
This campaign has for purpose to bring the funds necessary to complete the work on the picMatch project, and bring it to life.
A  beautifully designed and user friendly website to find hikes, plan trips, and build an online community of hikers in oregon.
Upredict Sports is an online sports predicting community. Sell Picks, start pools or just see what teams the masses are picking.
At CampusWise we're dedicated to creating an easier way for college students to buy and sell books to each other.
Lacrosse Guide is a company built to help prepare student athletes with the tools and guidance they need to succeed.
* Share private messages over the Internet
* 100% encrypted data
* 100% anonym
* Options like: self-destruct after being read
I am building a website that use your location to help you fina a massage theapy that is near you with a good serves!
Financial Uber-like innovation of money & fun!
Online message board threads Free Brokerage Yachts. Yachts Full Time Management office. Crew Placement Services. Web Site Development.
A social media / E-Commerce platform where we provide users with the space to directly impact innovation in the marketplace !
The Best Sports Travel Resource! Insight into venues, how to travel on a budget, best tickets, unique seats, and MORE!
Netflix for sports! VSTV will stream replays of classic sports broadcasts. Online or any smart device that supports streaming media.
Want to be one of the 1st to experience a new type of website? My target will change the way we find employment worldwide. It is unique
Welcome to Banana Shuttle! Share a thought, streaming, with everyone.
Technical reports - Price targets, support levels, pivot point, resistance levels & indicators of stocks - Free download for everyone.
History of the people written by the people, for the people.
New auction site designed from the ground up for speed, simplicity. Low fees for usage and live customer support.
TalkWits.com is a next-generation social media website. It will benefit researchers, students, and creative writers.
A growing hub of web services. Shorten URLs, find available domains, transfer large files, make QR Codes, evaluate SEO scores and more.
"One Man's Trash is Another Man's Treasure" with that in mind why not bring bartering back? Trade Games, Electronics, Books & More!
FREE MOBILE MULTI LANGUAGE 
DISPOSAL INFORMATION SERVICE 
FOR ALL CITIZENS WITHIN EUROPE
IU.me is an integrated cloud service for everyone, but it's a must have for the Social Networking Gurus.
We want to provide alternatives to traveling with luggage.  Our service includes cleaning, pressing, delivery, storage and pick up
A members based website that will update people on local and search oriented events.
Multi-Language translation site with the patent pending SyncWave Technology.
ProSearchOne is a newly created job search website connecting hiring companies with viable job seekers. Please help PSO expand online.
create a system of true transparent democracy, free from influence of lobby groups and party loyalties.
Live Palmistry Report , Couple Compatibility & Perfect match thru palm scan on palm machine.
Hire Y'all is a staffing tool connecting retail and service industry employees with hiring managers. Like LinkedIn for restaurants.
Billing Hub for all Medical Office Billers
Hello! Help me fund my blog of SE Asian production this Spring. I'm a poor college student and need all the help I can get! Thank you!
AIRESTAR is an aerostat broadband system designed to bring High Speed Internet, Video and Voice to underserved users around the world.
I want to create a new and easy system for volunteers all over the world
Uklipz is a discover, buy and sell user-generated video marketplace that enables brands to connect and engage with customers
The cluckin' cool site that helps flat / home owners track their flatmates costs. Automatic billing & contract generator as standard!
Sport/activity social network built to your needs connect to people with same interests.Find local teams/gyms/classes/events/trainers.
Create a website to allow exchange of goods between users. Promote the reuse of goods between people who give and those who need
Documenting texting and driving on our roadways
There are thousands of places to visit in every city. It's your city!!! Explore It...Enjoy It!!!
A complete data base of all services needed to make final arrangements including wills, insurance, burial sites, funeral homes and more
Make church hiring simple and enjoyable. 
Match your church to the right candidate by percent.
A website for struggling entrepreneurs to seek help from other entrepreneurs.
The latest and most exciting Share Economy online platform
We are creating a site that connects trainers with people no matter of location to maximize health goals.
Jacksonville, Florida health forum making health a community effort! Meet health care providers or join fitness events all on one site.
The Welcome to the World Project is the first beneficial social networking site.
plataforma ecommerce para comercio local, 1 plataforma, n comercios independientes y escalable. Servicios horizontales, logística,...
A HTML CSS & JavaScript code editor that makes it easy to leverage responsive design frameworks.
A remarkable new interactive virtual school for forensic, crime and security science, and it's designed for everyone.
Support quality content, in just one click, for free. Or enable your audience by adding a button.
Defrozo is a free, all-in-one platform that helps photographers better display and market their work online.
A fan made site for the game Robocraft where you can share designs, leave comments and find platoons with other players
A social creative network curated by your interests.
Dedicated to helping normal businesses finding professional IT companies/partners
Our Big Box is a social online space where families of people who have dementia can upload and share materials to help them remember.
Math program and formula collection combined to make searching, sharing and using science information easier.
An online museum exhibition contrasting the collections of the Metropolitan Museum of Art and the American Museum of Natural History.
A comprehensive video course that will teach you Angular 2 from the ground up.
This project hasn't been marketed in the most successful of ways, so let's try and launch something like this in a more successful way.
You engage yourself with communities of like minded thinkers and achievers, then promote yourself in order to achieve educational goals
Join our global network of change makers; become the leader of your own collaborative community, igniting & uniting a movement of love.
Never forget to send another birthday card, Anniversary or get well card again.  Use our Online Calendar to pre-send ahead of time.
Lockin is a secure file hosting service that wants to make it easy for you to share files with the highest security standards.
Practice conversation with natives through video-conference
Free tool for people to pass their knowledge and experiences that may teach and help influence others for a better tomorrow
A new property management application. This application will manage your clients from their initial application to collection of rent.
We want to create a mobile and user friendly content management system for any website to distribute freely among everyone.
We are Fitness360, NFP!

The first full fledged online fitness center designed to bring health, fitness and nutrition to the world.
Access anywhere to pay respects,
content can be private to friends and family or public.

Create virtual grave with your words
70% of the world is covered by water. It is time to utilize this vast empty expanse and create a nation of the future "New Atlantis"
A wind of change and an alternative solution  / Un vent de changement et une solution alternative
Yuwowy is an alternative search engine.
It is an important tool which simplifies the interaction between retailers and buyers.
Your own Virtual Concierge to get tasks done.
internet radio, streaming music service, social network, internet magazine site covering music from around the world "Profitably"
Simple, Affordable, Personal Airport Parking.  Connecting People to all the available and unused parking around Airports.
Reading Rescuers, Inc. is an education website that specializes in READING only tutoring using an easy-to-use online tutoring format.
As a "relying party" (a site owner), I find that the current providers of SSOs/OpenIDs all have shortcomings one way or another.
An online platform that allows the user to design their website by a drag and drop method and then send it to be built.
1. List what you want 2. Merchants receive an anonymous request to bid on it 3. You pick winner 4. Only then they get your contact info
Revolutionary social site that will be a platform for amateur artist of all genre to participate in recorded and live freestyle battle
My goal is to create a website that would serve as a searchable directory of churches with community & social features to engage users.
The easiest and safest way to trade. Do not worry, no one can trick you anymore with our system.
Making of a ecological CM-System (perl,java) for Web-Sites and Web-Applications which spent a minimum of energy on Server and Clients
ImNext!! has designed a unique system for talented individuals to be seen by talent agents, recruiters, producers, college scouts, etc
Unique Stock Control, Warehouse and Content Management System with built-in Web shop builder/management tool.
Digitally save your words (or a URL) on a website that will exist for 100 years.
Existing student loan debt crowdfunding sites function more like beauty pageants than anything. Our site will be truly egalitarian.
Why not save green and go green at the same time, and maybe make some new friend along the way? This is actual ride sharing.
A social website concept with the goal of empowering individuals to make a difference in their community.
We all learn differently, that is a fact.  This website will allow golf instructors to know how you learn. Your lesson will be for you!
comfortable honest dating for parents and singles who dont mind alittle Baggage ;-)
Drive people to your SLICK WEBSITE. LEARN  with a PRO. Step by Step, Secrets, tips & tricks they charge big money for. Do it yourself
SageFlow wants to provide an opportunity to each individual and organisation to find the right expert to address their key challenges.
This will be a website for all things Iranian. A central location for recipes, jokes, news articles, stories and more.
A friend and I decided to make a YouTube channel but we discovered that we don't have enough money to keep it going.
TheBoutsheet.com is specifically Designed for USA Registered Boxers and their fans, taking the bout sheet to the cell phone!
HelenMeetsTroy is "The Future of Online Dating"
Connecting Black Community throughout the world with the initiation of BANIBS.Get noticed as a community member on the web with BANIBS.
A Virtual Personal Assistant, no matter where you are in the US, I am only a website away...to do all the work you hate to do.
1stHelp will centralize data for First Responders so they can confidentially find the help they need, when they need it.
RpCracked - Our world isn't as simple as it seems.

Can you help us make a dream come true?
Home to all Footballers and Football followers.
NoGuardianLeftBehind.com will be a website dedicated to providing a matchmaking service for Bungie's Destiny.
Connect like-minded people online to meet and socialize offline.
A site provides business and casual travelers with a safe and easy platform to meet new friends while traveling.
Denmark needs a national lost-and-found website by this summer. Help us achieve a user-friendly site for both locals and tourists.
There's a new bartender in town who is changing the way the world views health and fitness. Let FitTender serve you.
An innovative service that provides immediate access to product recall information at the time of purchase through a phone app & web.
Coaching Basketball.  This course will teach you everything you need to be a winning basketball coach at any level. Sports opens doors.
A podcast to help Entrepreneurs with their skills, tips and tricks on how to work from home or anywhere in the world.
A social network that wont take your information and sell it like other networks. People will not be dollar signs in our eyes.
Parents are scared of putting their child in a daycare, well we want to bring the trust and the comfort when choosing the right daycare
It's a world of masons, in search of masons in need of skilled labor or advertise their own. An Angie's List for the traveling man!
Gateway Virtual Services...Your Portal to Administrative Support.  Who wants their own Virtual Assistant?  Why, EVERYONE of course!
Connects community members who need a task completed with local individuals who have the knowledge and skills to complete the task.
CharityPages' goal is to provide non-profits with a platform to grow their awareness online for an affordable price.
We enable users to carry their emergency medical information and complete health record. We also help Doctors meet Govt. compliance.
Change online your cool stuff you have for anything you were looking and longing for.
I'm helping my nephew raise money to create a new social networking site.
A social network where you start connected to EVERYONE!
Argument Expert is a free tool where you can post your own surveys, polls or questions and get member feedback about your argument.
Catch eyeballs by yourself . Deliver message by yourself.
Our young team wants to focus on creating more professional websites for supporting social causes
We will travel the country to put the sports fans in the spotlight.  We're dedicated to the real people who make it happen...the fans.
VS Cricket is a social network aimed at Fans, Clubs and Players. It is a state of the art social network combined with live scores.
Support us in bringing affordable web based landscape design into the 21st century!
We aim to use cloud technology to revolutionise the VPN industry by offering the cheapest Service to consumers & businesses
I want to give the social world a chance to keep decency in human relationships. This site would keep people honest about relationships
Update the CEIXX website to become a Dating & Partnership website where people can locally and globally look for Dates or Partnerships.
SimplyHire.co is the First Services Marketplace that connects post-secondary students and recent graduates with local communities.
Fair and save trade for a better word! you receive gift (Free Shipping!)
Seeking promotional funding for PulseAuction.com - a PATENTED online auction site. We've banished Per-Bid Fees! Join The Revolution.
A common website where real people can review about the millions of app available in OS, Android and Windows Platform.
App to follow.
Keep your child alive during an act of terror or other emergency. Website, training videos and in-person training events.
Encrypted Virtual Private Network connections routed to an Anonymizing Proxy Server which is a hidden service on the TOR Network.
INFINITECARZ.com was developed to end the tiresome site to site search for a vehicle online. Infinitecarz searches all major sites.
I want to be leading on an overview of real competitions in Denmark. I need funding to overtake the market from the survey-sites.
CENTRALISED PLACE FOR ALL THINGS FITNESS
Open a shop, host resume, free Pro-Folio, find jobs, start/search for group projects ALL for under $10/month! and only $10 per job post
The Future of Online shopping. A website where you type what you want and it arrives at your house. Extreme Simplicity
i want to create a custom website that i feel could be one of the most beneficial and creative sites ever
An online streaming service for independent talent.
Tired of just gambling while visiting Las Vegas? Are there any interesting places to see other than slot machines? Yes, there are!
Thought experiment devised by Yudkowsky to prove than an AI can coerce a human mind into 'releasing' it through a text-only terminal.
Looking to create the ultimate fantasy basketball league that simplifies fantasy basketball and brings cannabis advocates in.
Want your favorite restaurant/shop to get the beer and wine you want? Help staytocked make it happen.
The new APP that shows your vehicle Proof Of Insurance -
no matter who you have a policy with, even if you switch companies !
A site where you can watch your dreams become a reality through collaboration  and sharing of ideas.
Online Personal Training that will take any person and transform them into the Ultimate hybrid Athlete: mixing lifting and cardio
Self-Match is an innovative idea for a dating website that will use survey-driven dating approach for safer and more effective dating.
Voter-Ed.com is the place for politicians to tell voters about themselves without political negativity! Elect your candidates wisely.
A social networking website for equestrians, by equestrians! Find property and barns, lease or sell your horse, and more, all in one!
We're building a platform that will change the internet forever. We call it "The $10 Time Machine"
Giving others a chance to make money online!
Very easy: Register, post your jobs, get paid!
"Give a dreamer a pen and paper and unspoken words will come to life."
Imagine having the ability to tap into a market audience of over 153000000 people. Our goal is to equip and unleash Africans in Africa.
I am super excited to be working on a Sia Furler fan site and forum. I want to make it as great as possible!! 
--> www.siafurler.net
Write your own application in new technology without any technical background. Copy & Paste the code and enjoy your live application!
Connects renters, roommates and landlords using search tools for personal preferences and a rating system for peace of mind.
Project (Pet-A-Tree) is a humanitarian based forest of information branching outward to help bridge the gap between pet and parent.
Awesome tutorial of programming languages from a scratch which will be easy to understand
I Want to start a YouTube channel that gives away prize bundles and features gaming content called Gaming Giveaway's
A site to find parts for stuff from everywhere in one convenient place - with instant search.  You and I are building this together!
A WEBSITE AND APP THAT ALLOWS ME TO MATCH IT PROFESSIONALS TO THE RIGHT JOB BASED ON SKILLSET AND EXPERIENCE.
We want to connect musicians from all over the world at one social medium site.
CATS5000.us is a truck management web site. It is designed to reduce driver stress and accidents by tracking/manageing operating costs.
An affordable quality private education platform for all. 
In short this project aims squarely at leveling the playing field.
Une plateforme de réseautage sociale, d'affaires et de commerce électronique. Participer à cette plateforme révolutionnaire!
Orchard.social is not just a social network, it's a lifestyle that jumps off the page into reality connecting real people together.
Inspired by Million Dollar Home Page, KickstartYourTwitter.com aims for 1 million Twitter users to take part in history!
Ultimate Free Dating site, complete with virtual dates, multiplayer games, live video chat, whiteboard, screensharing and more.
Help us to create a website that is a meeting place for those who have lands without crops and those who have crops, without lands.
Track life goals on your own spoonlist. Find mates to complete goals together. Watch videos and read stories of other riders goals.
An all in one website for FAA pilot checkride scheduling services for anywhere in the country! Find an examiner, school, and much more!
The project we are creating here is going to give people the highest possible payout for their scrap gold. Up to 75%.
Rushbottom Journal is a news delivery platform, that serves users offline, through free groceries and other products.
Website and app for sharing photos, videos and stories of your pets.
An outsourcing platform where employers post jobs and freelancers can then bid to complete.
SageFlow is proud to offer the Open Mentoring Network. In order to make this available to everyone for free, we need your support.
A Free Dating Website That Covers All Niches
Connecting Christian pet owners with atheist pet lovers for pet care after the rapture.
Our dream is to complete everything on our bucket list! We want to help you complete yours too!
Got a horse problem?  Professional trainers demonstrate dynamic  solutions to your questions on  3minutehorsetraining.com.
A web based service intended to revolutionize yesterday's home buying/selling experience through the use of today's modern technology.
We are creating a Worldwide Online Shopping Directory, we initially focused on Ireland and the UK, and are now expanding globally.
Revolutionizing the fitness industry.
A fast convenient way to get the things you need!
Enviro and Safety is the first integrated eCommerce website for  environmental and safety products for the construction industry.
Inspire. Engage. Network.
I'm going to burn the internet to DVDs then send it to you for safe-keeping.  Keep the internet safe.
methalive allows you to interact with any live event worldwide using Internet. Even if you sojourn somewhere in the middle of nowhere.
Online retail store with only the newest inventions who are ready to be sold to the public.
Your personal information filter. 
Just look what you need.
A website that allows gamers to join the competitive market and play their favorite games and win money!
The purpose of this project is to connect businesses with local communities through interactive web site with feedback from consumers.
OMG - Social Media, Online Dating, Buy & Sell Auctions, Health & Fitness. Jobs, Properties, Reviews & Ratings. All from one Platform.
Tired of your old phone? Still waiting for that upgrade? Then just Sign in and swap it for another.
The cluckin' cool site that helps flat / home owners track their flatmates costs. Automatic billing & contract generator as standard!
We are a social networking site for goals and connection for a purpose! Build yourself up and connect with the right people.
Estamos creando una plataforma de televisión integramente deportiva, el objetivo es cubrir todas las disciplinas y darle su prestigio
A searchable document Cloud storage service with client re-branding, unlimited users and unlimited storage
Social Network & Community for Vapers and Vendors.
My site will make the difficult task of connecting product designers with product manufacturers very simple.
Inclusive Interactive Property Management Software Suite & Application
The revolution of technology is here for everyone...
Join us in launching a free email service and enjoy email addresses that reflect your love of cricket!
free search engine that searches everything every where.  Plus focused searches for videos, pictures, and product reviews.
Help be part of change and join the movie going community and help bring back creativity and originality to Hollywood!
Every bride deserves the day of her dreams, with our experience and your support we will offer brides worldwide a free planning tool.
A Travel Site leaping from the ground.I am in need of a GDS system which links hotels to my site.I need a flight  and cruise server too
Casual dating site for people living in US.
I am planning on building the world's largest directory for startup business to allow new entrepreneurs to know what currently exists.
Need funding open career resource centers to help people find jobs across the USA.
Just 1 website for advertising anything and everything, while being able to sell and auction items, paying much less than competitors!
I am creating a happy medium for travelers and for residents. This is an opportunity to see local culture from well, a local.
Karaoke is being brought to a whole new level with Jaraoke, an interactive online Karaoke experience you can share with friend & family
Online Speed Networking for Business Professionals.  A convenient way to spark new business relationships in a speed networking format.
The addiction that is sweeping the nation, NO the world. It has made us a zombie nation.  Join the revolution: help stop the madness.
Feedback widget is an innovative way for web-site users to send their feedback to web-site owners, using pinpointed printscreens.
EM Certification's live & online products gives companies proven tools training & consulting to help compete against large corporations
Do you want to buy something and are you searching for an advice? Maybe by someone who already tried that product?
First Read then Buy!
The People's Social Network.
Hi, I want to build up a server for make security issues experiment and make report of them. I will make available the reports.
Pet Chat is a social media website like Facebook, however instead of it being yourself the profiles are of your pets.
Does your job make you iRate? Do you love your job? Either way, let other's who may potentially work there what to expect!
Developing a website that offers all-in-one restaurant tools. I.e. inventory management, scheduling, sales trends, P&L, reservation.
An added option for online Shopping made more Easy with Eazyshop.in
K9 Feed is a social media site where dog owners and their dogs can post updates about what's new with them.
a new unique auction website idea making the way people sell things totally different and making it very easy for anybody to buy/win
FITIBI is the first LGBT information social media network designed to publicize various social to political events through social media
Our goal is to create a platform for free medical education by sharing creative, self-made, peer reviewed material in an online setting
GAMERS will generate video reviews of video games and change the community so the better Gamers can comment and have user names etc.
Shark Tank has given us some awesome products, we want to make shopping for them even easier and more fun!
A web based classifieds service for Sioux falls, south dakota. I need the money to buy bus bench ads around town.
A new online clothing retailer that will allow moms-to-be to buy or rent quality maternity clothing, with a social networking twist.
We are trying to create a new ticket resale website that will be a more exciting way to buy, trade, and sell tickets to all events.
Moving house or investing?  Wouldn't you love to know what the street is like? Review your street and read others reviews.
Our site will be a free member based site allowing people to sort out a grudge online.
Teaching kids how to be entrepreneurs.  Webinar type site where kids can collaborate with other kids to start online business's.
I wish to bring a new, fun, interactive slot machine game to the Facebook platform. Free-to-play, fun to use, with fair gameplay.
Moving Africans to the Internet World.  Turning to Western Computers Economies and Genius of Africa.
www.wisementrade.com
Set Halfway Between Alibaba.com And Facebook.
Sell Or Buy Worldwide In Just 2 Clicks.
JOIN FREE !
A place for wedding vendors to list business and sell online products.
Our goal is to create a new website that will go above and beyond to bring you all the greatest in the MMA World.
Name@Number is a Public Online Profile that helps others to find your entire online presence using only your cell phone number.
Was your car stolen?
I want to build a website that will help anybody in the world get your vehicle back.
Most digital planners were not designed for homework. That can be changed. Meet PlanHW, your homework planner.
Online Bible-study, research and translator-tool
An online directory to encourage activity & motivation amongst children by connecting parents & guardians to tutors, coaches & mentors.
I would like to create a web design and web development company that will provide multiple services on and offline
An online entertainment experience involving the customer in shaping our cross-media cutting informational products 'cradle to grave'.
Looking for funding to help me create a platform for people who loves to play games on their phone to be able to get to know each other
Every Student Deserve A Better Exam Practice Tool
Je dois rencontrer un inconnu, mais comment être sûr qu'il ne m'arrivera rien. Junard, l'ami à vos cotés en cas de problèmes!
Nabda is an online magazine about Leadership and human developpement
Fully functional e-mail service for children with parental supervision. Safe against little blue pills as well as bullying.
A website to provide a meaningful comparison of the NBN plans on offer from the Telecommunication Companies (Telcos).
Maavoice is the first audio classifieds portal where businesses and people can promote, sell and interact with each other worldwide.
Creating interactive curriculum to advocate, educate and facilitate for victims and survivors of Domestic Violence through Christ.
*Spark is a network designed for entertainers & other industry associates to meet, collaborate, and share their materials.
Currently being created in Buffalo NY and  going to promote activities that don't involve alcohol....for those who get bored of bowling
Um meinen Traum zu verwirklichen und mich als Webdesigner selbstständig zu machen, benötige ich ein Startkapital.
Innnovative bromatology interrelater : Funding for initial 1yr website setup : If funded you will be able to visit the physical website
Making a hub for goods that need transport, so companies whose trucks & vans are returning empty can take on a load and save on costs
Graaffiti.com is, &  will be social network site that isn't in bed & wont be in bed with the NSA & government spying.
New social network that doesn't keep your data and track your location and/or activities. 100% control of what you share online!
Deal Hotel Book is a one stop shop hotel comparison service. It helps you find the accommodations you need for the lowest prices.
SportsWatcherss is a site that allows you to buy, sell, or trade sports items to sports merchandise and more.
Psides is your personalized Startpage extension to manage all you sides for a maximum of productivity, when you browse in the Internet.
I want to bring the ability for anyone to be able to run a REAL free background check! Parents should not have to pay for this service!
All the greats start somewhere and now you can
Monster training is a website for training people all over the world in creative design from Painting to Video compositing and more
I want to create an online-catalogue with no credit checks allowing customers to pay small amounts then delivers item upon full payment
My Mind Maze originally started out as a hobby. I wanted to see if I could tie my graphic design skills with web design.
Please contribute to the BuckGet.com Indiegogo campaign https://www.indiegogo.com/projects/buckget-com--2/x/4847599
WeGame is a social network that allows gamers to meet, and socialize with others, as well as compete against them too.
Help unemployed help themselves by helping others. It's a simple idea that might change change the world!
Creating a website that is ebay, amazon and elance combined into one site. Working on hiring developers for website.
Developing a free webmail to include All-In-One Emails, Social media, File sharing, Calendar, Contact list, and To do list.
Hey Kickstarters,

i am trying to create a website that reviews EVERYTHING and ANYTHING rather then the simple things in life...
SkyLark.com provides memorable travel & entertainment experiences that you can book instantly & within budget.
A tool for classic car collectors & enthusiasts alike to find specific plates for their special project, also to sell, buy & trade...
Let's make internet history, together. I want to build a webpage which helps you guys successfully raise awareness for your projects!
Hopple is the free on-demand marketplace that helps you make extra cash or get help completing an odd job!
Imagine a social network that rewards you for using the site. streaming with friends and loved ones. Streaming live TV for Free too
We are your connections to all the parties. house parties, dorms parties, club parties ,pool parties etc.
Personalizing the college visit experience. Determine your fit with the school your way.
How do we know if a restaurant or store is good based on reviews? How do we know if a contractor is good? Reviews that aren't altered!
A new kind of news website, delivering high-quality content. With an unbiased regard on the actuality around the world.
Yakaba = Linkedin + Chatroulette. It is an online video chat platform for professionals we would like to extend to mobiles and tablets.
The easier website where you can start to make money with your talent!
A new agency putting profits into children's coding clubs, small business courses, free charity websites and job-seeker opportunities.
CubeVid is a website aimed at professional and personal development. Work appropriate content that is supervisor approved!
Genesis Sites will be a local web design company that I am trying to get off the ground. Learn more at -> goo.gl/BAvw8g
Create plugins for Intellij and Eclipse with syntax highlighting which helps to create Layout Specifications
A great way to boost your self-knowledge for better friendships and more success in life.
A new social media website that lets a person say honestly whatever they feel about anything. It's also about confessing and pledging.
“A video hosting platform to display student-created, university specific content and track interaction to developing better learning”
a website where you can buy and sell used items with free listing, you will only be charged upon the sale of your item at 2% only
Hey guys! hate math? well I love it, give it to me and I'll do it for ya :) well my website/software will do it :p
A website where students can type their notes and share notes with friends. Never loose notes or miss a lecture again.
Scout Hog is an easy to use platform that allows Scouts & Managers to connect with Sports Talents.
We connect you simultaneously and in real time with the communities around your home, destination and actual location .
Selling your product is very difficult nowadays. It costs a lot of money to make commercials and often it is not so fast.
This project is to build a website where the women from all over the world can interact together
A affordable ride share application. We want to cater to the riders and the drivers. Less fees and more profit for the drivers.
The most user-friendly, easy to understand, and affordable alternative to traditional bankruptcy filing. File online with ease.
Helping the nation spot and recover stolen vehicles, #SeeitShareit. 
What do you drive, or ride, can you afford not to get involved?
Sharing General Aviation Flights connects 50,000 Aircraft and over 250,000 capable Pilots with Millions of travelers in Australia & USA
The iVolo Platform is a social network which joins professionals seeking to expand their business o consumers looking for them.
Creating a site and mobile app to search local taxi cab, limos, and all car services allowing competitive prices for everyone!
To the weak, scared, small players, to those who live with no fear:  Move on. Here, you choose a gift without knowing what you buy.
To create a stunning eCommerce business offering a wide range of different products directly to customers.
The first creative talent web solution that brings together people from all over the world to collaborate & network to showcase talents
This is a website for athletes to leverage support and connections through a social network.
Our dream is to create a website dedicated to providing comprehensive training and diet routines from bodybuilding to marathon running!
Making a website and app that connects employer and employee 24/7/365 without an employment agency
Bau in love - L'amore per i cani per tutta la vita
Connecting students who are strapped for cash to individuals and small business for one off, casual or part time employment
--cheat·er noun: One who has been unfaithful in a relationship.
--cheat-ee noun: The victim of a cheater.
Online  bestellen van je vlees en charcuterie bij je favoriete slager.
Order your meat online from your favourite butcher shop.
The main objective of PetVoo is to create a consciousness of the tremendous importance and joy of pets in our lives as well as their ne
Ignitur is a combination of three very essential tool, data dashboard, task management, and reporting engine.
$5 Reward, you get 1 year of Dead Drop Service with Server Wipe.
We are creating a marketplace for the knowledge economy. Get paid for answering business questions, pay to get your questions answered.
I'm building a website that allows users to post fundraisers online and allows donors to to securely donate, buy tickets, or goods .
Let's be honest, who wants to be cheated ? You will see on our page the price of daily foods and drinks with the best/fair price.
Googles search engine, meets thingiverse's abitlity to share custom creations, meets uber, where creators get paid for their creations.
This will be a website that people can report texts that are bullying, harassing or sharing unwanted sexual advances by text
Creating a social/networking site for mma fighters sponsors and promoters to find each other and rate each other based on performance.
The UK's first online platform connecting employers with freelancing students from across the UK.
autonote.herokuapp.com || 
Summarize Text Automatically ||
Outline Text Automatically ||
Get your Homework and Studying Done Faster.
YourAccessibleHoliday.com New & exciting online platform to find accessible holiday properties around the world. It's time to explore!
The new way of social media
This is a subject-oriented website for the public to more freely, publicly & objectively speak out on everything in English & Chinese.
The Idea of this project is to help those who have not got a lot of experience gain the vital skills needed in order to progress.
My website will increase online commerce through a fun, innovative game-like design for buying, selling, and trading.
Youplagle is a new Entertaining & Interactive social network for people like you.
Find live local music events in the palm of your hand. Where local bands can find their fans and share the ultimate music experience.
We are in our final round of development for our ECommerce and Crowd Funding Platform. Support your cause and sell online with a video.
A Kickstarter Campaign.
Become a founder in developing a new web-based Television Broadcasting platform to air exclusive content to the world!
If you have ever heard of Hooters you will love this idea. We are combining that idea with online gaming & a Bar & Grill!! New concept!
We have developed TheJobJob to give everyone the opportunity to offer and look for small jobs thanks to the web.
This app will allow users to notify friends & followers from all social media platforms of you're most recent posts with one click
I have a website that shows a Linux desktop as a website. Now make it secure and put it on www.try-linux.com.
"Imagine if we could send all our letters securely without using paper or envelope's.." Imagine no more smart letters is nearly here.
We want to be able to provide FREE IT Support to everyone who wants it. ITSupportUK.com is a community based IT Support website.
Actual Unlimited Data
 150MB/s Faster than Cable
 No Throttling
 No Contracts
 No Credit Checks
A tool developed for fitness professionals to help them instruct workouts by displaying each exercise along with a timer.
Our goal is to become the worlds largest resource for 4WD adventures.
iINCRE.COM provides online video courses which enable users to learn different industrial skills, and explore the varieties of careers.
Here, We will be creating a Youtube Network, and you can be a part of it!
A website matching martial arts students with instructors and personal trainers while advertising those gyms and trainers.
We plan on building an extremely easy to use social network where we will connect people with good ideas to people with money and time.
K-Store is a new exciting platform for shoppers. You will be able to customize their deal's timeline and find them on a map.
your business online. Social network with others in business.
In a world where time is a precious resource, we want help software developers to learn everything they need in a few minutes a day
Global Education International aims to provide top quality education worldwide.
This website and mobile app would provide single plate form for all professional and non professional training conferences globally.
A web app that notifies you when a desired class has an open seat.
A site which allows its talented members to post 3 minute videos. Only one video is played at a time to increase exposure for users.
The Don't Press Send Campaign educates and provides practical communication advice in today's technological world.
i will try to get caravanowners and caravanrenters together.
A magical website where all your wishes can come true, simply add desired products to your profile for your friends and family to grant
This is a product that will help every parent to keep an eye their child's internet and allow safe browseing from home wifi network.
Finding and donating to charities has never been easier! Do it with no hassle and all the extra features of a social network — FREE!
Privacy First --- Note-Comments Model --- Different Note-Types --- Social Networking
I have built a dating service that I believe can compete with other top dating apps/websites.
United citizen's have more power than "Citizens United". Now WE CONTROL a per legislation based vote {Y/N} on the laws for us.
This project is focused on taking ACTION to reduce and reverse childhood and adult obesity through education and legislation.
The collective is a peer-to-peer market (website), where all products / services are bartered, traded or shared - no money is exchanged
All in one platform for boosting your crowdfunding footprint online globally.
nostraville.com lets employers post job openings for free. nostraville also allow employers to pre-interview or interview job seekers.
SportsBucketList.net provides content for stadiums, venues, experiences all over the US! We want you to share your experiences as well!
I plan on lowering carbon emissions from the air we breathe, while cooling the planet at the same time by planting tress and bamboo.
Where top technology meets online education, for a learning experience like no other!
The Psychic Society is a new, free social network for psychics. We are looking to purchase a chat system for better socializing!
Education and networking about cybernetics and technology.
A website assisting home sellers and buyers locate good qualified agents by helping them screen and ask the right questions upfront.
Would it be fun to trade stock and see how well you would do in the market without having to purchase the stock? Fantasy Stock Trading
Custom websites, custom graphics/logos, 24/7 support and adjustments w/no limits or extra fees, all at affordable prices! Much more!!!
New Petali Di Moda E-Shops are waiting for New Owners.
YOU can open next E-Shop!
BLOGGERS Welcome (fashion, beauty, lux, food...)
We're tired of senselessly being bombarded by every media agency about the Kardashian family news. It's time to take a stand.
Green Space Property was born out of necessity for the cannabis real estate market.
Game changing Technology Project in the domain of national & International politics to gain wider audience connectivity & reduce costs
Highly Accurate Prediction Service for Fantasy Sports Enthusiasts and Bettors. Service available for Football, Basketball and Golf
Suite3Sixty is a new marketplace that sells All Suites, All the Time, All Around the World! Everyone deserves a suite!
A platform, which builds relationships between the global students' communities providing a diverse, friendly and creative environment.
The Metaphysicien is a blog on Metaphysics, for general masses to understand the Universe in simple and easy form
Kursus.fr est un site de partage de documents entre étudiants. Un cours vous manque, retrouvez-le facilement avec Kursus.fr !
Our mission is to make life simpler for people living with food allergies, intolerances or specific dietary requirements.
A search engine helping companies improve their business by connecting them with investors and clients via semantic search and matching
Hey, This site is great.. Find all the clubs, societies, activities near you. Archery to Zen Meditation
"Our goal is to create an online social network assisting people to help conform with complex immigration laws".
The first web site where all comedians can get discovered doing there act live,using our web cam technology for the whole world to see!
This is the future for movies & its starting here!
For a small monthly fee, users have unlimited swaps of phone/tablet cases & accessories with each other without spending a ton of money
Find your next Travel Destination on Pionjr.com! On Pionjr, people should be able to rate their overall experience, not just the hotel.
Project Portal is an idea for a web site that uses matching software to connect Projects With Needs and Projects With Resources.
I am trying to raise money for my start up company, CollegeHitch. CollegeHitch is a social network for higher education.
Which financial professionals truly put U..The Client first? Could you find out right now? Is there an app for that?? Clientstreet.com!
Lit.Life is a new social network of images and the discussions of the images uploaded
Connecters.dk skal være Danmarks største online platform, hvor tjenesteydelser/kompetencer udveksles mellem private personer.
Affix Pro is a modern job platform with a revolutionary method of online recruitment.
Menu Drone is a website/mobile app dedicated to providing users with restaurant menu/menu pricing nationally.
Home party made possible by professional Disc Jockey
Something new that will allow the artist to retain 90% of their profits from their music sales and promote themselves.
ProSem Direct Is A Training Site That Teaches You How To Make Money Dealing In Closeouts & Liquidations!
Have you ever wanted to express your true feelings - on the dark side? Spew Venom will be your vehicle!
We will provide an easier way for retailers to find new products, supplies and services all in a simple and cost effective way.
Our system has free usage for both the individual users and the firms.For better service and more conscious users!
Right now, thousands of cyber-attacks are underway. Collectively we are the target. CFCSP will be a Cybercrime Incident Response Firm
We need help developing a new web based Televesion Broadcasting platform to air your content to the world! Join us at www.wastetv.net !
Giving America's small business owners the chance to expand their reach to keep their business alive!
“Merging the simplicity of online dating with the safety and values of Christian courtship”
A safe way for moms to find moms who can swap their time to watch each other's children for free. Not your typical baby sitter website.
University World is a website designed to post used textbooks, school events, scholarships, school jobs, and home/dorm furnishings.
eQuantified.com will be the choice for employees and employers to fill needed roles and to ensure the best fit possible.
Interactive platform for football talents from all over the globe.
President Elect Trump says that he wants to give the power back to the people and make the country great again.  How to Help him do it.
Visit Us Now at TreasureCircle.com
Collaborative authoring A Billion Words Around The World, that stretch around the world, and raise awareness/donations for Literacy.
I am trying to open up a unique domain named blog. I am trying to make the blog about stock market investing.
The ONE place that give breeders of aquatic fish the chance to advertise their stock and buyers to get exactly what they want.
An Awesome Reaction GIFS/Images Website, Categorized So That You Can Always Find That GIF Or Image You Were Looking For!
Your Bespeek private life journal talks to the people you select, at a time you choose.
Creazione di una piattaforma per il commercio del 100% Made in Italy in Italia e in tutto il mondo.
The Ultimate Social Network Tailored for College Students. 
Academics. Extracurricular. Social Life.
Spring Breakers is a start-up company that plans students dream Spring Breaks at an affordable cost.
FanClix's Proof-of-Concept Design, going beyond Social Media: Where Cliques Click To Turn Fans Into Celebrities & Celebrities Into Fans
Save Patient time and stress in urgent but not life threatening situation.
Want to buy www.hivandsingle.com and make the site free for all!
Le site permettra à la communauté de consulter librement un contenu varié (vidéos,builds,conseils) autour du jeu Mobile Legends.
Somos una red social.. o de citas? Con series de por medio....
Jaja somo algo fresco y divertido y somos más de 39.000 en la fase beta
Creating a website for sharing your stories with people around the world.
Help me help thai people to get work, sell and buy online. We want to make unemployment go down and economy go up for the rural areas.
SelfieSnapShare.com. Take a #Selfie #Snap it #Share it to be in with a chance of winning cash just by taking a selfie!
Basically it's Match.com , but for finding the perfect HomeTown for you and your family ,
A website where artist can make money and get known!
A great new blogging environment for artists, writers, journalists and casual bloggers.
We aim to connect GX instructors through resources, education, and discussion board communities.
What I have Created for GrandMothers,GrandFathers,Mothers,Fathers,Veterans,Pets and Famous Celebrities is a website that Remembers them
We are going to reinvent the way you shop online in a customer orientated way by designing an e-commerce marketplace suited to you
Personal finances shouldn't be a big mystery. MTP brings clarity to financial uncertainty and power to those who thought they had none.
11% of online shoppers value no sales tax as the #1 benefit. As more etailers charge tax, notaxus.com points to the tax free shopping!
Web Design and digital marketing courses for everyone
Highrisein is a social job site for job seekers that allows users to post a video to promote their qualities and skill to employers.
Mimetic.Systems is a system generating tool for all persons to generate the economic-legal systems above those of oppression.
We have developed a dating website that has a proprietary process for making matches based on friendship first.
Street Ratings is a web service which allows users to post reviews about streets they've lived on to help others choose their next home
2GETHERING.COM: You're awesome.  And not alone.  A global tapestry.  Share your story.  Tap the wisdom.
The project is simple we build a new social network that allow you to communicate and discover very easy new people.
Shopy is a platform where a store can rent unused stand which other people can use to sell their items.
I want to create a website that will give parents early insight into their child's kindergarten preparedness
Event cave is a online referral program for all your event needs with set prices making planning your next event easy & affordable
InterDigs is an independent international online real estate marketplace for affordable, low cost investment.
We are an interfaith based social network where people of the same Faith can meet and share their religious beliefs.
The only social site vapor users need to chat, inform, discover, and obtain support in the friendly vaping community.
CEO Girl gives women the tools and training to be successful in the workplace.
Playeur.co est la plateforme collaborative dédiée au sport. Louez votre matériel, vos infrastructures et votre coach personnalisé
Ship-It allows people traveling light to make contact with those who wish to send a parcel to their destination.
Education makes man free! Make training accessible to anyone, anywhere and on any subject.
$BidyourBest.com is a new way of trading online with the ability to connect with your friends and favorite vendors. Buy, Sell, & Trade.
An online website that allows for Personal trainers to stream sessions via webcam and microphone. Think Twitch.tv for personal training
"ruptsy" is an online platform that asks you questions and fills out your bankruptcy forms for you- inexpensive and easy to use!
I'm sick and tired of all the big name auction and selling sites screwing people over. I want user friendly, cheap, and time saving.
What do you want to achieve? Set your goals and achieve them by joining millions who have the same goals in life.
If you provide services for events or you want to plan your event, then I Moment is perfect for you.
"We want to make a difference, not only in our lives, but in everyone's lives. The current system is failing our students.
Das Vertragsportal der Zukunft spart Ihnen Zeit und Geld. Es verwaltet und prüft Ihre Vertäge und bietet dabei absolute Sicherheit
Need help hiking the Appalachian Trail? We are creating material that will eliminate all the "legwork" in your research.
VerfiedSitter.com will help build trust in the marketplace and reduce fraud for those seeking care services and those who provide care.
Explore the world of hashtags and mentions as we navigate the financial markets on TSMB.
Quick Personnel is a job portal that will continue to be free both for employees and employers. We bring opportunities to fulfill life.
Buy clothing online that you know will fit perfectly every time. Never try anything on again!
Front of the Beat is a website that helps market and connect professional music performers, teachers, organizations and businesses.
A revolutionary crowdfunding site using Blockchain technology to socially sell and buy any type of file, audio, picture, text, video.
TALKWORKCOMP.com is  the United States only free work comp social network built to connect injured workers with others who can help.
I'd love to make a Auction Side where people can sign in with facebook and create an auction on things they want to sell.
Training videos covering different vendors' certifications will be available for beginners as well as advanced IT professionals.
my project is already under development, basically is creating a social platform for college student to sell their books back to studen
We believe together we can revolutionize nightlife and that it's fun to get rewards by going out!
An internet website that supports individuals in the real estate industry
All-in-one Email Marketing, Social Media, and Content Curation Platform
The goal is to create a site that will allow college students to link together and find the hottest spring break locations.
The fastest way to make your great ideas come true. Developing websites and applications was never so quick and simple.
Alternative à #Google
I am creating an online personal trainer that allows unlimited amount of questions to my hired personal trainers for only $9.99 a month
La Startup qui démocratise L’ÉCONOMIE COLLABORATIVE
Application de rencontre « à la carte » - Partager sa passion, rencontrer l’âme sœur. Forfaits "Tout inclus" - A partir de '24h' 0,99€.
We are building the Tools & Training Platform to Help the Next Generation be More Successful. 
   One Piggybank at a Time!
StudentList will connect students from campus to campus and provide an easy opportunity to buy and sell textbooks from one another.
Site/App that allows friends to donate any amount of money($1-$$$$) toward friend's "WISH LIST".
I Want To Create A Website That Helps Young Inventors Of Today Broadcast Their Talents & Help Get The Reconigition They Deserve
Help me raise funds so that I can be able to give passionate young poets a chance to earn money weekly for their writing & spoken word.
A community-driven online system which promotes self-governance.  Level up by adding content; civic agendas and private associations.
HackersArchive.com will help rid the web of viruses and scams found everywhere else you look!
Script Call takes your presentation from the wall to your audience; from your device to theirs.
SAVE UP TO 40% WHEN YOU SPEND!

PRE-ORDER YOUR LINK CARD TODAY
Employ College is a movement for companies to hire college graduates from their respected institutions.
Waitresses.com is an online community devoted to servers around the world. Learn. Connect. Work. Travel. Share.

Make a pledge today!
Offrire un "TRAGO", ossia un passaggio con autista che ti segue e ti aspetta mentre concludi i tuoi affari, quando non puoi guidare
Services closer than you think...
Learn the skills needed to be a successful web engineer. Create your own complex web applications, deploy servers, use data and more.
Kid's Connect is a brand new social media website that is built specifically for kids to connect with other kids sick just like them.
Together, we can build a FREE, business start-up system that will help aspiring entrepreneurs change their economic circumstances.
One Day Your Life May Just Depend on Staying Anonymous Online.  Or You Just May Not Want Google, Amazon Or The NSA Knowing Your Details
Creating a fitness site that will change the fitness game forever!
MyBestInterest.org elminates election research by quickly identifying the candidates that will best represent your interests.
We present digitaibook,com site which can become a free electronic library with your help,
Rolodex is a web application that strives to nurture business to business relationships by connecting users via email.
This is a project to create a crowd-funding site for Urantia Book readers worldwide.
We send care packages to incarcerated individuals throughout the country that include specific items hand picked by the sender.
www.123swot.com SWOT Analysis drag-and-drop website; Pinpoint your project's insightful aspects with no effort...
ShareMyBest - a website that you can post your knowledge and experience online so that the world can benefit from it and be your friend
Let's create a Kickstarter for Movements, where if enough people come together in time, we all act:

playground-elections.herokuapp.com
Because you don’t have all the answers. And everyone, at any stage of their careers, can benefit from a sounding board.
Imagine a smart social network that learns the types of posts YOU like to read and builds a news feed to YOUR interests. Welcome to Up.
Having a bad day? Go to the Let it Out website. Post to a wall anonymously. Sometimes you just need to get it out there.
Merger Mart is a comprehensive website that provides free advice to Business Owners looking to sell their business
Its an open source interactive history of the world map. The dates can be changed to see what the world looked like at different times
We all have Family, when they pass we have pictures.Put your family on Video Family Tree and let generations see and hear them Forever.
Creating well needed jobs for everyone
Rentapart has developed a new concept that will make it easier to search apartment online
List and search for vehicles for just $1.00!

We need money to get the site finished, marketed and the mobile app up and going!
An interactive education tool that enables students of biology to have easy access to information about amino acids.
Setting up a business can feel like an overwhelming challenge, that's why we're creating an online network to help out entrepreneurs.
Best Book Friend will be a community for people who love books—where they can share, communicate and connect!
Is your future clouded by uncertainty? Let us make things simpler. Take a more realistic approach to your future, take a Start in Life.
The Overture Project will develop a database to serve members of the Lutheran Church - Missouri Synod for their upcoming Conventions.
A web series designed to assist people on the path of entrepreneurship.  New or seasoned I want to hear from you!!!
A huge redesign in web browsing to make a safe, secure and modern way to browse the web.
This project is to create a site for Clash of Clan users to share/buy/sell villages as well as discuss game strategies and topics.
Board-em is the new customize-able social media. Imagine Pintrest design, Facebook user integration, Myspace customization using Django
MedCore.org - World Healthcare and Medical Yellow Pages
Permettre à chacun de partager ses connaissances et d'apprendre de nouvelles choses de ses voisins
We are building the largest database of authentic quoted celebrity opinions which you can discover, share, and shop.
IF YOU DON'T HAVE A JOB GET ON THE LIST WITH LABORCIRCLE.COM PEOPLE WILL BE ABLE TO SEE WHO YOU ARE AND SEE YOUR SKILLS AND HIRE YOU
Need a website for your wedding, I can do all the hardwork for you.
This Project will make a new kind of fundraising site. This site will have multiple options to help people meet their fundraising goal.
WeAreSocial est un site web social mondial.
Il est gratuit pour tous et tout âge.
Partagez vos souvenirs photos , musiques et vidéos !
True Social Media Freedom!
For adults 18+ looking for an uncensored way to connect and engage.

(Web app, iOS/Android mobile)
Make small scientific groups matter.
Goletrax will help writers around the globe publish and sell their books for free for those who don’t have any money to publish.
Social Media Website that helps people post about bad services with corporations. post feedback live calls feeds, etc give pwr bk to us
Unique 'Thinking like a Pro' led careers information website to help 14-24 demographic to make decisions on careers without confusion.
Creating a powerful program to offer support for struggling marriages; Don't Give Up, Know Your Own Light and Shine it on your marriage
I am an independent business looking to give people great deals on there unwanted jewelry. With help from you I can make it happen.
UTCCH promotes long-term positive thinking through its contract premise. We provide supported accountability to improve mental health.
The Rand Paul Digital Project is a true grassroots initiative. Not authorized by any candidate or candidate's committee.
Get or book the gig you need and connect with other Artists and Gig providers anytime anywhere. Post a profile with your  talent
I want to make a website for those who need something in their lives. A place where the weird, lonely, and lovely can connect.
A unique one of a kind website that combines the best elements of social media and sports entertainment!
Compare memberships of gym locations near your house. What is the price, facilities? Choose your preferences and subscribe directly!
Find Me Ink is the tattoo search engine connecting tattoo enthusiasts with the artists. Find Me Ink aims to be the one-stop, site.
#Parks #Events #Universities rosters #Government meetings #social events
New Digital Platform For Artist Collectives, And The Future Of Creative Collaboration, Artist Development, Social Interaction, And Fun!
if you have not seen this yet you must see it to believe it, “Friend Funding” is taking the crowdfunding economy to a whole new level!
Curbber.com is free to post your curb items & find other curbed items around you. No signup, easy to use, free, safe and fun!
Trenddare is a new way to become a webstar, and help other people at the same time
Free crowd funding site that relies on advertising fees rather than fees from donations like Kickstarter
Buying things for yourself can be difficult, especially when those things are online.  That’s why we invented Shmorgle.
We are developing a website to redesign television and bring it to all users who want to listen or share.
TIRED of redundant social networks!!! Its time for an entirely new way to post, track, and watch videos, news, tv, and anything else.
We are providing an online platform for singles seeking friends and more using the best possible software available to us.
Corolla Radio LLC Internet Online radio station into own FM Radio Station East Coast, United States.
Le site a pour objectif de rendre hommage a sont compagnon de vie sous une forme numérique .
University linked website for university students worldwide to share online study resources and have course specific discussions.
Relationship advice with a twist. Video forums & news segment, live podcast, blogs, site translated in different languages plus more.
Technical420’s main goals are educating subscribers on the risks and rewards of investing in publicly traded cannabis companies.
Kindr will be a website and app that connects parents with similar interests and kids of the same age.
aixzellent - more Internet Security with DNSSEC and DANE
An international subscription based recruitment website for the hospitality industry.
And the advertising revolution begins..
Vacation Home Review Website where vacationers can review a rental home & homeowners can share those reviews with prospective renters.
I want to develop a better way for people to meet. A free dating website that links people together simple and easy.
We will help people understand the information encoded by their sequenced genomes.
As the farther of a disabled child myself, i know how hard it is to find places that offer free or reduced admission for carers
Get to know a new car price from your neighbors
Help small businesses with limited budgets increase sales and brand awareness. Give more entrepreneurs a chance to succeed!
A one stop website for people wanting to quit smoking and learn about a safer alternative.
Life Hacks Learning Centre

An Educational Revolution 

The Future Is Now, Teaching You The Things You Would Never Know.
To bring about the revolution of reviews for gyms, fitness gear, supplements, protein and personal trainers all in just one site.
So you are moving to another country for soe reason? You could spend all day googling or you can visit wearemovingto.com, its up to you
ROOT2020.com is a strategic, socially networked life management network for sharing resources and completing success-driven goals.
Money For Talent is a website for users to upload videos of their talent. Upload a video and win money based on votes.
LuvQuest.com is the social network where local singles interact with one another.
With Last Will you can send messages/letters/passwords/todo lists to your friends and parents after you are dead. Why not?!
Online directory exclusive for Korean restaurants. A combination of services such as Yelp and Groupon just for Korean food.
Encrypted National register of your belongings that Police and other law depts can use to identify your products if they are stolen'
Highly interactive platform, through which all the renewable energy communities and individuals share, create, exchange information
I have all the ideas to make this website the new next thing
Website to help reduce educational debt and reclaim financial freedom and promote some awesome local artwork
Keine Lust mehr auf Premium-Accounts oder lange Wartezeiten und miserable Downloadraten? Dann probiere jetzt Birdload aus!
I like to make a social media website for gamers. Keep it UN-cluttered and where the members have the choice of their profile setting.
Many teachers are evaluated on artifacts in a portfolio. My product offers teachers an alternative to the 3-ring binder. Want to help?
A website designed, to simplify the process of connecting shippers to drivers, for Truckload and Limited Truckload shipments.
Create a website that would allow lawyers to search a database with free user entered incidents.Reducing time wasted for all parties
Weedchimp.com strives to provide an unbiased, reliable, and easy to use resource for consumers to shop for marijuana.
Whether you are a pro or just need websites for your small business, our licensed software is right for you.
We are building the best social media business only website where you can find or provide a service to the world as your own boss.
search engine new
An Online Class for complete Facebook Advertisement + tricks to get cheap likes!
This Online Etsy Bulk Editor tool will be used by Etsy.com users to bulk edit their listings with ease.
Disrupting the Global Travel Industry
Revolutionizing the Auto Transport Industry..Shippers Market will provide Direct Access to Auto Carriers with NO MIDDLE-MAN.
A catalyst for change!  Finally, an environmental hub allowing users to answer the climate change question "What can "I" do?"
Pflegebook: Wenn man Betreuung braucht findet man auf dieser Seite die Anbieter. Umbauten, Pflege, viele Dienstleistungen drum herum.
Practicity is the first online website in which you can practice your sport with other athletes online. Practice. Play. Perform.
You can Research a Draft site on FaceBook by typing "Innovation NOW" in FB Search area.
My goal is to get Several Web pages operational
Imagine a search engine that knows results that you want! The next generation of search engine is waiting for you and the world.
Infinity Stat Athletics Network provides data and information leading to the growth and development of athletes through statistics.
Welcome to the future, streamlined, slipstreamed, FluXPanel
A Website that posts daily Topical On-Camera Man-On-Street & Expert's Interviews for Broadcast, Cable & On-line News Producers to use.
that allows businesses in the hospitality industry to quickly
find a candidate for a role without the hassle of an agency
FatCat Market, the online vendor marketplace created by a seller for sellers.
Quick, let's get the planet to 100% sustainability! Seriously, though. Humans are crazy.
100% remote 15 member team with specialized skills in project management, web writing, communications, web development and design.
This platform will be devoted to the lives of all college students by allowing them to purchase books from each other instead of amazon
Let's create the Earth language! It will happen eventually. Be part of it. An efficient way of communicating with anyone on the planet.
Find and create photoshoots. Connect, Collaborate and Create with individuals in the fashion & design industry.
One place to Learn,Teach and share job skills
In 10 workshops seniors become familiar with the computer and every effort will be made to remove their fear and ignorance.
Professional web design has 50% of the cost of the current work.
vendez,louez ou achetez un bien immobilier avec 0% de commission.Site d'annonces et services immobiliers entre particuliers
We all use google every day. We could do so much good in time. With the "do something good" search engine you could do both at once.
Buy it, sell it, rent it, list it, trade it, fix it... You offer it or find it all here. Freddy's List is your one stop resource...
While we get caught up on our Social Project Animals also need a Place to Socialize with Family and Friends. They need to Connect.
This project is to create a site for Clash of Clan users to share/buy/sell villages as well as discuss game strategies and topics.
We have started working on tailored programs for 5th-12th grades, and Parents on the benefits and costs of Social Networking.
ChatterBox is a browser extension / addon that allows you to comment what you want, where you want anywhere on the web.
KOE, redefining internet history
The best Social Network Ever!
We're developing an app and website so your able to have articles read to you. Great for the blind, driving, beach, gym and more!
The Absolutely Finest Beatles Website On The Entire Planet
A website devoted to new gen video games where members and users can vote and have their say on ratings and reviews.
We are creating a one stop communications comparison shopping portal, for customers to see the best promotions, ratings and reviews.
We are a Social Network site that is dedicated to all forms gaming.
Be a part of the on line artificial intelligence revolution.
Scanned scale size auto,boat, and  ATV gaskets so they can be made by you at home for same-day use.
Solving the problem of money in politics and connecting us to candidates, officials, and organizations in our community.
I have 550 websites of questions. I want it these websites to be a specific subset of the Universe of Google. I call it Galaxy UKN.
I would like to Create a Classified Ad website for the entire united states, Our page will be safe and secure Ad's with 24hrs monitorin
Dumpster is a place where can share your videos without restrictions . As long it's legal, it won't get taken down.
We want to create a platform on which producers can work together or alone to produce new music.
Produce, share, sell on one platform.
Online booking system for all kennels and catteries across the UK with location based services.
Get Things Done Right After Work
New project i'm working on for teens in high school that gives them a skill to make money and a better career choice!!!
This will be a global website where a simple click to vote on legislation and specific parts will count as signing a petition.
Time is possibly the most valuable commodity known to man. How will you use your time? Will you make the most of it?
Simple way to group and share your links
If you've been looking for a new way to reconnect with the past or maybe just take a step back in time and be a part of history that...
An virtual marketplace implementing new model to empower online sellers
We are developing a multimedia website that allows people to experience the lives of others through their eyes.
I want to host a website forum where people can post funny home videos, pictures and/or stories based on cats.
The £1 challenge, the aim is to make as much money within 365 days of starting this adventure.No handouts allowed, we welcome bartering
We will be creating a website to allow searches for the best NBN and phone plans for each of the 4 speeds on offer.
The World's first Interactive Listing Service where each posting works tirelessly to find its Buyer Match.
PACOO è un portale di local shopping che permette alle persone di cercare un prodotto, più vicino possibile e al miglior prezzo.
A children's safe website to support school learning with lessons, projects, and activities that encourage expanding knowledge.
A website that serves as a foundation for people of color to build together, bounce ideas, support each other's businesses, and educate
The Online Music Busker - Free legal music download platform where you decide how much to donate to the musician or artist.
A social media app/vertical site where likeminded people pair up to turn dreams—from a DIY remodel to finishing a novel—into reality!
The RO site will allow people to connect, organize, and run raids on console MMO's. Created for mature gamers with limited play time.
To replace failed weather station hardware in order to reinstate the current weather tweets formerly published by @norfolknerdwthr
A social commerce online platform that discovers the most exclusive, cutting edge independent brands on todays market.
nan
Free online basic course for adults with Attention disorders to master organization skills for improving their quality of life
FBA® long-term storage charges are due Feb & Aug 15 each year. This software lets you make cost-effective removal decisions with ease.
Kidstar radio has engaged and empowered kids for 27 years. It's time to take this empowerment internationally and in a unique way.
The platform of the PublicStep.com is a worldwide online market of ideas and intellectual products.
Buying and selling information can now be done on any smartphone, tablet or computer.  Make money or learn about a city on the go!
An account driven social networking site that is an experiment in a socialist democracy scheme where resources are shared equal by all.
Nuzol.com will adopt the peer-to-peer model and apply it on MENA market.
Ever used Twitter? Ever searched a hash tag to see what people are tweeting? Well now you can search a hash tag and chat!
We empower kids to keep their friends safe online, through our 100% safe global playground. Innovative edtech with proven impact
A platform that can transform websites into mobile apps. Join us in launching a revolutionary product!
52 weeks, 52 Tweeters: Sharing a different Cheltenham voice each week for a year. Year 1 was fab - we want to make Year 2 even better!
Favorfloat is a place where friends, families, & lovers come to find some sense of security before providing money help to each other.
We create values! And by that we don´t mean money, but true values!
Affordable, accessible online veterinary behavioural consultations and resources for pet owners to reduce pet surrender and euthanasia
Online Marketplace for downloadable products as well as physical products.
We're a free, non-profit social network for young LGBTQ people which gives them an online safe haven where they can make new friends.
I am trying to get a business off the ground which will innovate the way baby gift registries and showers work.
Our goal is to create a system, students can find universities that best match their interests.
Uivo lets police and fire department personnel quickly contact you in the event of an emergency involving your property.
We help companies to explain what they do in simple, grandma-would-understand terms.
Network used for building technology development teams.
With no central location for keto knowledge, keto advice will be a community run knowledge base.
It will enable deprived children to make artistic work for selling online/illustrating their work in our exhibitions around the world.
Development of a Safe and Educational Social Media site for kids.
Bad Service is a private, invitation only place just for folks in the service and hospitality industry.
Alectic is a database system which creates active digital footprints to track products in order to combat fraud.
THE ultimate web platform where artists around the world can easily manage their career, set and reach their goals.
Trade your unwanted games with other people for virtual currency called Star's. Use you’re Star's to trade for a new games or prizes!
Calculate the Lowest Fuel Costs and Carbon Emissions for Aircraft, Autos, Trucks and Luxury Boats!
Creating an on-line marketplace for local businesses, artisans, craftsmen and more to promote and sell their 'Made in the UK' products.
Just Buddies is a new friendship only website created for like-minded people to share hobbies and interests.
findmesuppliers.com is a revolutionary supplier comparison platform for construction professionals.
Choose your date and location with Date Spot.
Trouver facilement et rapidement les lieux intéressants proches de vous devient facile avec je-decouvre.fr
A brilliant alternative to KICKSTARTER.  Search for local new/growing business to invest in. Search for investors or business partners.
Let's rebuild the community spirit that has always made humankind truly amazing!
Rescue Tracker is an online record keeping platform for animal rescues creating to keep track of foster animals & adoption records.
Scholarships!
Internships! 
Jobs!
College Shopping!
All in one network!
This website have for goal to collect and keep all ideas from any king of people and share it all with everybody for free.
The future of education is here. Be a part of changing the face of education on a global level.
An online high school student-athlete experience that builds students for massive success personally, academically, and athletically.
Online articles written by top scientists, analyzing new technological claims and unusual products. Back projects with confidence!
Adrone is a website which allows you to enter an incredible world of drones and connect with thousands of like-minded people!
Tired of having your inbox cluttered?  I am.  I am creating Masker to hide your email address by creating 'masks' that are easy to use.
Normally everyone wants something in return for his Money. But what if, you are not the only one who has something from it?
I currently live in one of the poorest school districts in Texas: Newton ISD. I would like to increase technological use by students.
Save years of traditional language learning for free and make your language skills operational for business or international experience
Can you afford to have your website, app, or api down? Sitenel.com is a realtime monitoring service built for humans.
A website dedicated to providing resources and tools for gamers to increase efficiency for their gaming experience
Website that offers a place for people to come together and watch, discuss or interact while watching a variety of televised events.
I am a web developer who specialises in PHP, Javascript, JQuery, MySQL and CSS
"Gather multiple online auto body estimates at the click of a mouse or the swipe of your phone"
This is going to make it easier to eat healthy and live a healthy life.
Our aim is to provide personalized online payroll advice to small/medium businesses at an affordable price within a 24hr timeframe.
MySpotOnTheWorld is a revolutionary new internet experience that combines an all new social networking platform and connection.
A private slack community of cartographers, mappers and GIS Professionals just like you
Come and hang out on Lag! Show your moments whether you're by yourself, or meeting new people. It's your time to have real fun!
myLife Coach is an innovative personal development and life coaching platform that will help you create the life you really want.
Throwing an impromptu party & need some whiskey for the bar or learning the difference between Scotch & Bourbon whiskey goto ReddyBar
We're creating the first National Network, searchable database & app, of GMO Free farms & restaurants. Linking business to business.
Website and mobile apps that allow bird-watchers to share their sightings, track their statistics and engage others to ID sighted birds
Support the development of 'The Planet Registers' website by getting your own 2016 Astronomy Calendar.
Allgood Cuts is a social media platform specific to the hair industry and a powerful search engine that helps you find hairstylists.
An industry worth $61bn. A Comparison Website for Supplements. This enables you to compare prices and Nutritional information.
Sideliners is a social website for finding or filling season long fantasy sport leagues. Also a third party to league entry fee manager
Faith based website + iPhone/android app for daily devotionals, bible memorization, and national/international news and prayer requests
We created STD-Verify to allow people to interact socially, and selectively share his or her STD status in a verifiable manner.
PetPal Volunteer Manager is a low cost, complete management system for animal rescues and shelters.
With your help addicts will be able to get the support they need to get clean. Sponsorfinder is a site that connects sponsors & addicts
The World's first TV Channel dedicated to put genuine web-based videos on the air to a large audience through TV Networks.
Software to save your pets genome sequence or find a mate for your dog or cat. Search an internet database, with this start-up project
The BuddyList Social Network is a anonymous alternative to facebook that doesn't sell your personal data to any one.
MemoryGift is an intelligent & private online family media organizer.  Easily pass your family history to future generations.
Allow students to explore, learn, gather and
share web resources with everyone in the class.
Act now for the future of our Planet ! This website will be worldwide and totally free of use !
The informative Social Network.
This first personal trainer-supported speed reading online course will improve your performance for business, study and researches.
We connect you with a Life Coach to listen to you anywhere, anytime.
Life Coaches for your Lifestyle at your convenience
Carpooling website for the South Caucasus, where such a service doesn't exist yet. The idea is to help the locale people financially.
An internet website that supports individuals and small business in the real estate industry
Retired US Army veteran Cindy Henderson has launched an interactive dating site
Devoted to delivering user-friendly, actionable data about our government to the public in the most relevant and engaging way possible.
The mission: Reliable, Safe, Secure, Low-Cost, On-demand cleaning services via web or mobile app in any neighborhood around the world.
Respire is the loyal real-time space to say thoughts, wisdom out in mind to reach and encourage one another wherever we are.
WorkyApp.com The fastest way to make money for experienced professionals
I am a business and web developer with recruiting and project management experience and I would like to find professionals great jobs.
FHMatch, a social media platform to connect fitness, health and wellness professionals with consumers in their area - chat/book/rate.
With a form of studied scientifically questions we detect what you good at and make suggestion where you can achieve most in your life.
Gymyli's LOC helps you protect your privacy with your own secure personal cloud.
Hi guys, 
Aren't you tired of existing social platforms(like fb or instagram)? Don't you look for new way of social interaction?
We turn the world's greatest amateurs  into Professional Superstars!
fearch is a Cool Social Search Platform Combining Standard Web Results With Social Results. We are the Future of Search at: fearch.com
A community of keto dieters! Create and find recipes, track and share your weight loss progress with the community!
Take it one day a time. A positive website to help and guide you through 2015! Check this website every day!
Die Schweiz hat derzeit nur ein grosses Auktionsportal. Daher möchten wir mit unserem Projekt auch eine andere Plattform anbieten.
A search platform where jobseekers complete just *one* application but can see instantly how well they qualify for *many* employers.
Create a website where we centralize all cable companies in one spot, where price do not raise, so people doesn't need to switch.
Forget all the others, this new social network will be something completely different and a actual tool to better peoples daily lifes.
Giving YOU the power to influence bills before they become laws
The most comprehensive platform ever developed for cricket   
   "any player or coach ,age, skill  or demographic , 24/7/365"
Imagine a world where you can swap a video game you're tired of playing for a video game you actually want to play for just $1.50!
An Online Web Platform that allows us ALL to List, Leave & Provide Specific details & info Regarding Our Personal Funeral Arrangements
An online global community of people that want to share their unique insights about the amazing cities they live in or have visited.
Do you want to buy something and are you searching for an advice? Maybe by someone who already tried that product? First Read then Buy!
Social Media Platform. Way to interact the sporting community. Follow other clubs,members,post images/videos. Self-manage your success.
A haven for studio producers, screenwriters, game designers,  animators, voice artists, and composers.
The first platform where you can find true Italian product directly from producer.
The largest online platform to rent sports equipment from local people worldwide. Get paid to share yours. Available in 116 countries.
We are here to show the world how a social network is done. In the Social, Entertainment and Education
The ultimate in managed WordPress combining super fast hosting, business class email and epic support!
" The G Is What You Make It "
A site where you can help out people near you, by renting out your stuff or renting things from them. It's simple. Share and earn money
Website dedicated to rating companies in Spanish and English.
Ein Webstore für Trends und eine Plattform um neuen Kickstarterprojekten in Deutschland zu unterstützen.
Starting a Children's Party Hub site for Vendors where clients have one Stop Shopping for their children's party. DJs FacePainters +++
R.I.P. Expressions is the only online memorial website to make quality custom obituaries for families during the loss of a loved one.
I would like to start a website to help people connect with others who need Christmas help. I want to make the site user friendly.
I'm creating a website that will give voice to anyone that wants to run for governor in their state. Need $50 in 5 days to complete it.
"OUR EYES ARE THE WINDOWS TO OUR SOUL"
(SNUFA) 
NOW OPERATIONAL 
Help us improve our network

Building a social network for individuals  with special needs and disabilities.
Feeling lazy? Get someone else to do it! This private ad site will keep you on that couch or put cash in your pocket.
Think LendingTree.com on steroids. More Real Estate resources and better functionality. A proven business model. Come donate $1 or more
Once in a life time trip across the United States on Route 66 culminating with a new trip posting website.
I am about to create global websites toplist, where every site in the world will be registered, to get more visitors.
Pressdiv.com is a central networking platform for WordPress developers worldwide; built to the highest standard with advance features.
Hold My Drink ! est un projet d'application mobile de réservation de table et de consommations.
Revolutionary web application that connects homeowners and building violation professionals to resolve building violations.
An online Productivity Partner to help you stay focused, overcome procrastination and get important goals and projects finished!
Nous développons un annuaire qui répertorie les artisans dépourvus de moyens de pub en leur donnant une chance de se faire connaître
This site will be all the things that parents of twins/multiples can expect and are experiencing. We'll provide products too! :-)
An app for iOS and Android that will allow you to create and maintain your own website from the palm of your hand.
Donate to Breanna's project she was kidnapped from a childcare center/killed: website, software, PSA, watch the video to see her story
A One Stop Website with picture libraries, ability to auto post to social platforms, customise text message and your logo superimposed.
This Application will manage Rental Properties.   End-User will be able to show property, make appointments and take applications,
Stop creating accounts, filling in account information forms and having numerous usernames and passwords. Especially at webshops!
People love watching movies. And people love sharing. Kiioni lets you share your movies with your friends - Online. Legal. Free.
Join the DumbnituP Revolution! You will be Dumb-a-fied!!! Help Create the worlds largest online Club in only 60 Days!
Mexicanosomos.com is designed to help Mexican business grow by promoting their products and services to their local communities.
The time has come to have a better video community.  We should protect fair use for everyone while having a video community that works.
A verifiable, secrete and anonymous voter receipt for electronic voting system.
A new website that allows everyday people to showcase their musical talent.. A website where anyone can be a star.
I am going to create and monitor a website devoted to complaints of fraud against senior citizens, complaints of potential Ponzi scheme
EssayX is an online portal connecting present and past students to enable collaboration and trading of tertiary assignments.
Oil-Swap.com is the largest Worldwide free Classified Ad Directory designed for the Oil and Gas Industry.
a web-site designed to allow friends and family to collect funds from multiple (sources, people) and get their loved ones out of jail
Vertigo strives to provide Persons With Disabilities help in starting a business by offering them 50% off all webdesign services.
There is a place in the World that tells your story. Ask a professional to realize Your Vision
A site for students to build a profile of themselves beyond test scores and grades.  A way to connect with colleges more personally.
A social media site for travlers around the world to interact and broadcast their moments.
Five Dollar Fitness is an email and text message based workout service that sends you daily workouts, diet tips, and supplement coupons
Create your own WishBubble where your gift is chosen by you!
Whosastar.com is a social network that gives you the power to share your talents to your fans and the world!
We're the premiere online website where beauty professionals & clients seeking beauty services are "Matched & Connected." FALL LAUNCH!!
The secured web portal RFQDESK.com is designed to promote global cooperation...We are looking for funding to complete the site.
Eye To Eye is an extremely powerful tool aimed at restoring and uplifting current communication methods used by Earth's Resident's.
A social platform where anyone can find anything about traveling for free like projects, camps,youth exchanges,etc.
Finally a way to find local deals and sales without the need to know what your looking for. Find the best local deals of the day.
Pyramid One Radio Network started 4 Years ago a station to talk about World Awareness, Spirituality, that has grown to 131 Countries.
Since 2002, ScoreCrazy.com has been providing "absolutely free" online league management solutions, But now, we need your help.
Work from home, Sell or auction your microjobs at any price and get paid directly into your Pay Pal account, NO WAIT.
A dating website with no catches or restrictions while being packed full of features! We want it to be the best website for dating!
A new way to keep yourself up-to-date with changing times backed by trust, honesty, & expertise.
This project is a web site offering free drink recipes to the public. These include alcoholic, non-alcoholic and food juices.
World wide service to suit you! Not just another online personal trainer, I make it personal....
Buying Bitcoins is tricky since every vendor charges another price. This tool compares all buy prices and lists the cheapest ones.
A cloud based scheduling platform that allows patients to search and select a healthcare provider of their choice anytime/ anywhere
I am working on a web based project that will allow Immigrants to easily go to a website and apply for citizenship.
Building a website to help push the brand of Internet sensation Richie Biness . A place to purchase original clothing and great music
Thousands of pets abandoned are homeless or in shelter. We want to improve the lives of these animals
Eatsleeptrainrepeat - online store for training clothes, gym shakers and accessories. All products with motivational prints.
A auto collision website that gives users the ability to request repair estimates via internet by simple picture and form submission.
ONE PLACE FOR ALL YOUR FAVORITE STORES
The Artist Post is a new social media site for artists of all genres. You will be able to create a free profile to share with the world
This is a beginners course that will include all you need to start developing websites of your own using the current web languages.
Rent & Rent out your personal skii's and equipment on an 'online' platform
Job-Ads with button - press it and you get a 100-%-chance for a personal application: skype, phone or real: LIVE
With Go Notes you can post your own notes at a low price or you can buy notes to optimize your studying time. All on the GO!!
We want to create a website dedicated to being a database for gifs of every wrestling move there is.
Heat Dating is going to be the newest big dating site to hit the web!
No monthly fees, No annoyingly-long questionnaires. LoveMousse is a free dating site for everyone who is looking for someone abroad.
I am in a catch 22... My project needs users to get funding; but I need funding to get users. Please help me tear the brick wall down.
Snapblise c'est un site ou vous pouvez déposer vos petite annonce rapidement  en un clic sur tout les site d'annonce en meme temps
Sale or lease by yourself
DIY realestae
Created a Social media website that allows users to win arguments over the internet!  Need funding to transition the site to an app.
A revolutionary twist on average photography that will greatly benefit the photographic masses.  Shoot it and they will come...
A platform for students to share and obtain all school related information. If one student has it, all students should have it.
Our website is designed for collaboration of legal, tax and financial advice delivery
We are launching a company that will allow handymen to find work at a much cheaper price than it usually costs.
....They will ONLY know YOU, because THEY want to. YOU will ONLY know them because YOU want to.
A website geared toward the success of those with a criminal record.
Free alternative for people that want to buy/sell rent/rent out they're houses
Shop. Serve. Share. Paid in-Kindness is a centralized marketplace that combines shopping with community service.
The entertainment industry's first virtual auditioning and competition platform.
A social video media website that allows you to vote! vote on what? Vote about every and anything that has to do with sports.
Plateforme de crowdsourcing dédiée aux étudiants, aux personnes compétentes et aux investisseurs pour stimuler l’entrepreunariat
Website that'll Discuss, Explain, & Provide resources that will serve the public related to Future Healthcare Decisions and Wishes.
A new FREE dating website that has the matching ability to let you find who you want to find.
An internet website that supports individuals and small business in the real estate industry
To make the world a better place
CREATION OF INTERACTIVE WEBSITE FOR FRIENDS AND FAMILY OF ELDERLY TO INTERACT WITH DAILY TO HELP THEM COPE WITH DIMINISHED MEMORY
MyConnect is a social media and business networking website and app that connects users with businesses and job opportunities.
Virtual Attendant's cloud services provide a variety of options such as Local and Toll Free numbers, IVR, SMS, Soft Phones,& Voicemail.
GamerGlide is a easy to use marketplace where you are able to buy and sell all things gaming related! Help me achieve my dreams!
An open source Project management tool for creating lists and todos in real-time.
A website that could determine the future of many girls interested in STEM.
Gifs everywhere, ohhh look another gif. We want to make a giant gif canvas for everyone to take part in painting.
Finding reviews of specific topics and products is a nightmare, come to a single website to rate anything in the world.
www.myidealbox.com it is a place to store your ideas
Your project failed in kickstarter ? Store your project in our database !
I want to create a healthy living website that acts like a detailed, interactive business directory for food and fitness!
My website cyberremarks.com allows users to comment and make notes on any website they are viewing.
It's funny, profitable, and brings the fitness community together Epicgymfail.com! #1 source for funny gym gear and Fails!
Why do people suffering with depression have to pay to speak with a counselor? You shouldn't charge to save lives.
Sammle was dir wichtig ist. Bewerte was du sammelst oder lasse es bewerten. Teile es mit Freunden oder der ganzen Welt. Entdecke Neues.
Parodies for the Future is a small business ran by kids trying to make parodies on YouTube and also to learn about running bussinesses
The Pair platform is a peer to peer random video chat website that allows users to chat randomly or via certain search criteria.
Today's Business Connections for Tomorrow's Business Network.
To get a website together that will highlight local and nationwide businesses that hire without having to pass a drug test
Hotel booking app that will let you search globally for Green Hotels.  My app will display all hotels and filter for Green Hotels.
A website to support the ex-service men and women that world that make our planet safe and a gateway to civilian life, not charity.
Eliminate middleman inflation on things we ALL buy. Connect manufacturers directly to customers,so they make more/we save!!
We need help from kiwis around New Zealand to support 4tradeit, a 100% kiwi auction and classified venue - no listing or success fees!!
Quite simply put this is an adult community, designed and inspired by creativity and friendships; while being driven by the force.
We are a roommate finder online chat website application for on and off-campus roommates!
A web app that enables you to track contacts from any platform and automate how you build and maintain your network.
Online music portal with unlimited music mp3 files. Search music, login and save playlists. download any music easily. Also Radio Mode.
Universal Notes is a medical school curriculum available to ALL medical students worldwide providing EQUAL ACCESS to medical education.
Communicate medical history at crucial times--even if you're unconscious! This is the solution for you AND your healthcare provider.
Online auction site with stores as well. Free to use basic services. NO listing fees and NO final value fees ever. 6 free images.
Searching for a trusted contractor? Check out our new connection platform and live job board - www.PostMyReno.com
Whether it’s your product, information, idea or opinion, you want it out there now, you want it “shareable” and you want it effective.
PlaySystem is an integral management system for handling data within Restaurant Play Centers
A non-profit property crowd funding website designed specifically for first time buyers.
Online dating is ruined by fake profiles, vacuous descriptions and awful photography. Data driven dating allows for real connections.
Facebook Alternative for Adults that encourages Meet ups, new friends, and new experiences.
We are the future. We combined the power of the masses to purchase wholesale. 
Cutting out the middlemen saves YOU money. #WinWin
Buying, selling, & trading via Facebook Groups/Craigslist/Backpage etc are dangerous. Dealsafely.com verifies & rates for your safety.
A community for aspiring, current and former business school students to discuss applications, schools, jobs and life in general.
Natives is about getting to know your city through the eyes of people who live there.
I'm making a website that allows users to trade in unneeded electronic parts for credits towards different, more needed parts!
All Who Are is the next big social network, offering a chance to be free, chance to connect around world, & chance for power within.
I want to build and market a debate website.
A practical, easy-to-use online learning site dedicated to affordable Tourism and Hospitality studies, replacing classroom learning.
It's time to throw away the frustrating, time consuming, and costly way of finding a career or a new techie for your business.
Online Real Estate Crowdfunding
Screaming Kids and bad Parenting make for a bad restaurant experience.
Help for beekeepers and non-beekeepers with honeybees. Find local beekeepers and write reviews and with many more features.
AccelerRaiser is a unique platform which is not only a crowdfunding marketplace, but a social network and business support service hub.
Today's EHRs lack in many ways and they are expensive. Most EHRs can't even connect to an HIE without a big cost and little return.
A dating site dedicated to powerful women looking for stay-at-home fathers.
A social site for online gaming that includes guides databases foruming and much more thats better socialing than facebook even.
Online business that markets your product or service using the business card. Post ads, email your card, and drive people to your site.
Our Ultimate Mission is "people helping people" with nominal and affordable costs, so they can all simply reach their goals.
Evaluer ses professeurs d'école du collège, lycée, puis financer ses études.
Find Features.com is a fun site for sending photos and messages with the ability to change the photo presentation.
Active Employ is changing how people around the world find employment. Get hired for what you CAN and WANT to do.
I want to create a databased website, that allows people to pass on their digital legacy.
This should be a website & mobile app where patients can easily find 1,2,3 best surgeons around the world and in his/her country.
We focus on making the best decisions and offering cost-effective, and easy-to-use software.  www.nextcept.com
"Back this Project" to get your hands on this creative &  pre-release theme.  10 day campaign.
Social platform for donors to see how their donation is being used and for charities to go digital and tell their stories
Date Spot gives access to thousands of events at the click of a button. Lakers Games, Movies, Restaurants, and much more!
Get LIFETIME use of EVERY 12Law.com online legal document when you help us create even more of our step-by-step-simple legal documents!
WhatCouldISell - Digital magazine and product research web app  platform for entrepreneurs and people serious about starting a business
Are you an expert in your field? An audience is waiting to hear you speak. We connect expert speakers to audiences across the world
Online dating is flawed! They should not be called "dating" sites at all as they do nothing to help one date. There is a better way!
It's time to organize our public education system with a comprehensive website that will decipher policies and issues for everyone.
This website aims to provide world wide tournaments, where anyone could compete with pro players for cash prizes.
Soul Draft is a blog that puts forward artists, designers, companies and major brands for all the art lovers in search of discoveries.
'This is Us' is a project to build a website where anyone from anywhere will share only 1 picture with the rest of the World...
Reviving our site to provide the most comprehensive Art resource in NYC. Venues, events, reviews, blogs, artist features, competitions.
I hope to create 'THE' UKIP Forum. Debates, discussions and ideas are welcomed! Freedom of speech is a founding principle.
A STATE OF THE ART WEBSITE FOR MEMBERS OF REVOLTAR TO BROADCAST THE REVOLUTION
The Charity Group, making giving easy. Join the change bringing a new level of connection between you and your favourite causes.
Give skilled indie makers the recognition they deserve, while also taking the headache out of finding authentic handmade work online.
Leave behind your online information to your loved ones
TATTOO FU will feature tattoo studios and artists in your local area, showcasing their work and your reviews of each studio.
We aim to create a new, dynamic web community for nerds to express their opinion and interests - focusing on gaming, media, books, etc.
Free site with resources, lesson plans, and activities for each standard by grade to help support students with the Common Core.
SolarSim enables everyone to contribute to a heightened awareness of solar energy potential.
ITSExpert.com is the 1st Global Platform for Intelligent Transportation Systems (ITS) Community.
Image owners and content users are at war. With a win-win solution, we can change that and YOU can help!
As tweeted about by Canadian pop singing sensation, Maverick Judson, and marketing guru, Ashley Peterson!
Imagine a portal with 
customizable tours,
undiscovered destinations and
socially integrated travel feed.
Promote yourself.
Maximum Performance Yoga is dynamic power yoga training that makes student athletes mind & body strong and helps prevent injuries.
I have suffered from depression for nearly 5 years and have found cute things help cheer me up. And I want to make others happy too!
An web_builder that can be used by everyone. Create your own website with drag and drop and get the source for your own developers.
Meaningless Mic is a comedy podcast that can be found on Soundcloud and iTunes. We are in need of a studio and better equipment.
A site designed to help content go viral through a unique sharing process, code name: Virality. #SavePhillip
www.RockMusicHead.com allows you to discover unsigned Rock Bands, buy Concert Tickets, and their Merchandise on the site, and app.
Eeks is a traveling package platform that connects individuals and companies wishing to send packages with individuals who move/travel
Starting from a 2D floorplan of your property, we build up a light and responsive 3D view
HowComo is the only online action sports community, where athletes can learn, share experiences, and market and promote each other.
Devio TV is a static and live video site similar to your cooperate giants, but focused on the authors and users first.
This Chrome Browser extension will make it easy to take any expense in Xero, and automatically make it billable to a customer.
A dating site/app that matches singles based on their favorite shows!
A unique online and app-based network of local radio stations for a mature (30+) audience mixing classic pop music with essential news.
We (humans) spend over 100 Million hours (per day) "waiting for the internet to load".  Peephole.Online™ mitigates/fills that downtime.
Social media platform for early career social science researchers to Podcast themselves for free. Here to get exciting research heard!
Glitter Magazine for teens, is launching a Glitter Digital Universe including entertainment websites, celebrity mobile apps + gaming.
Revolutionary Social Media Platform for Individuals looking for Personal Growth, Passion and Joy.
BirdBrain serves the same content to every student at their independent reading level and adapts as they improve. #edtech
A free, flexible, simple, powerful social blogging platform for the web with great community and privacy features.
A website where Directors, Actors, and script writers can post their work, get themselves out there, be discovered, and gain feedback.
StudyDrop connects students taking the same course in different years by saving their resources and know-how in one convenient place.
Video-based English learning web platform for Turkish speaking hearing impaired people
Pal-folio: A website specifically for CG artists to collaborate using each others skills to enhance each others portfolios.
Clothing that connects to your Social Media presence via a 6 digit code through our patented redirect system. Evolve beyond the fabric.
A place where all the worlds children can gather to learn and interact with educators and peers from abroad. 
All FREE OF CHARGE!!
An online project management portal where all files and processes can be centralised making life easier for project managers.
New Internet search site that allows you to search the web in a whole new way
using catagorized domain links.
Help writers market and promote themselves and their work
HUEMOVIES is a subscription-based streaming video on demand service for underrepresented independent filmmakers.
Texchange is a website dedicated to helping college students exchange textbooks with a focus on a simplistic design for ease of use.
Kid Safe Social Media Network Features "Threat Message Alerts" to Prevent Online Bullying, plus Language and Media Filters.
Put a lasting smile on a friend or loved one’s face when you send a personal video message along with a gift!
TheMatch is a site that provides a platform for all football fans to lend an equal voice to their opinions, no matter who they support
Collectif de sites et applications vraiment gratuits ! Sans publicité, cookies, freemium, commissions cachées ni data-crunching.
Weadeo is where idea makers and creative professionals connect and collaborate to create compelling crowd funding campaigns.
Askbud.ca is a Eco-tourism based website showcasing the super natural wonders of Vancouver Island.
Flights from just 1 cent?  Thats what we're making possible with this revolutionary new website FlightPenny.
GovGraph.us creates interactive visualizations of big data to provide nonpartisan information about the United States government.
We are trying to create a web page that can connect college students that are willing to do smaller work tasks, with local home owners.
The 'eBay for ideas' site that could replace the patent system, connect big companies with big thinkers, & speed up global innovation
See the world by people's photos,placing them on a map where they were  taken, creating for this target a photographic social network.
A robust index of all topics, ideas, people, and books mentioned in ALL of C.S. Lewis' works.
Social Network created by former Zappos.com employee!  Features a Movie Theater, Food Court, Casino, Online Concerts, Sports Events,etc
Almost everyone uses the internet today.  Yet many don't really know how to use it properly and safely. I want to teach you how.
The Social Networth Network | A social network that has its own currency! It will have features relevant to many popular websites.
Romeda is a free cloud based image manipulation platform and image delivery service.
50under is a cause-based online retail store selling to consumers who have the “greater good” in mind.
The First Complete Drone Course That Will Turn You From A "Noob" To A Pro Drone Pilot. Taught By Pro Pilots, To Make You A Pro Pilot.
Graphic Designer donating his time to help local Non-Profit Organizations. Fundraising to offset all printing costs for these groups!
MyPryme is a public platform for people to connect, explore,discover in a professional manner around the world.
Connect backyard wildlife to the cloud. Connect people to science!
DIY Exchange's primary goal is to reduce the amount of usable, excess home project materials that are wastefully thrown away each year.
I LOVE building robots and would love to build one with YOU!
Built by Creators, for Creators, PROPS is an online creative publishing and e-Commerce platform.
The 1st online & mobile K-12 to College tutoring service for the Deaf; plus free practice platform for anyone learning a sign language
OZZtrilogy is three fictional stories that shine light on the role corporations can play in making the world a better place
test
Find the perfect dress every time! Third & Loom is a social marketplace for responsibly-made customizable fashion.
Ever want to go inline skating, biking or play tennis but wish there was a site you could find verified reviews and share your spot?
Instead of people adapting to various scope limited applications, agapt adapts to people to suit their needs.
If you knew you couldn't fail as a musician, would you have made it your career? I have an idea to fix that...
I'm starting a collaborative social media blog for vinyl fans. The blog will be open to the public to post and share.
No need to ask if the kids have brushed.
The BrushLogger will notify when they are not, or when a toothbrush needs to be replaced
Help Experience a french crowdtesting platform dedicated to innovative products to become available for every country in the world !
Development of the TSRGD.co.uk 2015 Web-App to speed up the use of the new Traffic Signs Regulation and General Directions for all.
MyVenyoo is the platform for couples getting married to find budget friendly venues and property owners to monetize unused space.
This video course teaches you modern cloud infrastructure using AWS, including everything you need to manage your own cloud environment
We want to help, support and improve social relations as well as increase quality of life through strengthened community.
Let's create a directory of businesses that are NOT abusing the temporary foreign worker program by replacing Canadians with TFWs.
Wedding Cancelled? Marriage over? Did she walk out? Did he leave the ring behind? There is a website for that.... Justjilted.org
Have you ever found anything what you can't buy in your country? Have you ever thought of what gems you can discover abroad?
Join us as we build a huge searchable database of important planned, ongoing and completed ICT projects in the African continent.
Bidding re-designed, just for you.
MZM Theatre is a streaming platform that will deliver in-theater films, independent movies, short films, insider movie news, and more.
Oticks will offer a Ticket marketplace platform where it connects sellers/buyers and enables transactions without owning any tickets.
A Free Web Platform intended for independent fashion designers to showcase their artwork in an effective 3D virtual environment!
A platform that allows churches to organise their members and keep track of each of them it will be the first christian social network.
Ligatures.Net is an ethical content sharing platform, with a SEO library, helping you to develop online visibility sustainably!
Watchedelics.com is on a mission to network throughout the world-wide watch community.
75% of all business occurs within 15 miles of home. So here's a user-created E-Commerce infused Multimedia Network for your Community !
Uboxu gives web creators a whole new way to earn income by locally running native HTML5 or Wordpress apps.
Muster is a dedicated social media platform specifically for communication management of natural disasters and terrorism events.
they like.
A social network and an online guide with which we give the opportunity to people suffering from rare diseases to find solutions.
InteractC is a social networking platform designed increase productivity & expand your professional network.
The QuivExchange is an online social trading site allowing athletes to buy, sell, trade or exchange extreme sports equipment.
Financez le nouveau réseau social autour des vêtements et de la mode. Aidez à créer ce projet afin d'échanger et de partager vos styles
To advance music education worldwide, Lexcerpts provides free access to over 900 audiovisual excerpts of standard orchestral repertoire
Using the power of open community contribution (Wikipedia style) Soil lays the groundwork for the next evolution of the World Wide Web.
Dating og mødested for indsatte i danmark, dem der gerne vil i kontakt med de indsatte og generelt nysgerrig om emnet
Whether your fitness goal is fat loss or muscle gain, GHOGY can tailor a fitness plan specifically to you, its your plan, at your pace.
Hackspace is an exclusive online hackathon community for designers and developers.
We're on to something and we can't wait to show the world
USHOPIA, the first website which allows everybody to find the adapted product they need, and to buy it in the perfect shop !
REVOLUTIONARY NEW SOURCE of useful information about children’s education and their development from early stages.
Rewarding Self-Publishing Platform & Social Community for Authors and Readers.
This company is where we create websites for you using on donations from you, we strive to create the best from as little as possible.
Boy oh girl, with ICANNDY the internet sure looks good
SunuCademy will be like another Khan Academy with lessons taught in native African languages.
Funder will fill the gaps between individuals, charities and traditional crowdfunding projects. Be creative and fund your cause!
Beautiful You Box is a monthly subscription box, specially curated to make you feel beautiful, confident, and happy <3 :)
Even if you don't Golf...you have to check this out...
Imagine the possibilities for all the activities that you love...
Online marketplace for motion graphics stock media, including video animations, VFX, After Effects templates, 3D source files, and more
Wasting time on watchlists, missed your TV Show episodes? Simkl TV Tracker automatically tracks your watched TV Shows, Anime and Movies
Reshaping the Music Industry, by providing Musician's with easier ways to promote and sell music, stay engaged with fans & much more!
Vanir.is is a green, free Icelandic alternative to WordPress.com with a social conscience.
Practice questions that teachers from around the world give to their personal students are now available to YOU.
Starien is a business-building library of cutting-edge content.It’s a network of like-minded entrepreneurs who constantly compare notes
PuzzleOGames.com is a premier gaming site with a collection of free mind stimulating puzzle and educational games for kids and adults
bandflo is a website that brings talent buyers and entertainers together under one community.
Fund Background Checks for Indian Wells City Council candidates
Tradefit is a new social network for trades and engineers. Jobs, forums, news, competitions, and banter. We've got it all.
Cartoon guide to raising money on Kickstarter while riding your bike through space!
The first martial arts and fighting sports coaching platform / La plateforme d'apprentissage des arts martiaux et des sports de combat
A platform that brings together people who need stuff with people who have stuff to rent.
I have 30 days to Catch all the Pokemon! Show your support and I will share my strategies online so you too can Catch 'em All!
Dan Bilzerian University is an idea proving that we can create anything from nothing and a community of people can shape the future.
Bazadee Sports is a social sports network that brings sports lovers of all ages together to follow the teams and athletes they love.
We Believe Sharing the Sport of Shooting Should be SIMPLE
Streamer8: A social retrogaming experience right from your browser! Anytime, anywhere.
Having a hard time finding other couples to hang out with?  Let's change that.
New and easy way to create website and manage content. It takes only two clicks to see your first page.
eBay's accusation of Gumtree has led to ridicules fees for users wanting to sell their treasures. It's time to FIX this with Fr33Bay.
Refugee Hero connects heroes – ordinary people and their warm homes – with refugees and facilitates in temporary accommodation.
Liter-Ate is a website made to organize and store an author's thoughts. Mold characters, write chapters, and organize plot lines here.
Share your vacation adventures on GoneVaca.com
It is like a perpetual job fair, but online, with socializing, and job postings.
JonesingforEducation.com is a revolutionary social website that allows our users to earn educational funding; how cool is that?
Paw vs Paw is a photo competition website for your pet our overall goal is to become a dedicated website to help all the paws in need.
We bring people together to trade time & skills instead of cash. Create projects, assign team members and bring ideas to life.
We're a small start-up project, striving to create a community platform, where you can exchange military style kit to a wide audience.
An exclusive community of design students, alumni, faculty & employers coming together to learn, teach and work on real-world projects.
Custom website to display a person's automotive creations.  The 'IDOL' of the web!
Interactive, social and educational car racing platform for those who want to get involved in car racing
IMADETHENEWS.com is a social movement. Users can create the comic news, or relax and experience the great content! Share in the fun!
WebDat is going to be the website of websites, where users can come see ratings and descriptions of any website on the internet!
Archived is an online backup service offering triplicate archiving for your most important data: records, media, and more.
An online reputation platform will be available for free to check your online reputation and a free tool to monitor social mentions
The Hub is to promote local food & craft business and fayres by using an interactive directory and dedicated promotion and marketing.
FutureProAthlete will help aspiring athletes get noticed by creating and sharing player profiles with bio's,stats,photos and videos.
I dream of becoming a freelance designer, but can not afford the equipment. New macbook I need is £2200 and Apple declined financing:((
Plateforme de veille et de curation de contenu par filière professionnelle. #VeilleConcurrentielle #veilleMarketing ...
Mobile Cameo connects celebrities & fans on video chat where fans can purchase an appointment to meet their favorite personality online
PAQUP provides a hassle-free way for group travelers to connect and coordinate to meet in a common destination at an economical price.
Market your book like a pro!

We are building an online book marketing system for authors and publishers!
We dream of creating a place where anyone is welcome to join and discuss different topics, make friends and be themselves.
MovieSwap is the first universal movie library, totally powered by the crowd, to watch and swap films without constraints.
NEXT-GENERATION GAMING
Ticker Sentry is an automated stock analysis platform. It provides automated technical analysis and news analysis for traders.
Bamboowifi is an independent and local alternative to the internet services currently being offered by telephone and cable companies.
The virtual cycle website is a twist on the high street cycle store combining the needs of a cyclist with interactive visualization
We're going to unite millions of musicians and music makers both amateur and pro under one powerful profile & search platform!
We've built a web platform that allows Australians, Australian universities, and government to work together to build better policies.
SCRYPTmail is private email service. We don't sell ads or your data. We have features you would not be able to find anywhere else.
Help crowdfund a photo sharing network (web + mobile apps) for travel enthusiasts, adventurers, and vacationers or just about anyone.
Develop a website that allows all Americans to hear the strengths and needs of all our communities and earn money by contributing!
Before you going to the Party at the Mal, yo the work, with LATER, find in advance the people who will be on this place.
Cleffy changes the way how you learn an instrument, It's the Duolingo of music! Do you want to learn music easily? Try Cleffy now!
Mouzek's main goal is to be a suitable alternative to music piracy, providing a totally free, social and unlimited service.
Help us level the playing field by offering scholarships to underrepresented demographics in the software development industry.
Help us create a new platform so that we can train more veterans nationwide!
City local, networking website that bridges the gap between musicians, film-makers and professionals while being the hub for resources.
reuss is a simple website that lets you temporarily host your website or PHP script for free.
The art of love letters has been lost in this digital age. We aim to bring love letters back into the digital age! Help us!
Find a best friend for your dog with the first created dating site for dogs.
Because. You'll be truly missed.
Always keep your family and loved ones in touch with you, even after you pass away.
Creating Website to document project of creation of a famous character to be marketed. I want to create book/film about the process.
Fun, self-guided, interactive lessons! Engaging & meaningful content support middle & high school students in Language Arts & Reading!
I have a simple idea of bridging a huge gap within the LGBT community, helping people reach out to others with same interests
Simplicity. Efficiency. Effectiveness. Design, Search, Explore, Connect. Everybody's got their something. Let's make it simpler.
An innovative League of Legends database social network for summoners to view stats, find/make ranked teams and share with each other.
A fun and enjoyable virtual pet experience for people of all ages.
So Cal Pokemon aims to be an app that pulls location and pokemon info to allow  users to search by pokemon name or by city.
The only company online and offline 100% dedicated to the growth and prosperity of the numismatic community making positive changes.
Bewirb dich im Ausland!
Building the next best podcast hosting network is not the easiest, but we are doing it. One stop shop for all the audio needs.
Knock4 is an interest-based social platform which combines everything to do with your interests in one place.
A free website and app that allows users to customize their gym search in order to find the perfect gym for their needs.
Online property management tool for landlords.
A series of informational and interactive online tutorials enabling businesses to proactively ensure mental and corporate vitality.
We're a new web portal for philanthropy - helping  
charities and businesses get more exposure, making
the world a better place.
CAPDIVI is a website that helps 14 -24 students and graduates to make informed career choices and prepare for the jobs market
The goal of the Intergrade Institute is using in-home technology to provide the highest quality education.  For free, forever.
New Edge Math is an ingenious Website that turns school work into an innovative social experience.
This site matches the exact skill set for many different occupations and finds them employment for both full and part time.
A social network to meet new people, discover the world and share your best moments with everybody.
An online platform offering courses in digital information product creation and sales (ebooks, webinars, courses, affiliate & more).
Artificial Intelligence Tutorials & SDK, we are building the most complete and easy to use GUI for AI cloud based model builder
Eqoria System is a new global citizenship that offers one world, one mind and true freedom.No one controls.Let's create our new world.
Pure Swap is a closet sharing website and app to swap, trade, rent or buy items.
Whovian Companions is a free dating site for people who like Doctor Who,  this site is only available in Great-Britain for now.
We're Looking For Your Help For BAEBAYS Multimedia Lab. Help Us Raise Money Bring Our Concept Of A Futuristic Computer Lab To Life.
KEEPUP is an innovative platform where you can feel SAFE , SMART and SECURE while social networking.
No one likes ads. Not even the advertisers who get poor returns or the publishers who have to bloat their content to make it free.
Video/Audio Production Freelancing! Video editors, VFX artists, & sound designers will bring you quality content at an affordable price
We want to bring volunteering to those who want to do good, but have a hectic (aka normal) life.
Concard brings together the best of Cloud storage and Social Networking concepts to give you a dynamic contact list wherever you are.
A platform for sharing historic rent data by the tenants themselves, verified by post in a peer-to-peer way.
Our goal is create a official online forum and community supporting MIUI ROM and all the XIAOMI products on the USA.
Second by second polls for your videos and live events. Embed them online. Find out what the world thinks as it happens.
A website with animated videos, downloadable lesson plans, self-guided reflections, quizzes, and the ability to create a community.
Soul Draft is a blog that puts forward artists, designers, companies and major brands for all the art lovers in search of discoveries.
"Slither on Inn" is a community meeting hall for reptile, fish, small animal, and bird enthusiasts willing to share their resources!
Creating an online resource and community for fans of DC Comics television properties that emphasizes passion for the source material.
We're building a community that easily allows students and retirees to connect, trading rooms in return for companionship and chores.
The Palace of the Arts buy, bid and sell Scripts, Illustrations, Characters and More plus Free Royalty Free Images, Videos and Music
An on-line site where people can upload pictures, videos, leave tributes and stories of their family members who have passed on..
USHOPIA, le 1er site au monde qui permet à chacun, de trouver le produit adapté à son besoin puis de l'acheter dans la boutique idéale.
Need an aerial photography/video? Drone-henge is the social platform to find drone pilots at your service around the world.
Vote for which NEWS source you think should be massively FACT CHECKED! One lucky news source; 10,000 articles. Fund and vote!
Meet Offline, the website that inspires people to go offline, discover and share interesting activities taking place in the real world.
A game changing app for shelters to upload photos immediately to an adoption site for you to see. Unseen animals go unadopted.
A personal growth and professional development platform for educators, including online courses, coaching, and webinars.
We connect Grads & Talent to Leaders to intern, consult, pilot projects, launch careers, & solve community issues
For anyone who disagrees to be followed 24/7 and turned into commercial data: Keep and share your events, photos and memories.
Athlazon is a digital media enterprise and your source for sports rankings, athlete profiles and highlight videos.
The final development of a Braintree module for Prestashop - allowing a quarter of a million merchants accept payments more easily!
The first social networking site for fitness to bring people into or want to join others in any fitness activity.
Your Learning Zone is a place in the home where parents learn how to appropriately assist their preteen to learn "HOW" to learn!
Instantly maximize Google Chrome’s capabilities and perform some amazing shortcuts through “chrome://”.
My own comedy and entertainment to youtube. I want to be one of the people that make others laugh and enjoy content that I create.
An online "Invention Trade Show" where inventors get to showcase their ideas to a large number of companies at one time!
Science Technology Engineering and Math + youth = a brighter tomorrow.
In today's day and age every website tracks your IP Address and information, it's time to keep your information private and secure.
A "CarFax" type of report for Doctors. We have the right to make informed decisions about who we choose to be our doctor!
The admin for Randompics has announced they will be shutting down. I want to run, and improve, this great site!
Bad news is our business. We deliver the news you don't want to and soften the blow with custom designed gifts and personalized verse.
An iPad support care package for your parents / seniors.
No more expensive, difficult and seperated packages for your business management. It's time for an All-in-One solution for your company
Gritty, upfront reality going the distance hard with a proven track record of insatiable artist. Broadcasted live on the Web.
A website that hosts virtual desktops. Simply log in and the cloud will enhance the power of your local computer or smart device
Can we swap, please? - everybody's said it. I want to create a website that enables anybody to trade their items, without money hassle.
We are creating a Christian social network to empower, educate, and connect Christians all over the world.
Finie la peur de vendre ou acheter d'occasion à un inconnu ! Colis ouverts, photographiés et testés. Paiements en ligne sécurisés.
A Fast and Reliable new Web platform to stream videos from Internet
A storybook for your child in 15 minutes, exclusively through Kickstarter (pre-sales, not a donation) starting at $15 for a softcover.
Something is wrong when your choices are between a "giant douche and a turd sandwich."  So, lets make it better.
The aim of PixlDir is to deliver the most simple, and fast experience when it comes to uploading images to the web.
Hormis la similitude envers d'autres réseaux socials, celui-ci vous permettra d'organiser / participer à des soirées très facilement !
At beSpider you can create and publish you websites within minutes. 100s of pre-build templates, free domain, free cloud base hosting.
With the cost of education seemingly always on the rise, Y2Y aims to ensure that no student will be left behind through peer tutoring.
Big Data Sets for researchers interested in improving the quality of life.
iShopGreen.ca is an online marketplace that connects consumers and suppliers with green products & services
Creating a web portal to train law enforcement departments on how to handle dogs and a directory and profile system for our dog's.
The Animal Shelter Network is a free website for collaboration and communication between animal shelters, rescues and humane societies.
WheelWolf is a subscription based service connecting car lovers to provide a safe and secure platform for swapping and borrowing cars.
I am designing a fun, high tech dating website, with over 25 cool features. It is innovate as well as user friendly.
TSOLife is a revolutionary digital platform that allows users to record a personalized legacy to leave behind for future generations.
Social Network - your new digital social life without ads, monitoring and analyses. Freed from the feeling that every step is followed
Funding of website design & materials for education about firearms, firearm safety & firearm related apparel
Global Ids you create for yourself, then the world can connect to you via free online msgs (for Reuniting Lost Property, Dating & more)
Land development network for an eco-conscious collective. Community portal features ideas on lean design, green building, urban ecology
A Powerful Multimedia-Rich Software that aims at making online publishing very simple.
A new dating website for busy working professionals.  The heroconnection.com
The purpose of this project is to develop a website that helps users to raise their skills in manage misunderstanding situations
A new platform for dreams with fun factor. Everyone can help each other to finance their dreams and set conditions!
Tripper is a vacation planning service striving to provide the perfect trip, making traveling easy.
A lifestyle mobile app connects digitally enhanced business and service outlets in New York City with their communities and customers.
The new level of memes! Let's build a new social where find the new, best, fresh memes!
A dating site for sports fans!
Stop meeting strangers off the internet to buy/sell/trade. Erase the dangers of being robbed, kidnapped, or worse. #SaveLifes
Trade conversations of 30 minutes in your own language for credits you will trade in conversations in any other language you want!
noggy is a new mobile app that will allow a business to have a direct link to their website and apps vs. the clutter of Google
Ashes & flowers by a tree... and now SoulAbout, the perfect social network for souls.
An alternative to greedy corporations!
A solution for people to get whatever they want and the Hero is there to save the day via gps. ANYTHING you want with a tap of a button
Citylicious is fighting against technology companies that are forcing restaurants to charge more because of 3rd party commissions.
A dynamic, fully-loaded online calendar of events in Southwest Vermont for residents, visitors and businesses that want to do more.
Our goal is to expose Booksmart to all students across the country so everyone can save money!
thenerderynetwork social networking for nerds by created by nerds, retreat to the nerdery while we bust out our calculators. join us.
This website will serve as an interface to change lives and have a community routing for your success!
A series of informational and interactive online tutorials enabling businesses to proactively ensure mental and corporate vitality.
The most influential and prestigious awards program that honors innovation and leadership in mobile technology and entertainment
A virtual world for parents of children with autism, and many other rare disorders to collaborate online, and learn best practices.
ShopLyft strives to make the lives of every working person easier. We provide a platform that enables On-Demand grocery delivery.
We want to re-innovate the way web hosting works in NZ
Upload Old Media to YOUR Digit.
MAIL or DROPOFF CDs, DVDs, hard disk drives, USB flash drives and memory cards to THUMB.CLOUD
Local shop selling local goods from Thy throughout Denmark
The Wikipedia of data. A collection of data for the people by the people. Our information for our betterment, not for their profit.
GLC will be a Dating/Social website dedicated to true gamers!
Daily Fantasy sports with a twist, will be the most interactive site for fantasy sports with hands on experience.
Bladux is an online cloud service platform aiming to allow individuals and businesses to host and manage their online world.
Seicenta est le premier créateur de sites web en 3D et 4K au monde.
Encrypted Instant Messaging Service - with a zero trace and a zero data storage policy
We are a nonprofit dedicated to saving lives! We are in need of funds so we can provide a needed FREE app that is going to save lives!
Freezylist.com empowers the "By Owner" community with novel solutions AND creates a WIN-WIN-WIN dynamic for brokerages & Servicers too!
User costs free webpage for 'selling/buying flats, homes, etc.'

'income to running the site is add based - self sustainable'
Califoryou.com is a destination website, specializing in things to do and places to see, in California. Califoryou is Your California.
Like music? Want to share your own music? What about find other artists you may never of heard of? Or even connect with others?
A Charity organisation with a website where people can work online and give consultations for a fee. The organisation will be God's.
"Unity is strength... when there is teamwork and collaboration, wonderful things can be achieved."
-Mattie Stepanek
Boomerbook is a social media platform designed to make aging exciting and exceptional! 
boomerbook.onsocialengine.com
There are plenty of Junk Projects on Kickstarter, browsing to fund a legit project is hard, But now you no longer have to face the junk
SAVE MONEY! Stop worrying about account disputes, supervising installs, and corporation bull-****. We actively negotiate on your behalf
My team and I are creating a social media website for pet lovers across the world! Fashion, animal shows, adoptions, and more.
Watch and Make FREE 3D Videos & Pics - No Viewer needed. To Help Learn we have Training and Instant 3D viewers.
Back this project and get access to a course about building COMPLETE web applications without coding.
Own, Buy, Sell 3D property! 3D games, 3D traveling and earn in one virtual 3D NEASPACE, Best for Oculus Rift environment.
Poliword tries to provide the people of the world an opportunity to make real changes in their government through the internet.
HoxWi are the future for real time interaction with on-line customers via chat or video conference.
Donate $30 or more and receive a free selfie stick.
It is the mission of the Seeker’s School of Thought and Philosophy to provide a safe and nurturing environment for all.
The best dating website for bronys and pegasisters. The reason I'm trying to get the funds for this project is that I need a laptop.
Almost done with doctorate degree but need funding of $35,000 to complete research of project.
PriceItUpPlease will be an easy to use website that estimates the amount of your startup costs for that great idea you have!
HardstyleUnited.com The Global Hardstyle community. Your Hardstyle community.
Click For Therapy is a website that was created to connect consumers and therapists across the UK.
A website to auction, sell and swap items in the uk without a charge, without excess fees, the next ebay.
I want to crowdfund the sequencing of my own genome to make it publicly available with crowd-sourced interpretation.
Welcome to Bee Bay Canada, your commission free microjobs website.  Sell at any price and keep 100% of what you earn!
A website for email/sms alerts of your personal selection, comparison of prices,consolidated database, best deals around for clothing.
The Columbus Ruby Brigade has brought monthly ruby goodness and camaraderie to all participants.
This is an affordable social lead based web-site to help anyone who wants extra work or start their own business. We find your customer
Making a Minecraft server and Website and I need your help to fund it. Thanks in Advance!
A website that could group all your social 'identities' and online property together and find new followers or creators to follow
iDEA virtual activities, the perfect way to encourage children and families to get active - physically, socially and mentally.
Our goal is to create a completely free website similar to Chegg.com for students to benefit from without raping their wallet!
A professional and social media environment created to effectively match job seekers to jobs based on an algorithms-matching system
A website that lets local businesses offer deals to customers and be found online. They pay a small yearly fee and keep %100 of profit.
Let's go get it back! Most people can get $5,000 to $6,000 more a year in tax deductions. Stop the abuse and get back your share!
ProjectPetal.com is an all in one website for all Makers to share projects and ideas. A Facebook(R) Twitter(R) & Github(R) all in one.
An online platform that will notify every listed individual, vet, council, pound and so on in a geographical area when a pet is lost!
We want to create a safe marketplace for buying and selling bicycles.
Next time you want a beer, put down your keys and pick up your phone. We prevent drunk driving by delivering alcohol to you at home.
Slice Trade is a new way to trade in your old phones. We buy back phones in any condition and pay you cash or give you a new one free!
Tough, pre-manufactured lost and found stickers that forward messages to the owners email and cellphone.
Fluttify is an Online Video Sharing Platform allowing friends to share their favorite Trending Content with each other.
KEEPUP allows you to extend your social circle by introducing you to new people via your friends.
Selectcooks.com is a community marketplace for people to list, find and hire chefs.
Tired of waiting for likes? Here is a brand new social network centered on real-time hashtag chatting. Just chat and enjoy!
Social Media Platform for the Marijuana Industry to create professionalism and a stable lasting market.
Netiquette classes to teach our youth how make proper use of computer-mediated communications for personal and educational success.
A quirky online shop where you can buy, sell and discover stuff that's "a little bit different". We think "it's right up your alley!"
We're seeking to reward our members for their social behavior. The members win on two levels- compensation and increased viral sharing!
Lyka will allow you to search for shoes in every sneaker store and website and then buy for in-store pickup or same-day delivery.
Realjobmatch is not just a job search site but a matching site , matching the right jobseekers with the best jobs.
Learning should be fun! Effective health education includes the person's learning strengths, preferences and cultural perspective.
The first ever trend-powered stock-market where you can buy and sell shares of you and your loved ones. Let's explore life together.
Kiwwi va dépoussiérer le marché de l'emploi, avec peu de moyens mais de très bonnes idées, cependant, nous avons besoin de vous !
A SaaS solution for Businesses to align their strategies with customer value, using realtime strategic roadmaps & visualisations.
Using the power of internet to help people save hundreds in car repair.
I am asking for $4,200 to launch a unique website serving professionals in any and all industries seeking additional income in Oregon.
Imagine a world where you can swap a video game you're tired of playing for a video game you actually want to play for just $1.50!
We want to create the "Facebook" for Writers. We are working on a new world for people who like to write. Check out more wriyon.com
I am making a social website where people can anonymously or openly vent, All walks of life all over the world
I'm creating a website with projects which I'll create later / Ich erstelle eine Webseite mit Projekten, welche ich später erstelle.
Matching refugees with sponsors in the US for 5 years. Our goal is to assist 300 Rohingya refugee families with supportive communities.
The internets new search engine. Looking for funding to develop our backend web indexing software with an emphasis on automation.
SheLifts is going to be the number One international social HUB & information resource for women into weight lifting
New Innovation of Social Media with New Technology created to bring users even closer togethor - Tabs & Features never seen before!
World Star Worship is a website for people who have no church home of what they worship.you will be able to watch live video and music.
Renasant Networks is a new project to give affordable Network Security such as Stress Testing, Emergency DDoS Mitigation, VPS's, etc.
Your new source for discounted alcoholic beverages to your local venues, clubs and bars. SAVE tons of money. Similar to "Groupon"
The art of love letters has been lost in this digital age. We aim to bring love letters back into the digital age! Help us!
Are you tired of forgetting to pay taxes or renew a driver's license? The solution for you is Smart Time Line!
WhoSlide is a YouTube sharing platform driven by quality rather than internet search rankings.
The main goal is to help Canadian Home Owners to select and hire suitable, certified, experienced and honest Contractors.
Social network website that is solely for gamer's on all platforms and designed to connect everyone all in one place. Claim your Stash!
Applied learning in a virtual workspace, guided by expert coaching from professionals, teamwork, and application in real time projects.
Peer influence gets kids on drugs. Peer influence can also keep kids off of drugs.
FB-public is carrying out the Global News using the Facebook platform.
Relieving the frustration and loneliness of startup life by screaming on tall buildings worldwide
YouUnite.com is a free service that helps families get matched with each other for the purpose of finding a long lasting friendship.
My point one is a website designed with the sole purpose to create a community dedicated to change.
Thanks and welcome to All New Items, we are a new website for People interested in New Inventions Products and Businesses

Thanks
An intelligent robot that reads for you, brings back highlights, and enables you to focus on content that matters.
Online shopping should be fun & affordable for all, ausbid.com believes this!  Searching for real estate, think soldaustralia.com.
Law Enforcement Website that consolidates discounts, benefits, fundraisers, and all things cop related. Buy/Sell/Trade/Services
Initial site and mobile app were recently made live. Interest is growing and we needs funds for marketing, improvements and employees.
Hey Everybody, I'm wanting to start a gaming YouTube channel, but the only thing is I need a bit of help from you guys.
We are innovating daily fantasy sports by increasing the probability of winning. A truly fun and exciting new way to play!
www.trailhiking.com.au is expanding into every state of Australia. Before we do we need a new look. Help us develop a custom theme
Web based media and books to foster intelligent, thoughtful optimism and counter the media’s tendency to always focus on the negative.
Travel, practice the sport you love, enjoy your time and meet with people who share your own passion.
I need your help to start an extremely helpful multi-purpose website for travelers, emergency personnel, and those in critical need!
SaaS platform/ website - Video Upload - Video Download with hidden license plates.
Never make a bad travel decision again!
Be ready for the summer and find your perfect beach with BeachRex- world's biggest beach portal
thefactwall.com is a brain child of a few friends, we want to create a simple to load massive fact data base.
Making golf lessons easy and affordable for everyone around the world in any environment!
For our SalsaSofa Project we need a Google API for showing correctly Places to stay overnight & Events in the Maps & Calendars.
Connect and socialize with people through your thoughts! 

Listen or get heard!
Full-featured online educational service, no analogs! Poor students will benefit just as financially independent will!
This website would connect to every website that requires a "Register" or "Login". Simply just click the "ConnectMe" button.
By sharing your selfie/picture with us and the rest of the world, helping to shorten the aftermath and sorrow of natural disasters.
Family removed project. Thank you for looking!
Slepn est une plateforme mettant en relation des particuliers pour louer/réserver à la dernière minute une chambre pour une nuit.
International Social Media for creative people with ideas for global and local companies.
Connecting all gamers to events.
Connecting educators with their future. Pre-K to University, Bus Driver to President...connecting the best talent with our students.
Separate Network, Existing Infrastructure. No restrictions & cheap TLDs, Adding P2P Encryption in the client for a safer surf!
Die große Liebe findet man heute online. Auch Lesben brauchen ein großartiges Portal, um die Traumfrau zu finden. Verlieb dich jetzt!
Online courses, interactive DIY tools, and coaching help people snap out of self-absorption to improve their lives and relationships.
Smalltalk ist eine Webseite für die moderne Form von Unterhaltung. Es werden keine Gewalttaten darauf zugelassen
A social online interface designed for matching you to connect, and game, with others in real time. It aims to reduce drama and bias.
Advance detail in golf course reviews and surrounding area.
Manage your twitter account, gain more like minded followers, make every tweet count, setup DM marketing for your Kickstarter Campaign.
ViewCoze.com is an alternative to Youtube, that aims to better support it's Creators. While providing entertaining content to viewers.
The Founders Page connects innovative ideas which stimulate job growth with resources to develop and markets to buy
A dating website with the funny name... And a movie attached to it!
The goal is to provide everyone with fair priced Wordpress Training.
The cutting edge system for growing and cultivating a community of passionate followers on Facebook & Twitter.
A virtual library and academic store where students and teachers can store, share, organize, and sell their course notes or materials.
eRentPay is a user-friendly online property management tool for landlords to fully manage their properties on their own.
We are developing a crowdfunding platform to help entrepreneurs, investors, artists, charities, and social causes.
Which financial professionals truly put u..the client first? Could you find out right now? Is there an app for that?? clientstreet.com!
A "runners only" social network, race listings, training resources and articles, product reviews blogs and much more will be added!
Open4Partiz's goal is to bring a fresh air on the way people attend or organize events / parties.
STI Dating Website
My Test Shoot connects talented individuals to create new pieces of visual art all over the country.
The #1 Resource for Health Wellness and Prevention. 
Lead the Way Prevention today!
Finding parking is a nightmare nation wide. This website is to assist you to plan a head and be a national platform to assist everyone
Project relaunch currently being planned. Check for the latest updates on this project at RandPaulDigital.com
All rentals under ONE ROOF available to rent HOURLY. Why Rent for a day when you can rent for an HOUR!
We are developing an exciting new classifieds brand targeting the Australian classifieds market. "I heard it through the grapevine"
My purpose is to help the world be happier and healthier with my online program to https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UTPeBXuChOg
Only way for her to find her family is from DNA, follow her 28 year journey to find her family.
If only smart phones came with smart plans, smart data, and smarter service providers.
revolutionary search engine gets you the same press releases reporters get, at the same time they get it – no censors, no delays
Missed out on the Bitcoin Boom?
Rimbit is a Digital Currency that has taken Bitcoin, removed the junk and made a True Global Currency
This Project is going to help us fund to teach others how the IT field can help them and keep allowing us to teach others
No hassle No questions asked complete smartphone/tablet protection company. LOSS & THEFT covered. All types of damage including water.
There are people everywhere who have something exceptional to say. Let’s make a web portal to share their stories with the whole world!
One Day Decisions needs to raise money to be able to buy more time for our commercial to be on the air.
LGBTQ Survival Guide is a FREE social/ informational website dedicated to LGBTQ.
ordering takeaway romania
...
Business cards show unique 5 star reviews on one side and your online review site on the other. Our team also helps remove bad reviews.
Fitequip
A web app for crowdsourcing immigration raid info so undocumented people can avoid them, and to create community driven data on raids.
An E-Learning Community that enhances personal growth by teaching life skills required to live a stress free & happy life... every day!
Colorado Escorts will be the premier go to source for High End Escorting services. Based in the Springs but servicing all Colorado.
Nouvelle religion qui se base sur des faits scientifiques et sur le gros bon sens. Financement pour campagnes facebook et adwords.
There are no true (not drag and drop) web developers offering low cost web site builds. I want to. Funds are for worldwide marketing.
pennyhero will be the first donation drive platform of it's kind! Visit pennyhero.com for more information!  Anyone can be a hero!
Luxx provides a community for exotic car, yacht, jet owners, makers and designers. We also feature exclusive fashion and polo content.
Ex Tech Fortune 50 Entrepreneur that Brokers/ Flips/ Apps, Websites, Domain Names, ETC.  My goal is make your money back X3 Quickly-Dan
We are about to break the internet. Literally.
going to re-launch this project in about a week or two, sorry!!!!!
