With Pixelio and your smartphone or GoPro creating the 3D scans or 360 photos & movies is a piece of cake!
New hot knife, needle, and scooper attachments to remove 3D Print defects! Recharge from a USB port! Replaceable tips. Easy-to-use!
Hosting educational 3D Printing Sessions across the U.S. to inspire young girls to become active leaders in STEM.
I want to make the life of people in wheelchairs easier. The Universal Arm would be the beginning of this. Multiple functions in one.
The 3rd party heated print bed for The Micro M3D printer brings full utilization to the printer.
We turn 3D printing into an everyday activity. Our printers enable printing straight from the online marketplace with just one click!
Far better than any other 3D printers in print-quality & speed, under $1,000-category. Personal Resin 3D Printer. Powered by LIPS tech.
Print faster, silently and more consistently, in higher resolution than has ever been possible
A portable micro wind turbine, made of 3D printed parts producing renewable and clean 5 volt USB power for you and those in need!
Never miss a 3D print again because of an empty spool or dust on the filament. SENTINEL is your ultimate filament watchdog.
The Thingybot Delta 3D Printer is an easy to use, high precision, high resolution 3D printer for professionals and hobbyists!
Filamet, the 3D printing filament that lets any standard 3D printer create high quality metallic objects right on your desktop!
A collection of 15 parody skulls inspired by the creatures and characters of Star Wars. Nylon skulls & 3D-printable files available.
A snowflake shaped chocolate box would be a great Christmas gift!
3D Models for the box, tools, molds and many extras included!
Griffin 3D has created and is selling high quality, easy to use, delta style 3D printers at an affordable price.
We teach fundamentals of engineering through inspiring online design lessons that anyone can take anywhere!
The ultimate printing surface for 3D printers. LokBuild provides a durable and stable build surface whilst preventing model warping.
World's first heated tool to finish 3D prints with variable heat and interchangeable heads designed for specific 3D retouching tasks.
For every $100 pledged, all of the teachers and students at the school of your choice get LIFETIME ACCESS to Sightline Maps!
Get your 1st DLP in only 2 months! Delivery at end of December 2016.  High Precision DLP 3D Printer - Metal Body - Low Price.
"RepRap is humanity's first general-purpose self-replicating manufacturing machine." - RepRap.org
Snowflakes are beautiful and unique, but don't last very long. So we created ones that do. Sharing our 3D printed snowflakes.
GeckoTek is the first 3D printer build plate developed with a permanent coating specifically designed for 3D printing
Dry and feed the filament for your 3D printing.  The effective solution for moisture-related 3D printing problems.
A Collection Of 3D Prints Help You Test And Calibrate Your 3D Printer And Filaments. Then Share And Review Results With The Community.
3DKitbash is back with Boneheads Series 2! Featuring 18x 3D-printable skulls, each prints free of support, and includes a hinged jaw!
A desktop friendly consumer 3D printer that won't scare your wallet.  Your journey into 3D printing starts here.
The system is designed to be used with the Oculus virtual reality system to help simulate different types of ground surfaces.
4-in-1 3D printer with the ability to be a dual head 3D extrusion printer, CNC mill, PCB etcher, or a laser engraver, all in a machine
We created a wheelchair with two innovative features for pets dealing with hind leg paralysis, front leg paralysis, or leg amputations.
To bring 3D printing technology into everyone's home by building a quality and affordable 3D printer that everyone can enjoy!
Helix is a professional 3D printer designed to be a versatile, robust, and affordable asset to your business.
Create 3D metal objects by using the 3DMetalCreator! No electricity, computer or software required. Limited only by your imagination.
Flexible 3D Printing Filaments from your trusted filament source, Zen Toolworks.
Cultural relics of the 3d data and interaction by app or browser. More than 200 years history of stone carving art. 
download print
The EX¹ makes printing circuits as quick and easy as printing a photo - allowing you to print on the material of your choice.
No more wires!  Slice, store, and 3D print straight from your tablet or phone.
A thoughtfully designed delta 3D printer kit.
The QU-BD One Up is the least expensive, production ready, high quality 3D printer available on the market! ...Its OPEN SOURCE TOO!
Our Dream. Reviving industry and agriculture by developing industrial products from natural raw materials.
Using synthetic Mars soil, we will 3D print a limited edition replica of the Mars Curiosity Rover Gale Crater landing site.
All-in-one IR sensor & alarm. Detect all filament feeding errors. Automatically pause your 3D printer using OctoPrint, Marlin (1.1.x).
This is the best foldable, portable, sturdy 3d printer. It doesn't need a suitcase, it is one. Very fast and easy to fold and unfold.
You've heard of the "repair café". a place to get free help to fix broken stuff, learn to repair instead of replace. Lets make!
gadget for smartphone,you put it between three segments and three angles useful for frontal camera and save your headphones,3d print it
The Worlds 1st Interactive CANDY! This is NOT food, not a game, not technology, not philanthropy, not social engineering.  Read on!
Green lasers are cool, especially when they turn your smartphone into a highly accurate and affordable 3D scanner.
The 3Dvarius is the new electric violin created by 3D printing technology and based on the model of a real Stradivarius violin.
Lix 3D pen enables you to doodle in the air. This professional tool offers you the comfort and pushes your creativity to another level.
Quicker Than a 3D Printer, Easier Than Baking a Cake, Powered by Your Vacuum Cleaner
Tiko is the 3D printer you’ve been waiting for. Simple, accessible, and dependable, all for a pledge of $179.
A universal paste extruder for virtually any desktop 3D printer. Go beyond plastic: print silicone, nutella, wood filler + much more.
The first truly consumer 3D printer should be incredibly intuitive, easy to own, and seamless by design.
3D Food Printer or food printing head, cartridges with printable food, intuitive WIFI user interface and supporting internet platform
Bring your imagination to life with FLUX’s 3D printing, 3D scanning, laser engraving and more modular functions.
The Z-Unlimited is an Ultimaker 3D printer add-on which convert your own trusty 3D printer into a printer with unlimited heights.
The Deltaprintr is a new take on efficient, high-resolution 3D printing. Take your designs to new heights!
Created with the home based user in mind, the iBox Nano is the worlds smallest, most affordable 3D Resin Printer.
Designate your 3D Printer as ground zero for monster-fighting special ops, and help secure Earth!
History trembled the day the Rubber Band Blaster was first forged. Firing 10 rubber bands per second, instantly reloadable...
Easy to use open source G-code interpreter for all 3d printers, laser cutters, mills, and other CNCs. Modular, powerful, and smooth.
An affordable commercial-grade 3D printer, offering high speed, large build volume, and specially designed for composite filaments.
An easy to assemble, functional yet aesthetic, cost-effective delta 3D printer for 3D printer fans!
The Mamba3D printer is an affordable, high quality, all-metal, open source 3D-printer with a 200x200x200mm build area.
This is Robox! Designed to be the simplest, most reliable and comprehensive 3D printing platform available. Packed with innovation.
Customisable, 3D printed, smartphone based Virtual Reality Goggles distributed through crowd manufacturing.
The truly personal desktop factory, with high quality details, the simplest design, and opensource for your development.
The world's first sculptable 3D printing filament. Print in Cx5 then quickly smooth away build lines and sculpt detail onto your print.
The world’s first handheld point-and-shoot, full color 3D scanner available for under $1,000. Fire up your creativity!
A simple and cost-effective 3d scanner.
Cut the cord on filament forever — print with hundreds of pelletized materials using the next generation of 3D printer technology.
Use your own 3D printer along with the Ciclop scanner kit to create an incredibly affordable, high quality, 3D laser scanner.
The MM1 adapts as quickly as the technology that surrounds it. Capable of printing single, dual, paste extrusions, and more...
Attract magnets and store data with ProtoFlux Magnetic Filament, a new ProtoTek 3D Printing Material.
The LittleRP is an affordable, flexible, and open 3D resin printer that is makerspace friendly and easy to self-source.
A sturdy, fast and portable 3D Printer that you can take everywhere. Where will you take your Bukito?
The RoVa4D Full Color Blender is the World's first affordable full color 3D printer! It is easy to use and comes ready-to-print.
Made of industrial-grade parts. Transforms into a laser engraver in 60 seconds. Trinus is the professional 3D printer you can afford.
Features Wi-Fi connectivity, built-in color touch screens and more, all powered by The Robo App
The Sienci Mill One turns your ideas into reality by carving 3D objects from materials like wood, metal, plastic, foam, and PCB.
Felfil Evo, the open source filament extruder for 3D printers made for makers. Ready for experimentation, it will help you save money!
The most affordable smart multi-color 3D Printer, designed for everyone, everyday use.
Materialise sculptures or even newly captured Pokemon, from plastic waste. Draw in the air with no limits – free of charge & pollution.
Control audio with movements and gestures in free space
A Professional 3D Printer for Jewelers and Dentists. Your Truly Multi-machine Synchronous, Wifi Controlled Desktop Factory.
Fraemes are the new look of iPhones. They turn your phone into a billboard to show off your style using the latest 3D printing tech.
MiniToy 3D Printer - The World’s First Kid-friendly and STEAM Ready 3D printer.
An entirely new 3D printing filament & desktop machine, to dramatically improve the surface quality of 3D printed parts
Become a part of an army of 3D printed GeMo vases that will be exhibited at 100% Design during London Design Festival 2014.
Up to 2.7 inches per hour print time, 9.5 inches tall print size, and min 37 micron XY resolution - enabled by Patent-Pending PSP Tech
The CreatorBot is the first affordable Two Color commercial grade large scale  printer that everyone can use. Create bigger prints!
The Genesis Uno and Duo 3D printer bring you large print volumes, fast speeds, and quality prints at a record-low price - X3D Machines
Ceramic porcelain resin is now available for SLA, DLP or other UV printer technology.
High performance materials available nowhere else.  Carbon Fiber PLA, High Temperature PLA, and Polycarbonate ABS with datasheets.
Learn how to program, use sensors, and micro-controllers!  Join our movement to bring high-functional prostheses to the market!
The Ingocraft construction set combines hands on making with a fun 3D modeling app, and is 3D printable for customizing your kit.
FLEKS3D makes 3D Printing EASIER, with a HIGHER SUCCESS RATE and SMOOTHER WORKFLOW
Upgrade your 3D printer to produce vibrant multi-color objects, print with support material, and create unique multi-material prints!
EinScan-S: The world's first white light desktop 3D Scanner. Fast, accurate, safe 3d scanner for creative 3D printing applications.
The Professional 3D Printer that bridges the gap between power users and consumers through intelligent sensor feedback.
Touchscreen LCD desktop 3D printer starting <$2k using LASER based tech for high speed prints, 7"x7"x9" build area, and detail.
Polyes is the first 3D printing pen with blue light and real inks.  Rapid Light-curing Technology turns your imagination into reality！
A 3D Printer so large it can print a child and has 4 x Synchronous print heads for duplicating prints.  Available fully built and DIY.
Great sounding headphones designed to be customised, repaired and upgraded. 3D print them yourself or locally via 3D Hubs.
Design and create seamless, ready-to-wear garments based on custom 3D geometries. All from your desktop. No sewing required.
BASE by Wiivv is a custom, 3D printed insole that uses a smart phone to capture your feet. Your shoes, made better with technology.
Keep your 3D printer and expand its potential. The Palette lets your 3D printer create an entirely new range of items!
Share, control & monitor multiple Robox via a network while maximising space. Teamed with a dedicated, low cost, touchscreen interface.
Meet the 3D Printer you have been waiting for, one that doesn't compromise on anything.
Doodle3D Transform is an app that makes designing in 3D easy and fun! Transform 2D drawings easily to 3D designs for your 3D printer.
An high quality, Resin-based 3D Printer, a Laser Engraver and a PCB Etching machine: all in a compact, affordable, standalone device!
Dimension Polymers has created the first professionally engineered 3D printing filament made from recycled plastic
Flexible, *Compostable Raw Materials, Heat & Cold Resistant, Competitively Priced. WillowFlex Filament - Organic Material Evolution.
Fashion designer creating her very first fully 3D printed dress inspired by space and black holes.
Handy pen to apply solder paste, bond, and fix anything for DIY board! 3D Printer tool: Digital liquid dispensing syringe + UV LED
Start using the world's 1st community based 3D filament, recycled from PET plastic waste in Tanzania with no compromise on quality
3D Printing for work, home and play. 101Hero gives everyone simple, affordable, and dependable 3D printing starting from only $49.
Customize your own message ring & bracelet in 5 seconds, anytime and anywhere!
Sweetest personalized gifts for your family & friends!
Tungsten Premium Nozzle for precise 3D print results. For abrasive and high temperature print processes where brass & steel fails.
BuzzBox is a durable enclosure designed for small format 3D printers to store tools, supplies, reduce fumes and improve print quality.
A feature-packed 3D printer with 3 printable projects, starting at $199. Everything you need to start 3D printing！
THE INEXPENSIVE FULL ALUMINUM FRAME DELTA 3D PRINTER WITH 20 MICRONS Z LAYER THICKNESS
Extrude high quality filament for your 3D printer from pellets or recycled plastic and re-fill used spools automatically.
Use a Raspberry Pi to control your 3D printer’s motors and UI! Our SDK makes it easy to add features and incorporate feedback.
Learn to design your prototype in 3D, professionally print your model, assemble multiple parts in 3D & even build your own 3D printer!
A Game-changing, High performance, Affordable, LCD-SLA 3D Printer.
A mobile open-source 3d printer that looks good and prints well !! TeeBot Is for 3D printing enthusiast who are always on the move.
The fastest Desktop 3D Printer on the planet prints 1.5 Billion Voxels in 5.5 hours on a massive 11.8 liter build volume (280x210x200)
Free online community for people who want to use 3Dponics to grow their own food, share insight and even sell what they don't use.
Reach 3D - An all-in-one 3D printer, easily modified for laser cutting engraving, plotting and light milling.
A superb Delta 3D printer: Print your large, intricate designs with confidence
The NIX... 3D Printer has a unique color blending technology for color mixing and capable of printing at hi-res upto 5 microns.
A no-compromise, high-specification 3D-Printer, High Quality, Huge build capacity, OPEN SOURCE, capable of every 3D printing material.
Help 3 Middle School students support Sea Turtle conservation through a public art installation and 3D Printing!
Draken is characterized by its large build area, 37 micron XY resolution, low noise, and high print speed
Shot in the ARM for 3D printers, CNC machines and Laser cutters running on RAMPS Controllers.
The Eleven is a new desktop 3D printer made with a 22 cm x 40 cm x 40 cm build area to create. Bigger, fully-assembled and open source.
Super conductive, easy to print, and affordable PLA based 3D printer filament.
3D Pandoras based on powder technology: Give you a colorful, affordable 3D Pandora printer. The real Full color with CMYK 3d technology
Root is an affordable, easy to use, compact desktop 3D Printer that does not limit the imagination of its users.
Sculpto is a 3D printer and app for the home - where families can create their own toys, gadgets and inventions!
gMax is a new and very large personal desktop 3D printer with an incredible 16'' x 16'' x 9'' (2,304 cubic in) build volume!
Want to upgrade your 3d printer, we have something for you: the BBP
Download or create 3D file directly from the ARMBOT and print object with high precision robotic arm technology!
A HUGE, open-source, feature-rich, networked, touchscreen Gigabot 3D printer customized around your hardware & software demands.
3D printer designed around speed and reliability. Prints more than 6X faster than leading consumer printers.
The first and only device that allows users to 3D Scan, Print, Copy, and Fax objects with a touch of a button from one device
High performance, Double exposure 3D printing. 3.8cm per hour print speed, switchable 30 or 62 micron xy resolution.
“Make Things Larger, Easier & Faster but… Spend Less.” It's a resin 3D printer with a build volume of 33x18x30 cm, designed for SOHO.
Professional Autolift retracting hot ends provide maximum print quality & performance.
5 Color/Material 3D Printer w/ liquid cooling, all metal hot ends, aluminum frame, large build area, high torque motors, & steel gears
Design your own 3D characters, choosing gender, clothing, pose and weaponry. Then download them for free and 3D print them yourself.
Replicape is a smart, silent and user friendly controller board for your 3D-printer
Add color & material capacity and reliability to your 3D Printer with our slimmer dual extruder that installs in the space of a single!
3D printer with Hi-res 0.01mm, 10+ types of filament, 7'' touch-screen, Remote control, Resume printing after power interruption
A high-resolution Kossel 3D printer prototype that uses magnetic joints for unbeatable print quality.
Redefining expectations with the first low cost large build area (15x15x15) consumer 3D printer. Change is here; accept nothing less.
Offering one of the largest 3D build volumes with multiple extrusion/materials and an outstanding print quality!
Rough-and-Tumble it's a board game for your 3d printer.
3D printer filament spool holder & storage case system for 3D printing with 360 degrees of freedom!
A 3D printer focusing on user-experience with auto loading, lego-like modeling App, remote control and high quality printing
An affordable 3D printer single nozzle hotend that provides a faster, easier and more precise method of color 3D printing
Squizmo uses 3D printing to save you time, money and the environment by emptying a tube in a single pass and resealing used ones.
An industrial grade, all metal 3D printer with heated chamber
Innovative modular Full Metal Hotend capable of printing 1.75 & 3 mm filament. Leak proof & optimized for High Performance 3D-Printing.
Feel fabulous in the bath and turn showering into an event! Join us on exploring this concept with customizable jewelry starting at $80
Free-form fabrication with easy to use 3FXtrud 3D printers with advanced features for multi-material 3D printing.
Polymakr brings to you 3 entirely new printing materials that greatly extend what you can do with your desktop 3D printer.
A premium, fully assembled all-metal hot-end capable of 300°C printing. Available in 3mm & 1.75mm. Machined and Assembled in the USA.
5 Color/Material 3D Printer with Liquid Cooling - the best quality, largest volume, fastest speed and best value for its footprint.
Cricket action in stunning 3D printed, customizable, miniature figures. Best cricket souvenir you can get this World Cup season.
Where design meets technology. Titanium rings designed, 3D printed and hand-finished in Melbourne.
The NFire 1 - The 3D Printer which evolves with you.
FLEKS3D™ Build-Plate System is the easiest way to have an uninterrupted, fluid 3D printing experience.
You should never leave your printer unattended... but you do.  This device will cut power to your printer when it senses smoke or fire.
The next generation industrial-grade, quad-extruder 3D printer: upgradeable, foldable, and prints fine detail and large volumes.
I'm creating a 3D printer that prints in clay for my ceramics degree all I need is a little bit of help.
A high performance 3D printer of exceptional quality, to satisfy the requirements of the most demanding makers & designers.
The Filament Safe is an airtight storage container that helps maintain the print quality of your favorite 3D printing filament.
A next generation assembled 3D printer that is easy to use and anyone can own. Open source. Endless possibilities !
3Ddesigns est une entreprise à laquelle je veux faire de l'impression 3D pour améliorer la vie des personnes
Help fund a working telescope for the current design is a 8 inch Newtonian telescope being constructed.
Custom-fit, automatically modeled, 3D printed, wall-adhered dock for your phone.
creating a 3D print hub for holland
waar mensen een 3D printer aan bieden voor gebruik in de regio tegen een klein prijsje!
Sapphire nozzles. Durable solution to your printer
The Goal - Extend the printing volume of the "Delta" type 3D printer  by Z-axis moving bed upgrade.
Years in 3d printing revealed no low cost linear motion modules, and no modules designed for Delta systems. My goal is to fix that!
Every King Needs  A Crown
An Online 3D printing marketplace website that is connected with Local 3D printing services and local people with 3D Printers!
PlastaPrint3D is a professional, precise, robust and easy to use 3D Printer, suitable for every kind of work.
Using 3-D printer technology, Daisy Fit makes custom breast prostheses accessible and affordable to all Cancer survivors.
Our company is Rhodeo Enterprises, we are a start-up company in the 3d printing field. Currently aiming to expand our business.
Ein guter und günstiger DLP 3D-Drucker von INPRO FIRST GmbH.
If you back this project you will learn how to make your own CNC-machine as cheap as possible.
I'm all about making affordable replacement parts and fun creations. Thanks everyone for your support!!!!
After interest in FORM5 by investors...here we are again, to continue reforming prosthetics with 3D Printing! This time with a twist!
The Makers Club at our high school is about 2 months old and we have students that are interested in working with a 3D printer.
Conceptualiz has made 3D printing more accessible to doctors.
Arianeplast 3D printers filaments ASA Uv resistant, Glitters PLA, PLA, ABS, present the Laser Marking Filament
I've discovered a niche in the 3D printing industry for replicating rare/unavailable automobile parts.
LAST DAY!!!!Creating a 3D Printable Tyrannosaurus Rex that can be used by everyone.
The Makeraser is a multitool to smooth, remove or improve 3D prints, and Makelastic can rubberize them too!
Hybrid CNC can: 3d Print, be a CNC machine, and even laser  engrave. MASSIVE BUILD VOLUME
A cost-effective, high-quality 3D Printer with proven reliability that allows enthusiasts to get started easily. Prices start at $249
Create a printable 3D model of any object using only a depth camera and a web browser!
Filastic is the flexible material you've been waiting for.  Simple, Reliable, and Safe, all for a pledge of $55.
Madeup is a programming language for teaching computer science. But it's not "Hello, world." Learners code up shapes and print them.
SINTERHARD  FILLED 3D Printer Filaments for printing Small Quantities of Industrial  Metal or Ceramic Parts that can be sintered hard
It's affordable, small, lightweight, and unique.  It's a 3D printer in a class all its own!
A 3D printing material storage solution that protects 3D printing filament from moisture during and between prints.
The Science STEM Club at Nautilus Middle School has eager students that are excited to get their hands on a real 3D printer.
A new tool dedicated to 3D printing and DIY to bring together more plastic filaments.
Fully Plug & Play (also dual extruders, Ethernet & WiFi, onboard camera, smartphone & tablet control, exclusive refillable cartridges)
A 3D Printing Buyer's Guide for the first time buyer by a first time buyer
Design and order a customised 3D printed keychain. Let it 3DPRINT by us or choose to download your personalised STL file.
Publish and package for purchase online an introductory 3D design and printing curriculum suitable for students of all ages.
Transform any flat surface into a 3D multitouch surface to control your computer, TV, or any other screen.
Make & See Free 3D. Use 2 GoPros - Simple to make 3D Videos & Pics. Ez 2c 3D Viewers will help you show friends and family
Heated 3D tool with interchangeable tips designed to finish, repair and modify 3D printed parts.
Mostfun Pro is a reliable, Plug&Print with Intel Inside FDM desktop 3D printer.
Getting a 3D printer to experiment, innovate, and explore 3D printing and 3D printed prosthetics... to give to kids like me.
A 3D printed pneumatic motor that uses a low friction Rolamite piston. This is a proof of concept prototype.
3-in-1 Fractal Wheel CVT, Bearing Motor and Electric Generator-Extracted from new quantum field science, and  answers ancient mysteries
Hi, my name is Kevin Chang and I am hoping to raise enough money in order to fund a 3D Printer so I can start a club at my school.
it's a tutorial for everyone can made 3D printer and understand how it works ,it show in video how to assembly and where buy components
We are certified clinicians trying to develop a method to make 3D printed orthotic and prosthetic devices accessible to our patients.
Rybki Baits ( polish word for swimming fish) Creating new line of fishing lures and baits using 3d printing technology
A affordable mass produced Filament Extruder.
3D Printing the Future - The Exhibition at the Museum of Science & Industry in Tampa, FL.
LazeeEye upgrades your smartphone for use as a 3D camera, using a laser illuminator hardware add-on and a stereo vision processing app.
Biomechanical Robotics Group was founded with the vision of creating lower cost and highly functional prostheses.
Introducing the First Lifelike 3D Photo Figurine Studio in the U.S. - Greater Boston Area
Un Museo Virtual donde se expondrán las réplicas virtuales 3D de objetos del patrimonio cultural y natural de México
An intuitive plug & play device beautifully designed to bring you a productive and painless 3D printing experience.
Easy to learn 3D design software for 3D printing, animation, and game creation using a block based programming language.
3D Print creative things with edible materials as well as PLA, ABS, wood, bio-rubber, nylon, bronze, ceramics and silicon! All in one!
Enhance your 3D printer toolbox: 3D print with filaments made from Essemplex, a shape memory material!
PolyShaper is the first polystyrene 3D precison cutter with the support of CNC machines.
The Origin is a professional grade 3-D printer at a consumer friendly price. The next generation of innovative freedom begins here.
3D Printed hobbyist hand kit with endless possibilities!  Learn about microcontrollers, programming and hardware.
I want to  raise funds to buy a decent 3D Printer, and start creating crafts and arts, and even toys. i want to create awesome things.
Limitless is the most advanced automated multi-tool on the market with the most attachments and capabilities you can get!
Minichua lets you customize dog 3D models at will, have them 3D printed and delivered anywhere in the world.
Project Utilizes 3d Printing and Scanning of Family, Friends, Pets etc. Making them into handheld 3D sculptures for Touch Recognition.
Funds go toward 3D printing equipment for educational lessons and demonstrations, as part of my senior project, for school.
3D Personal Scanner taking pictures at same time with up to 60 IOS devices. Mobile, wireless and for less then 18.000 €
$ 29 3D Printed Custom Insoles with Superior Durability and Easy Maintenance for all Foot Problems
The world first USB-Ring created by 3D printer. Memories, romance, family, career, everything is linked together and remain in this ele
SKYPEN is the first dual color 3D Pen removes annoying supports easily from 3D printer molds and offers incredible price, $19.0.
An affordable and easy to use 3D printer that will bring the joy of creativity seamlessly into any household.
A Project to allow people to have access to 3d printing without the cost of a printer.
The stylish CoLiDo 3D Pen maximizes the SAFETY in use. Everyone can handle the pen easily and let your drawing stand.
3d cart filament storage
A Small, Light Mini Printer you can hold in your hand and fit on your desk.
Boffles.com is the new Global Marketplace for 3D printer files. The new "App Store" of 3D print files and a huge online 3D community.
Let us develop and produce: Cubr3. The first device that will butter/spread your bread .. simple
Finally, a print head worth buying!
A sequence of your own DNA strand will be set directly into your sculpture and cast in solid metal forever!
The first 3D food printer kitchen appliance creating fresh savory and sweet dishes. Foodini - changing the way the world prepares food.
Sedgwick™ is a low cost 3D DLP Printer, perfect for the Hobbyist or Educator.
3D Printing the rarest fossils in the world! 3D Printing terrain! Simulating fluid movement in fracking! 3D Printing Geoscience!
FINAL DAYS!!! The cheapest 3D printing service out there. Pay ONLY for the filament used, starting at $1 or less per gram!
We plan to distribute a FULL educational 3D printer program which includes a 3D printer, materials, and a curriculum for High Schoolers
#Designing to help educate Missouri Students
This is an attempt to make 3D prints affordable and available for any and all who need them while revolutionizing the products today!
3D Printers are either small or expensive, the Thingy Bot 3D Printer is a fully-assembled, low cost, large printer for everyone.
Developing the leading digital library of 3D-printable manipulatives for K-12 STEM education backed with vetted curriculum
A fun and inspiring series of nonprofit camps blending Science, Technology, Engineering & Mathematics (STEM). Help us get a 3D printer!
A printing process that allows Blind people to "see" (their words) art & photography.
Im just a young man with a head full of useful designs and a dream of owning a Ultimaker2. I know its not potato salad but I have faith
We are on a quest to 3D laser engrave uniquely designed wood and glass pieces for collectors of the unusual
The Zion16 is a quiet, affordable, and large scale 3D Printer that can take your ideas to new limits.
Saving the world from plastic, one spool of 3D-printer filament at a time.
Plug & Print
Delta kinematics
Aluminum structure
Open source
Evolutive
Customizable
Made in France
We produce all-natural, nontoxic and 100% compostable plastics for 3D printing in a carbon dioxide neutral way.
Turn 3D data from a ~$100 handy scanner into professional, high res. data worth tens of thousands of dollars like magic.
VITALY 3D printed customizable sunglasses: have fun mixing colors of frames, lenses, temples and IMPRINT them with the name you want!
Imagine swapping in/out a 3D printing attachment like you would any end mill for your CNC ... You've just created the ultimate Hybrid!
GAIA Multitool gives you ultimate creation freedom. It can 3D print from ceramics, mill, engrave, cut and draw. All in one device.
I am building a 10' x 5' x 2' 3D machine to do both additive and subtractive builds for a variety of materials to make it "Life-size".
Now available as a retrofit option for existing 3D printers for just $250/£165
SHRED-Buddy3D UPcycler turns bottles, leftover filament bits & fishing line into pellets for 3D printing.
Get Daily Lesson Plans via SmartPhone and Teach using 5 minute videos about Science and Engineering. Wow your Students!
The Apple Watch Is The King of The Smart Watch Category. And Every King Needs A Crown.
Scalar M & XL: 2 modular affordable 3D printers. A medium (M) and a big one (XL). Scalable and solid. By 3DMS
IS A WALK INSIDE  THE HUMAN BODY POSSIBLE? IT IS NOW- SUPPORT US AND SEE HOW YOU ARE BUILT!
Schokostruder is a Print-Head which converts a 3D-Printer into a Chocolate/Honey/Ceramic/Resin/Wax Liquid Printer!
With the introduction of modularity, OmniMaker solves the problem of obsolescence and lack of versatility in rapid prototyping machines
RAPPY is a DC motor powered 3D printer equipped with position feedback control system that no other 3D printer in its category has.
A new roller skate that lets you wear your own shoes. No bindings necessary. Handheld poles activate built-in braking.
Customizable Fully Assembled HotEnds 
Multi Color Printing + Auto Bed Leveling 
for Everyone
Manufactured and Assembled 
in EU
This 3D Printer will help me make prototypes of knives before they are made out of metal allowing for customizable knives for everyone.
A 3D printer that can replicate itself, scale by printing its own volume upgrades, and every thing you'd expect from a 3D printer
Ever wanted a mini you, in 3D? Well now you can have it! With a mobile scanning unit that travels the UK's hottest gigs and events.
X-FORCE 3D printer with an incredible 400 x 400 x 400 (mm) build volume
I currently run a small, low-cost 3D Printing company in Australia, however I wish to expand the capabilities of my company!
American Ambient Technology has developed and patented a method to provide underwater 3D mapping.
3D Printing Workshops & Kits for Kids. Educating kids about 3D printing through hands-on events and colorful do it yourself kits.
Tungsten Premium Nozzle for precise 3D print results. For abrasive and high temperature print processes where brass & steel fails.
Objecti5 is trying to open its first 3D printing store. For just $5 get a 3D printed dice. For $18 get a custom phone case.
Kitbashing a Saturn 1B on your 3D Printer.
Gala is the 3D Printer that everyone must have! Gala is Smart, easy to use, fully-featured and affordable.
I have designed a small functional snow blower attachment for RC vehicles and I need help funding its production!
With a sleek design, unique technology and $499 (£299) price, Candy is the state-of-the-art confectionery 3D printer made for everyone.
Through the latest in cutting edge 3d printing and scanning technologies we bring you your very first 3d selfie.
Affordable, easy to use & fun for the whole family, Poieo3D prints solid objects out of plastic right in your home, school, or office
TeamPlastics
Who are we?
We are a collective of bicycle enthusiasts who are looking to revolutionize the bicycle industry.
The solution for monitoring & cutting power to any electrical device including 3D printers, lights & more.
Become a 3D printing artist thanks to this ultra fast, super precise and multimaterial machine that is a masterpiece itself.
The 1st 3D Printer that is Simple to use, Customize-able, Affordable, & Packed with Features, this transforms concepts to 3D objects.
Precino gives a opportunity for cheap 3D print for everyone. We are providing a 3D modelling service too!
An improved heated bed for the UP! Mini Printer to improve the quality of prints whilst minimising warm up time and frustration
Help Andiamo use 3D-printing and design to revolutionise treatment for disabled children.
A cutting edge 3D scan/printed vehicle build. An 8000km endurance tour from Toronto to Los Angeles and back. One epic final tour video.
Ever wanted a mini you, in 3D? Well now you can have it! With a mobile scanning unit that travels the UK's hottest gigs and events.
Based on the Replicator 1, Titan 3D Printer has additional 100mm height.
My ambition is to make a website dedicated to showing you how you can build your own extremely cheap 3D printer with basic tools.
Promote teamwork and education for children by introducing them to the world of 3D printing in my community.
This Pivot Ramp swivels from left to right, offering ultimate control, maximum maneuverability, safety and convenience.
An engineering student with a huge passion for 3D printing, hoping to bring a new brand of affordable filament to the maker community!
A premium all aluminum, 20 minute assembly, upgrade to peristaltic pump - UV composite extruder or clay/food/milling/CNC match hole.
One Machine, 4 function: thanks to the modular headtool system you will have a personal FabLab on your desk.
High cost-performance, Fastest, Highest accuracy SLA-DLP 3D Printer

Max 3.8 inches / hour print speed, Up to 25 micron XY resolution
Enable Middle school students to create their visions and bring imagination to life.  Imagination-> Sketches ->  Autodesk-> Real Life!!
Precision bed leveling, stage zeroing, filament condition monitoring+ spindle alignment, speed & backlash monitoring
Affordable, engaging, and instructional 3D-manipulatives backed with vetted, interdisciplinary curriculum. 
Keywords: school, education
New Standard in Quality, Value and Environmental Awareness. Improves Puerto Rico's economy by giving jobs to young  professionals.
With its Unique Design, combined w Cold, Hard Aluminum, the revolutionary new HD^2 will bring a new definition to the words Heavy Duty.
An affordable high-resolution open source 3D printer for consumers, professional artists and industrial designers.
Wayne's 3D Printing Emporium designs, prints and ships 3D printed objects using a Da Vinci 1.0 printer.
Poeple are full of creativity! Help us fund a 3D Printer and get your own copy of a customized object from children and people we visit
We are creating an environment that changes the way consumers are able to affordably create, share, and enjoy professional 3D prints.
I have designed an amazing RC snow blower but I can improve it with everything I have learned to make it an even better product!
Getting hands on with the rarest fossils in the world! 3D printing delicate and precious fossils is the gateway for future education!
We are developing a low cost inserts for 3D cell cultures.  We are hoping to make 3D cell cultures more common.
Very interesting little toys  for Student / Children / DIYer
A "Remote Direct Drive" extruder designed for FDM 3D Printers of all shapes and size.
Develop a company to design, repair and create new drones or to replace broken parts via 3D technology. Teach area students this skill.
CMM's are highly accurate measuring machines, but can struggle with holding small or light components, I want to change that.
Andrea & Jack have been designing custom eye frames. Their frames are hand crafted, highly stylized and very popular.
Fully customized mouth guards for extreme sports. Not just for the top level professional, but also available for amateur sports
Let's 3D print bicycle light. Battery free !
Imprimons des lumières de vélo en 3D, sans batterie !
More than a 3D printing pen, the 3DSimo Mini prints, solders, burns and cuts.
The 3D Printer Shield is a low cost solution for increasing print quality, by utilizing an enclosed print environment.
New method for 3D Printing using Continuous Wire-feed Metal Deposition
Clean Strands™  is the first in-depth testing and certification of emissions from 3D printing filament!
SHRED-Buddy3D UPcycler turns leftover filament bits bottles & fishing line into pellets for 3D printing.
Professional-grade consumer 3D printer with integrated flexible material extrusion and dual-head extrusion capability.
The Next Best Thing in 3D Printing | A simple, user-friendly 3D Printer that offers wireless printing for easy use.
3D print chocolate from your own 3D printer!
This is real 3D video and should never be viewed as 2D like in our video, but the internet can't play real 3D video yet.
StrongArm is the Industrial-level 3D printer which can fulfill all your requirement. Suitable for professional and newbie user.
Fully Developed and tested 3D Printing materials to widen the possibilities of design, invention and art!
A high-quality, cost-effective, aesthetic 3D printer that allows enthusiasts to get up and running quickly!
Our full enclosure will increase print quality, eliminate drafts, and reduce noise. Colored panels will allow you to customize your Bot
High-quality 3D printing doesn't have to come at a high price.
You can print state-of-the-art 3D models for less than $500!
Never worry about dry running your 3D printer again.  RhinoSmart will pause the print if printer runs out of filament or there is a jam
The 3D device and tool-set you will fall in love with!
D3 Techware – Kiosks aimed at bringing Houston, Dallas, and Austin a Fun, Creative, and Fully Customized 3D Printing Experience
As a result of me undertaking year 12 at my school I set out to make FPV cheap and accessible to all as part a long term project.
Creating a large print volume, highly accurate and reliable 3D printer that can also be used as a laser etcher and light mill.
The Dough Cannon mounts on a 3D printer so you can print food, like bread and cookies.  It is an electric pump for food and dough.
3D printer Boosterpack that will be able to run 3 extruders and the cartesian axes using TI MSP430 LP
With the funds we will design and create a full sized wearable Iron Man suit. This will be done using 3D printing technology.
The Thingystock 3D Printer is a fully printable, open source delta style printer with an expandable build volume.
What if everybody makes his own energy right at home with 3D printed turbines made of plastic waste?
An economical, high speed, 3D printing filament winding solution.
Melding the most advanced technology and the most elegant design to precision brew your favorite coffee one cup at a time.
A customisable 3D printed truly unique lampshade with your own personal pictures.
Imagine , Design, create !! Your World print .
A reversible roller clutch ratchet designed for additive manufacturing.
Primary color filament doesn't cut it for wife & kid gifts. Custom PLA requires 300 spool minimums, so share the cost & get new COLORS!
CubeForme offers a fun and easy way for anyone to experience the ingenuity of 3D printing through a monthly feature of designers.
Make My Mini's 3D Design Lab Software and Online Community will simplify and reinvent the process of designing models for 3D printing.
The buyer chooses a sun-glass template, then modifies it to their liking. I print it on a 3-D printer, then ship it out!
The best virtual reality design and presentation tool. Smart, affordable, and easy-to-use. Much more than a rendering engine.
3D printer built with the least amount of parts, improving reliability, reducing price. Our unique rotating bed is revolutionary!
Turn your digital pictures into silicone moulds and pour the most personal chocolate you have ever seen.
Use F-Electric ultra-conductive 3D Printing Filament to integrate electromechanical capabilities inside your 3D printed objects.
This controller will give you the ability to turn your CNC machine into a very robust 3d printer with a foot print as big as your CNC!
The Parfait Printing technique - 3D print multicolor prints with single extruder printers. Help us develop and learn to design.
The printer is supplied as a kit that is assembled by anyone who wants to learn STEM Technology. The printer comes with a 5 day course.
A full spectrum filament colorizing system for ANY FDM Printer.  Easy to use, Fast and inexpensive to own.
Dual and Quad 3D-Extruder for 4 materials/colors/nozzle sizes
with a patented, drip free and self-cleaning automatic hotend.
Modular top-down laser tool for SLA 3D printing and wood engraving. Unparalleled 3D print quality; includes optional resin wiper blade.
Do you have a great concept or idea?  Sketch a design, scan to 3D, sculpt the model, 3D print, export, share, & store your creations!
Turning ingame models into real world objects.
Help us develop and launch first rocket with 3D-printed rocket engine
3D printing has never been easier - all the incredible features are now just at your fingertips !
Every kid deserves a toy. This kickstarter aims to provide children in need with a plethora of brand new, 3D printed toys.
The "Build Your Own 3D Printer Tour" is designed to offer our 3D printer workshops to the Midwest region of the United States.
Kits 4 ages 7+
RoboGuts Intelligent Content for 3D Printing Educational Robot Projects - Talking, Singing & Dancing Robot Projects ...
Repair your SLA printer by yourself. DruckWege's solution: ReCoat DIY kit. Together, we can make SLA printing more affordable.
The Spatial One is a multi nozzle & multi material Delta 3D printer engineered & tested to deliver robust & repeatable 3D prints.
First 3d printer that can be assembled without fasteners. Modular Design, Customizable, Large build volume, Stand Alone.
3D Printing should be easy, the Q system gives you a great printer with amazing design software for a great price.
This Breakout Shield for RAMPS 1.4 is a drop-in upgrade for 3D Printers who utilize a RAMPS 1.4 controller board.
Why today's 3D printing need not to be OLDFASHIONED, BORING, SLOW and LABOR-INTENSIVE.
GustaVino is a versatile Gaudi inspired modular wine rack, that can be reproduced in any 3D printer.
This is a 3d printing company created by a father and a son, all we need is the money to buy a better printer
A lightweight 3D printer head with 3 nozzles which can be used with every PC watercooler and almost any 1.75mm filament.
A New Technology that allows old and new 3D Printers to become WiFi enabled for simple streamlined printing!
The First Fast 3D Printer creates objects at the incredible speed of 1cm per minute at high resolutions and totally affordable.
MIT Launch allows high school students to start real companies during the school year through an after-school club.
Forgeforms the first Ondemand 3D printing service making high quality 3D printing affordable for everyone.
Once you go Glass you never go back. Now you can go to Gyms and Movies without fear once you SHIELD the camera bringing comfort to all.
4 functions: CNC Mill, Laser PCB, Laser Engraving, and Dual Head 3-D Printer all in one machine.
Design & 3D-print plastic case meeting OEM limits & DOT regs which if knocked off SUV will not leak gas. Co-fund w/50% PA state grant.
3D Printer | Electronic: Baboi Box
Baboi board is one of the most compatible 3D Electronic board in the reprap community.
Bringing Giant Lego(R) Minifigs to life!!!!
Fully customized mouth guards for extreme sports. Not just for the top level professional, but also available for amateur sports.
The Thingybot Delta 3D Printer is an easy to use, high precision, high resolution 3D printer for professionals and hobbyists!
I believe 3D printing is the future and would like to delve into the wonderful world of DIY prototyping.
TOPEEDOBOT affordable, light weight, silent, wifi enabled all metal 3D printer, Precise and easy to use for all. YES it is fold-able :)
Get the IoT relay for safe high-power home automation or industrial use. Durable and reliable. Connects to any micro. Priced right.
Desktop 3D printer.
A high quality, inexpensive, and easy to build 3D printer for the beginner and professional alike.
Create an effective 3D printing solution for large scale printings, combining materials and techniques at best cost.
To bring 3D printing technology into everyone's home by building a low cost high quality large build area 12.4x12.4x12.4.
The affordable 3d printer/laser cutter / engraver for the maker, artist and hobbyist.
The Mondrian is a compact, robust and highly customisable RepRap 3D printer (open-source and self-replicating)
Dual nozzle 3D Printer. Print in over 8 different materials with massive enclosed12"x9"x8" build volume and air filtration!
I'm an 11 year old boy trying to raise money for a 3D printer & software in exchange for 3D printed models.
Universal Maker cabinet. Perfect for 3D printers, model makers, small CNC machines and open frame Bitcoin Miners.
Through the fabrication of custom-fit prosthetics and braces, we are able to provide drastically improved mobility to maimed animals.
The Crown Is Here
The ARC-one is a large format, next-generation 3D printer with smarter tech, Find out more @ www.Arcadian3D.com
OwnFone is the world's first 2D/3D printed mobile phone that just calls the numbers you need. It's small, light and customizable!
The Mano-Matic is an extremely affordable, fully functional Bionic hand that was developed for those in need.
I design LED helmet light kits for pro racers. They keep asking to get more advanced and I need a chance to do so.
100% recycled 3D Printing filament from Automotive, Commercial and Home Electronic plastic streams. Quality rABS, rPET, rHIPs and rPLA
We aim to buy a 3d printer and start a little Italian company that 3d prints phone covers and accessories at low cost.
A growing 3d printing company in Green Bay that is looking to upgrade its design and printing capabilities.
With this controller one can now switch seamlessly between CNC milling and 3D printing. This controller has all the I/O's for both!
3Doppelganger is a project that is seeking to upgrade from Hi-Res manual scanners to a Hi-Res 3D photography booth.
Projet de Fablab (atelier de fabrication numérique) en zone rurale.  dossier de présentation http://labtop.syv.fr/
The Bunker is a smart filament storage system.
It monitors your usage and keeps you informed with a mobile app. |m3d|cetus|olo|tiko|
The Snail Scoop will simplify the process of removing pest snails from your aquarium, one scoop at a time!
Polymer adhesive designed for fixation of the print during 3D-printing. Suitable for tabletop 3D-printers, can be used on a hot or cold
Our aim is to create the first low-budget SLS 3D printer, finally affordable for small design studios.
I love to inspire my science students with technology.  3D printers are expensive, but how do you put a price on inspiration. INSPIRE!
3D Filament is sensitive to moisture absorption so we created a storage system that keeps your filament dry while you print.
Help us take our technology courses from showing videos about 3d printing to getting hands on experience with this wonderful technology
Ever wanted a 3D printed bust of yourself? Well now you can have it! A mobile 3D scanning unit that comes to you!
Printing Beyond Paper
We want to create a prototyping lab accesable for everybody, a makerlab containing CNC machines 3d-printers and other awesome stuff
We want to give open-sourced and self replicating 3D printers to underfunded schools to allow students to create their own 3d objects.
By using a 3D Printer I will be matched with those in need to create Prosthetics through e-NABLE.
I want to build 4 3D printers for Tsunami struck areas in Indonesia, to print household items there and teach the locals to 3D print.
SMOOTHE insures you get the best 3d prints. And looks as if it were manufactured, not printed.
 What Will You Recreate?
Always searching for the light switch at night? Can't seem to locate them? These glow in the dark covers may be what you need!
Let's give the 2007-2016 JK Jeep Wrangler's a little face-lift before the new generation is released in 2018.
Provide access to a full production 3D printing lab to reduce violence in Chicago and improve STEM education programming
This Kickstarter is to fund a program that will teach people how to CAD(design), Slice their models, and 3d print them.
The All-In-One 3D printing starter kit for beginners with easy-to-use 3D designing platform, tutorials, materials and finishing tools!
Pingo3D is all about bringing you high-quality 3D printing at an affordable price.
i have found a 100% proof pla warp free solution.
2 part spray straight onto a glass non heated build platform
with easy removal
A company based around the idea of only supplying you with the parts you can't 3D print.
Revolutionary online network of engineers enhancing creative designs of others and unlimited file sharing for 3D printed designs.
Ever wish you could turn a single extruder into many? Well now you can have 7 in one!
I want to create a more artistic and significantly less expensive alternative to costly prosthetics for children and veterans
We created perfect ocean-like atmosphere in a form of waterless aquarium with custom 3D printed habitat inside high impact glass.
Access to 3D printers without the $4,000 price tag.
The world's first 3D model stock. Download 3d printable models and earn money from your own 3d projects.
Imagine it Search it Print it
With your help we will create this device that saves water in toilets.
Dispositivo que ahorra 100% agua.
DARKY is the first ever machine that uses PolyShaper™ technology and is also a 3D printer.
Preserving memories and remembering loved ones, celebrating a wedding or new baby. You can freeze a moment in time with 3D printing.
The L2S is designed to last with all aluminium and stainless steel components. Tons of features and a patent pending vat system.
Create Accessible 3D Printing Storefront to Provide 3D Printing Equipment, Supplies, Services, and Educational Classes.
Print-A-Part3d.com, an innovative 3d parts e-commerce site.  The "killer app" and next logical step in the 3d printer market.
Hi, my name is Jörn. I would like to create a delta 3D printer that is precise and pretty cheap, wich also will be open source.
I want to Purchase a Co2 Laser Engraver  and make personalized wood/leather/nylon   and other items for resale over the internet
3D Mini Me Models....of you. Get yourself scanned and 3D printed!
Purchase 3D scanning equipment, website set up and launch, operations cost. We'll scan everything we possibly can to add to the library
Wanting to get a 3D printer to build parts and items to help others in their endeavors. With this I hope to start a business.
Creator Kits is the next step in 3d printing. Printed parts at home plus added hardware to build amazing things.
A robotic lightweight hand, for amputees, that is controlled by your mind and is cost effective.
FULLMETAL 3D PRINTER - printing in copper, aluminum, etc...
no ugly clay mix, true solid metal prints of almost any model
fast and easy bulk filament storage
Original 3d scanner for scanning any objects and converting them to any popular formats (.3ds, .3dm, .obj, .blend, .c4d)
Aider une équipe d'ingénieurs mécaniciens souhaitant développer des drones équipés d'imprimantes 3D et en faire une startup.
Pato's is an online hobby store that needs funding for advertising and startup costs. We sell tech toys such as 3D printers and drones.
Redefining the manufacturing  industry through 3D printing. CloudPrint is an open source factory designed for the 21st Century.
Need to fund a new design for 3D Design/Scan/Print Kiosk. 
The basic design is a new easy to use 3D design and print station.
3DPrintClean filtration systems enable 3D printing in PLA, ABS, HIPS, Nylon, and other media, without external ventilation.
Skills development on 3D printing, Internet of things, Cloud computing and BIG Data
The iBox Macro 3D Carbon Fiber Resin Printer. Print in carbon fiber resin and get the benefits of resin with the strength of steel.
Solar powered 3D printing.  Father of 4 starting a new lead.  Five printers to go to meet my goal. Made in the Untited State
Queremos hacer una impresora 3D con arduino, para utilizar en un colegio y así implementar las nuevas tecnologías a la educación!
I want to design and perfect the 3D printed yoyo.
I am creating a Mobile 3D Printing trailer and plan to travel and teach building and programming 3D printers, electronics, and IT.
This is a full (12) lessons for Robotics and Robotic Design. Kit will include materials for the 3D print and work through each axis.
Het doel van de workshop is het kennismaken met 3Dprinten. Als u de workshop heeft gevolgd bent u klaar om zelf uw ontwerpen te printen
Let's revolutionize the healthcare industry by providing affordable, bioprinted organs in a realistic time frame.
The party tool, cigar splitter Beer shotgun tool and a bottle opener !! All in one !
With the advent of small, affordable UAV platforms and related map algorithms, the precise shape of any land can be known, right now.
A 3D printer that melts down and repurposes the world's plastic, glass, metal, concrete, and other solid waste, into new products.
L'investissement pour créer et pour produire les pièces de chaque modèle est de l'ordre de 4K€, il y a plus de 20 modèles.
Goal: to make this vital tech available to everyone; to that end me (philosophy major) and a friend in computer science started GIB-FBG
3D Printing, Solar Power, IPhone of Solar, Innovation. Magnetic Spin, Air Cooled. Concentrated Photovoltaics, Light Trapping, Solar Tre
A place where youths can learn how to create from start to finish 3d printing process. EX. inventions,projects,art,fun ideas
Development & publishing of a template design pack for testing and advancing over unity analysis for permanent magnet generator designs
Pay just the cost to print and ship. No extra fees!!!
Imprimante 3d a partir d'une plateforme Arduino
Connect your 3D printer to a simple, powerful online interface called Skyforge. It's a better way to print.
Renegade recycles plastic, replacing costly filaments. We have relaunched without shipping fees, find us here: http://kck.st/2aspJA0
Help us take the first pressure controlled 3D printer into production so everyone can enjoy easy, high quality and quiet 3D printing.
3Digify turns your cameras and projector into a professional 3D-scanner. Your pledge allows providing essential features for free!
Come hungry and inexperienced, leave full with a 3D printed product you designed and printed yourself through our instructive dinners!
3D4C  The first CMYK 3D color printer
Nüdel is an online evolutionary making system that allows community members to create and order custom construction kits
Turn children's drawings into unique 3D printed toys with MOYUPI. It's easy, safe and fun!
The First Direct Pellet Printhead Available To Enable Large Format 3D Printing On Any CNC Machine, Using Low Cost Pellets
The slim, streamlined, biodegradable, pocket-sized computer case for the ubiquitous $5 Raspberry Pi Zero single-board computer.
3D printing. Redefined. Produce, recycle and customize outstanding quality 3D printing filament.
In 2013, we developed a 3D pizza printer for NASA. Now it's YOUR turn to enjoy a slice of the future! Pre-order your space pizza today!
I am going to create a recycling program for 3d printer waste and kick start it with this project.
As this field becomes more refined and fully commercialized, its perplexing that there is little priority placed on consumer education
The Infinity-Box makes 3D printing as easy as pushing a button. It comes with a database of STL files and works with most 3D printers.
A safe, fun and educational way for kids to express their creativity.
An affordable 3D printer for kids
Your personal assistant in 3D printing: Manages multiple printers, inside slicing and safeguards systems of the printing
The World's First Adjustable Resolution Print Head!
Get professional-quality builds and get them fast from this patent-pending 3D printer.
The social network who allows you to order in your favorites shops and restaurants from your smartphone, and be delivered 30' later.
The BOLT MINI is an affordable, high quality, all-metal, open source 3D-printer with a 200x200x200mm build area.
A RFID shielded super slim wallet and multi-tool. Packed full of maker tool goodness.
Support the creation of a 3D Printing online training academy. Teaching the latest in 3D Printing, 3D Scanning and 3D Designing.
Doodle Dream, the first real aesthetic-designed, affordable and easy to use 3D printer. Make Anyone can run 3D printer immediately.
The RappiDelta Jr. is a low component count 3d printer, no belts, bearings or pulleys meaning low cost and high reliability.
The doughnut dock! A universal phone stand, fitting most modern phones, perfect for work and play too!
U-Print 3D is a new way to bring 3D concepts to reality. Allowing you to have high quality 3D prints without owning a 3D printer.
3D Printing is expensive..It doesn't have to be!
A small, 3D-Printed holder for your glasses that will look stylish as well as keeping your extra eyes safe.
Ultra-Realistic Inflating Costumes & Masks!
3D Designed & Endorsed by Industry Professionals! 
Anyone can afford hollywood SPeffects!
Ever wanted a mini you, in 3D? Well now you can have it! A mobile 3D scanning unit that comes to you!
Fuels imagination as a new standard in quality and performance. Will improve Puerto Rico's economy by giving jobs to local people.
Activ8 is a standalone touchscreen device that can be attached to and operate practically any 3D printer.
Large scale 3D printers based on the widely popular RepRap Mendel. Reliable and durable printers in 3 sizes.  Pre-assembled or kits.
Tungsten Premium Nozzle for precise 3D print results. For abrasive and high temperature print processes where brass & steel fails.
More than a 3D Printer - Model, Scan, Print with the Lionhead™ and Li™
You have an idea for something, but no way to make it real? I want to help YOU make a prototype.
Easy Pill Cutter
Rigid3D is all about bringing you high-quality high precision 3D printing with the ability to create most life size object in one piece
Empower your creativity with this revolutionary muti-function 3D Printer/ Laser Engraver / Paste\Food Extruder
we are a fairly new company developing into new roles. We are also large supporters of the dead drop movement
The most awesome tea and laser house experience you will ever have!
A 3D printer that is easy to use, fast and clean using very high resolution STL technology. Turn on, load print job, and go!
A 3D-printed, filterless, saltwater purifier, powered by light and gravity, which converts the oceans of the world into drinkable water
A desktop 3D Creation Center with a filament Auto-Loading 3D printer and a LEGO-like designing software, with an affordable price.
Crafted Labs is a store that will help facilitate creativity, offering 3D Printing, Laser-Engraving and an atmosphere of education.
The Highest Quality 3D Machine on the Market! 

Realize Any Dream! 

High Resolution FDM/CNC/Laser Capable of .02MM Precision!
The next step for revolutionizing 3D printing.
Imagine if your body no longer functioned, but your mind did. How would you create and distribute your music?
I want to build a drone ship on the design of the Comitatus ship. 3D printers and plenty of mind power can bring this off the ground.
3DFormer is the world's only 3D pen adopted in the classroom arts education for 2.5+ hours non-stop drawing - no frustration!
3d printer kits are too difficult for many, fully built are too expensive. Modular design puts RepRap in any hand that desires them!
Our Goal is to achieve 0% of Styrofoam/polystyrene going to landfill and therefore being recycled through our machines.
A UPS that re-charges itself via ambient WIFI & radio waves. One of the few that surpasses a 100 watts output for practical purposes.
Free 3D Printed fun hands 4 Kids.  Funding will pay for printing, shipping + a dedicated 3D Printer.   Distributed by E-Nable
I have been planning this project for 6 months now, I have all the cad, I just need £60 to be able to buy the printer, Please help out
All in one ...Change tool...Change design... Reinvent your job...
It is designed for professionals and hobbyists ...
Project Onyx, Humans augmented with technology to fight the battles others won't. Humanity has finally united, but against what?
We have now left kickstarter , please read updates for details, follow this link http://shop.auroralabs3d.com/collections/all
Simple V1 is a specially designed filament extruder for your RepRap community.
Root is an affordable, easy to use, compact desktop 3D Printer that does not limit the imagination of its users.
im wanting to buy a 3d printer to lean to use,but also to learn with, and just see what im able to create!
Just finishing up the design of this 3D Model Painter. It will bring your printed models to life with amazing detail.
A high end multi-material 3D liquid jet printer. Print circuit boards, flexible materials, and full color.
SmartBox is the lowest cost 3D printer with a large building space and an LCD screen, which is easy to use and afford for everyone.
Simple V2 is a specially designed filament extruder for your RepRap community.
World’s first low temp. FDM filament for 3D pen/printer, with specially engineered 3D pen.  Making 3D drawing/printing much safer now.
An affordable, high-resolution 3D pen that everyone can enjoy!
Possibly of making gifts is endless. Statue or doll of your loves one, a pet, a kid, baby or a friend will be a hit with all ages.
Think it, Design it, place it, build it, 3D IT!
I have designed a 300 x 300 x 300mm build volume 3d printer that can be built for less than $500.
My name is Django. I am a 15 year old boy and i would like to give my school a MakerBot Replicator Desktop 3d printer.
