A low orbit photography and video research experiment designed to rekindle interest in exploration and inspire people of all ages.
Hitting the road to meet our +170,000 viewers. We want to enhance our monitoring and observation capabilities on the tour!
The Ellison School 1st Grade is conducting a science project to take a photo at the edge of space using a weather balloon.
Launch highballoons™ with Rockzip to open up space to the masses and jump-start student STEM education!
www.rockzip.com
A journey in pictures and video from the surface of the earth to the nearest of space and back again.
The Clariden School of Southlake has qualified middle and high school teams to compete in the TARC national competition 2015.
Launch a VERY LARGE balloon over Oregon to photograph the earth from space.
We are building a new rocket engine prototype to better serve the space community and make it easier to get to the stars.
I made a light that shines when the International Space Station is in the sky. I'm raising money to make a whole bunch and sell them.
Wheaton College student John Scarpaci spent his summer doing advanced astronomical research, and wants to present his findings.
The El Paso County 4H TARC Team is seeking financial assistance to compete in the Team America Rocketry Challenge Nationals.
We are a space club at Tennessee Tech looking to send our projects to the edge of space as part of the Global Space Balloon Challenge.
The Mt. Diablo Observatory is a 501c3 non-profit dedicated to running the public astronomy program at Mt. Diablo State Park.
Tweeting small satellite tracking data from Cube Satellites from 6 Major Cities around the World
Join us in the design and creation of a high-powered rocket that will help complete a school project and inspire a community
5th & 6th grade students are learning about Space, building their own telescopes and would like to visit a planetarium.
A 3-foot glider dropped from the edge of space in an attempt to break the record for "World's Highest-Altitude Paper Airplane Launch"
Fabricating a robot capable of finding and retrieving a payload, then inserting it in a launch vehicle that will travel 1 mile high.
I am one of less than a dozen people in the world working on building a controversial new electromagnetic engine known as the EMDrive.
Giving everyone the opportunity to explore space by putting a virtual reality camera on the International Space Station!
Giant Leaps featuring the historic missions of human spaceflight is the third in our series of space exploration prints
A historic manned launch into near space by 3 brave pilots to capture the 2017 total solar eclipse in virtual reality.
Ethereal — Kickstarter's first ever Deep Space photo book that will literally take you out of this world.
Renewable green energy that is pollution free for emergency power outages
Pledge your suppport to build the transAscend space lift - a peoplemover and pipeline for you and me
MoonWatcher will be bringing the Moon closer to all of us.
A chance for citizens of Earth to conserve, digitize, and display Neil Armstrong's Apollo 11 spacesuit for explorers everywhere.
Unlimited free energy from the sun will provide CubeSat propulsion and revolutionize access to space for low-cost citizen projects.
A weather balloon will carry 12 HD video cameras up to a 30km altitude to create a virtual ride to space viewable with the Oculus Rift.
We are building a flight certified space suit for the burgeoning commercial space industry!
A prototype electric pulsed plasma jet thruster for reliable, high performance, low cost interplanetary space transportation
Would you like to have your own spacecraft?  Kickstart the personal space age by helping launch tiny spacecraft into low Earth orbit.
PongSat 2 !!!!!

On September 27, 2014 we are going to send 2000 student projects to the edge of space.
Chop Shop’s second series of posters celebrating the most popular and most notable robotic space exploration missions.
We love Arduino and we love space exploration. So we decided to combine them and let people run their own space experiments!
A nano-satellite that lets you take Earth images and "tweet" from space, then inflates a visible balloon, and de-orbits cleanly.
Not just another balloon launch, HEARTSAT will analyze the composition of Earth's atmosphere while utilizing a unique flight vehicle.
Join the first crowdsourced mission to explore a destination of your choice in the far reaches of space. @GoBluePlasma
Launch on the easiest route to the stars: POINT AND LOOK! See the BIG PICTURE: the richest, widest, most contrasty view.  Wow, now!
The first publicly accessible space telescope!  Take amazing photos of space or have your photo displayed above the Earth.
Bicyle Astronomy is a project to bring sustainable stargazing to the people via a bicycle-propelled telescope.
The Starship Enterprise will race Vader's TIE Fighter & a Golden Dalek to The Edge of Space. Their goal: Bring the video footage home.
We're sending 1000 student projects to the edge of space. Each one inside a ping pong ball.
Lunar Mission One: the most inspirational mission to the Moon since the Apollo landings, and your chance to reserve your place in space
I'll be launching a small model TARDIS into (near) SPACE and filming the ascension and descension as a mini-documentary for YouTube.
Three screen-printed posters celebrating the most popular and most notable interplanetary robotic space missions.
I will be building a mock space station and simulate living on Mars for two weeks.
We're building a full size rocket motor for our Hermes Spacecraft.  Help us Kickstart the next generation of space travel!
Help astronomers get the data they need to unravel one of the biggest mysteries of all time, KIC 8462852 --- Where’s the Flux?
Preserve the telescope that Clyde Tombaugh used to discover Pluto for generations to come!
Laniakea is the name of the supercluster of galaxies we are part of.This tremendous structure of 380,000 Galaxies can now be yours! 39€
Help a fine art photographer continue her project about space exploration, Mars, and the scientists who are going to make it possible!
Come and join us on a voyage of interstellar exploration as we chart the least known part of the Milky Way – its Delta Quadrant.
Team of undergraduates racing to be the first student organization to successfully launch a rocket powered by a 3D-printed engine.
University team from Pisa in collaboration with ESA, creating an innovative heat transfer device that will be tested into space.
We have designed an antimatter thruster capable of reaching the nearest star.  A plan for antimatter fuel production is now needed.
What if we built a rocket that is better than a NASA or commercially available rocket? What if we did it with students?
Re-inventing the way we look at our planet by sending 5 cameras to near space to create the first 360 panoramic view of the earth.
Middle-schoolers designed a microgravity experiment that's going to the ISS! Help us send them to the launch in Wallops Island, VA.
Mission to launch a vintage Action Man and Space Capsule into space and film from his birthplace in UK to mark his 50th Anniversary.
Production of variously-sized deployable models of NASA's James Webb Space Telescope to promote hands-on learning.
A simple way to learn and teach complex astronomical concepts. Awesome educational experiment, class demo or desktop display.
Real-time high-altitude weather balloon tracking using amateur radios - capturing stunning near-space visuals - now with more science!
LTD ED COLLECTIBLE SPACE ART FEAT. ASTRONAUTS
Help us collect the data to solve the mystery of the century: Is light slowing down?
The second round of funding for the most amazing project ever where a high school freshman is sending pie into SPACE!!!
Mission Space is run by me, a teenager who has a passion for space! I will fly a weather balloon to the edge of space with your help.
It’s Space Elevator research! Smart robots climbing 2 km straight up. The Ribbon is held aloft by large helium balloons.
We are two upper sixth-form students specialized in physics who wanna take some majestic pictures from stratosphere - about 35km high
Support the accreditation of our online STEM Mentoring Program with the International Mentoring Association
A group of high school students are building a near-space balloon, that will capture stunning HD video of the earth from near-space.
A high school freshman is sending pie into space and you can be a part of it.  GO SCIENCE!!!
The first space program for satellite development in Central America with the objective of generating data for climate change analysis
The first international contest to let students shape the future of interstellar travel.
Free and easy to use information when asteroids pass closer than the Moon. Stretch - take photos of all of these asteroids
Starship Congress 2015 is a deep-space & interstellar science summit staged by Icarus Interstellar.
Students from 3 universities are designing a dual stage rocket to test experimental rocket technology.
A device that lights up whenever the International Space Station is nearby (that happens more often than you might expect)
After a unsuccessful recovery last time we are trying again to successfully launch and recover a weather balloon from space.
Help UTS Ontario students raise money to get their experiments on the ISS. Promote space science in Canada! We can't do it without you!
Rocketry at its finest.
Radiation in space damages computer CPUs this project will create a CPU architecture that uses fewer total gates and is less sensitive.
The 5th grade students at St. Andrew's in Newtown PA are launching a weather balloon into near space with their own science experiments
Design, build, and manage space settlements.  Build an empire of orbital cities to span the solar system!
We're sending the world's first REAL, physically delivered postcard from Space.
Team Epiphany is creating an expeditionary rover to be entered into NASA's 2017 Rover Challenge competition!
For my 11 year old son's Science project, he wants to send a camera attached to a weather balloon to an altitude of approx. 90,000 ft.
Hi,
My Name is David Frey and I Provide Free Public Astronomy programs in San Francisco, Mt. Tamalpias, Yosemite and Novato CA.
Two college students taking their love of photography and technology to new heights.
Launch, track, film and recover a geocache sent into space!
A UK National Science + Engineering Competition Finalist, award-winning, and multi-purpose shuttle!
In December we're sending a TARDIS to The Edge of Space.
We've done it before...but this time it's going to be Bigger, Faster & Higher
Learn about reflection, refraction and absorption of light by playing with a fun, re-configurable periscope.
A student project to capture HD images and 3D video of the 2012 Annular Solar Eclipse from 20 miles above the Earth's surface.
Let's send a helium filled weather balloon to 100,000ft with a GoPro camera, a monkey* and some tracking gear.

*actually, no monkey
For my senior project, I plan to build a Dobsonian Reflector Telescope that will allow me to view all kinds of celestial bodies.
Student project aiming to launch a rocket into space.
The Aera Project plans to use high altitude balloons to both study high altitude life and encourage the pursuit of aerospace science.
We are a dedicated group of university students seeking to learn, and to develop our skills through the study of rocketry.
PocketQube lowers the barriers to building your own satellite. Anyone can now build a satellite, want to join the revolution?
The First satellite for UFO research. We intend to search low-Earth Orbit for any sign of a real UFO, or any space anomaly.
Named after the Greek Messenger God Hermes, our mission hopes to deliver your items into near-space (over 30 kilometres high).
Our kids space club needs a quality telescope so we can explore the universe and ignite the imaginations of all the children we reach!
Carbon fiber based rocket with 20 bar(290 psi) air and 1-2 L (0.26gallon-0.528gallon) H2O. It should reach around 100 meter(328 feet).
My  name is T.J. I am trying to build a moon rover simulator studio with a real life rover, that you can control via the internet
We're starting a new era of open space access, driven by ordinary people joining forces to building extraordinary rockets & spacecraft.
The ultimate selfie of yourself shot by hand from the edge of space. We have the ability to do this, we need your support to launch.
Join us for one final Apollo mission as we seek to preserve a priceless piece of American history.
The Moonhouse is the first art project on the Moon - a red house with white corners. Every USD brings it 25m (82ft) closer to the Moon.
Be part of the snapshot of humanity's essence to be sent to interstellar space on a spacecraft the size of a wafer.
We want to create a Google maps style map of the world using pictures taken by astronauts from the International Space Station
The space coffee cup for your home, office, or next trip to space. Currently in use aboard the International Space Station!
Open source space access. Build, fly, and release drawings for a liquid powered suborbital rocket.
World’s Only FAA Safety Approved Astronaut School to Build Groundbreaking Anti-gravity Simulator!
Being a teacher, I would like to do a physics project that shows how a single person doing push-ups can actually shake the earth!
Ground breaking technology to assist parents and practitioners to encourage children to move away from closed autisticic behaviour
To rebuild my astronomical observatory, help continue my public outreach in astronomy. Search for near Earth asteroids.
The UNL RockSat-X team is ready to launch our crystallization in microgravity experiment, we just need your help to pay for the rocket!
Project seeks to retrofit and launch a research vessel that is proof of concept for carbon neutral flow powered habitation.
Jackson Foster, Graeme Classen and I decided to send a video camera to new heights. (85,000ft+)
Space exploration, geopolitics, technology, news and the Middle East... We give a complete picture of the space industry in the region.
The goal is to create a mobile planetarium program that will train my students to present Astonomy programs to elementary schools.
Protect the Earth and get your free Access to NewSpace
Tenagra Observatories has been working to follow up  newly found near earth asteroids for over 16 years.  A new telescope is needed.
This experiment will test a new 3D printable anesthesia device on a parabolic flight (zero gravity).
For 42 years the last of its kind Atlas-A missile stood at the Canadian Museum of Science. Its about to be destroyed. Help us save it!
A  fully stabilized, mobile, research grade telescope/media platform, used to bring outreach astronomy to those who don't have access.
In 1936 A.EINSTEIN and N. ROSEN sent a manuscript entitled " Do gravitational waves exist ?" for publication, however, it was rejected
One small step...SpaceOps is bringing manned orbital spaceflight back to the U.S. Our first step is building a procedures simulator.
Invest in 4 STEM (Science, Tech. Engineering, Math) Middle School Summer Camps 2015, Atlanta, Houston, Tallahassee,  
& St. Louis.
I have all of my 90's stuff lying around still and I want to send it into orbit. Tamagotchi, Gameboy, and Pokemon away
An aspiring engineering student with a dream to break the amateur rocketry altitude record while ushering in a new era of spaceflight.
Integrated NASA heat pipes + Fully Upgradeable + Proprietary Grow Spectrum = the Last Grow Light You’ll Ever Need For Your Grow Room
We will send a weather balloon with payload to near space and make pictures. 

Also, we add some measure hardware to the payload.
SpaceUp brings awesome people together to geek out about space. We want to start 5 new local events this year, including one near you!
Our goal is to reignite one of the most promising Single-Stage-to-Orbit (SSTO) Space Vehicle programs ever to be conceived by NASA.
We're putting this simulator in the class room and helping build an imagination and vision with students using STEM education
The HyperQube is designed to be the world's most powerful CubeSat - inexpensive, highly secure and capable of nearly any mission.
We are a science organization attempting to launch a hobby rocket from 120,000ft. With your help we can make this possible!
Would you like to get into a magical, fantastic infinity space anytime, without leaving your house? Immerse yourself into the Universe!
BalloonSat class to launch a balloon to the edge of space with a "Rockoon" Payload & return to Earth
We are undergrads trying to research and test a prototype of a flyer that can be used in martian atmospheric conditions.
The Chameleon Project Foundation is a non-profit organization.
A middle school science project shared with the local elementary school to educate and reach for the stars or as near as we can get!
In a valley of the french Alps we are building a prototype Hypertelescope, precursor of a new generation of telescopes.
Previously funded by NASA, we are continuing the design and testing of an antimatter thruster capable of reaching 10% lightspeed.
Worried there will be nothing left when the Sun eventually goes red giant and cooks the Earth? Beam your name or photo into space!
CLAIRE is a satellite that will enable industrial site operators around the world to better manage their greenhouse gas emissions
The Canberra B-57 Medium Bomber is the predecessor spy plane to the U-2 and the SR-71 spy planes and was last used by NASA.
A project to build and manage a radio telescope for use by students in the UK
Discover: Out Of This World!!! ...activity filled life, style, mobility and fun! age 2-6 
.................................Mattel?
We are sending a camera to space! Own a unique one-off image, or even a lucky penny that has been to space and back
Access to orbit should be available to us all - we believe we can make that happen, with your help.
Allowing people to have a souvenir with their initials that has been to space, as well as photographically documenting the expedition.
Help scientists collect the data to solve the mystery of the century: Is light slowing down?
SkySlab is a long term project and it's pictures and media are freeee!  BUT, I would like to make it better and make a community asset.
I will set up a Burntwood based Alien watch tower. Recording & streaming activity. Burntwood will be the first to know when they arrive
We're building a CubeSat with students and sending it into space with your name on board and you can talk to it!
Space Discovery Institute is teaming with schools to bring Science, Technology, Engineering and Mathematics back to the classroom.
Gravity Balloon is a weather balloon kit that allows anyone to have a personal space mission.
AstroLabs allow online or distance learning students to perform cool astronomy labs from anywhere!
Join the Mission to help us create the most powerful user friendly radio telescope to discover radio astronomy, up to research!
Be part of sending a satellite into space to conduct imaging research and submit your ideas to name the CubeSat.
Quiero enviar un globo de helio al espacio que tome fotos y videos.
I want to send an helium globe to space who take photos and videos
Help us dramatically lower the cost for Access to Space. Re-usability is key to savings and ocean launches a major safety benefit.
A Digital Portable Planetarium for Arkansas.
Help K-12 Students design & develop STEM experiments - launch into space on Commercial Suborbital Spaceflight - return to the Students.
C.A.R.- Clean Air Reactor Project, A alternative fuel source for all combustion engines. Cost is 99% Less, 0 Emissions, Existing Tech.
Be part of sending a satellite into space to conduct imaging research and submit your ideas to name the CubeSat.
Cet Observatoire a été construit de A à Z
 VOIR DANS ACTUS LES PHOTOS
Soutenez la réhabilitation pour le sauvegarder 1€ OU BEAUCOUP +
We are 7 International Space University (ISU) alumni conducting a 2-week Mars analog research mission
Technologies transfer for the benefit of the human health on Earth
Take a virtual ride to space!  This project will create a semi-spherical video using 6 HD cameras launched on a high altitude balloon.
By backing SpaceBunker you will be supporting a young entrepreneur in his quest to raise awareness of the beauty in the universe.
Dark Skies Observatory will be a FREE to use Observatory for anyone that would like to use it. Open 7 nights a week.
Control and interact with a satellite through a Virtual Reality cockpit - all built by teens awarded with a mission from NASA!
Father & Son Space flight using scientific weather balloon to the edge of space and back. Taking video and pictures to document it all.
We will be launching a weather balloon into the stratosphere with 4 GoPros to record 4K Ultra HD video & an arduino board with sensors.
System will allow control the telescope via the Internet space
ExploraLab is an affordable, 3D printed payload carrier that will take your science experiment to the edge of space and back.
If we can help establish that Mesosiderites come from 4Vesta we can mine that metal for space crafts, furthering our reach into space.
Satellite will become the brightest star in the night sky. It's being made by ordinary enthusiasts and will help combat space debris.
We are introducing the worlds first all electric PROPELLANT-LESS propulsion system and developer kits for spacecraft and QUADCOPTERS
I have a new space propulsion system design. I need to make a prototype to test out my hypothesis.
Democratize the future of space exploration by supporting a low-cost, open-source spacecraft propelled solely by water!
We fight gravity, so that some day you won't have to.
I'm building an amazing future for Physics, it's called BIG Theory.
We are currently building a portable UFO research and Investigation Lab out of a truck and RV
Distributed Computing. Suche nach außerirdischer Intelligenz zu Hause. Volunteer-Computing-Projekt der Universität Berkeley.
Using a centrifuge, 2 LEDs connected to 2 button batteries and a spectrograph, one can observe redshift if time is bent.
We are sending Arduino Satellite into the stratosphere. You will be able to watch live footage from USAS on the website
Solar and wind powered cooperative container habitation. Seeks to provide sustainable model for carbon negative living.
Once in a lifetime opportunity for Star Trek fans around the world to boldly go where no person has gone before.
I have been invited to a science and technology congress. This is a gateway to my dream. I cannot explain how important this is to me
Help me create a moon/mars rover simulation studio and rover for people to remotely control my rover in my warehouse over the internet
We will send a balloon based rocket to space containing a hijacked LED aboard to become space pirates for the good of humanity.
Our nanosat is a prototype for a new world of personalised space exploration. Your support will prove Earth Imaging can be democratised
This project is aimed towards creating an orbital rocket.
Science diver building  aquatic blocks for food pyramid on Earth for Mars space research fish farms 7,000,000,000+ humans and counting.
In order to better help our students, Scouts and the community as a whole, we are in need of more telescopes for astronomy!
Quiero enviar un globo de helio al espacio que tome fotos y videos.
I want to send an helium globe to space who take photos and videos
Civilian Space Program - CSP - to enable average people of the world to explore and understand space
Get YOUR personal message into Space ! Ultra 4K definition cameras will capture your message at a near-space altitude of 118,000 ft.
Our project would be several telescopes with remote access and control to any person in the world where you have internet.
First student designed and manufactured Gas Generated cycle rocket engine, used for a passenger delivery space plane.
ArduScope es un sistema "Go to" adaptable a telescopios con una electrónica muy sencilla y compatible con el estándar ASCOM.
Simulation eines Sturms mithilfe eines teilchenphysikalischen Strukturmodels. Mit einem Versuchskonzept zur "kalten Fusion".
Edge gives you a taste of space. Eco-friendly and balloon powered, Edge personalizes the idea of traveling beyond Earth.
This program is an educational program to provide a safe environment for kids to learn about rocketry!
Es ist nich notwenidig, das Menschen Hunger -Durst leiden. Mit Space Technology kann man Wasser finden und "food production" aufbauen.
The goal is to send a Cubesat with a Bitcoin node to Space. this funding is for the Cubesat Structure.
We'll need Money to start a super secret space program, if you pledge 100euro or more we tell you more about it.

Thanks in advance :)
Building a Flying saucer that has Artificial Intelligent made from sea shell.
Innovatives MAschinenbau projekt mit verarbeitende Metalle vom Mars
Stehe mit Mars one einer holländischen space company in cooperatio
SolarShield is an energy efficient paint invented by NASA. Reduce your carbon footprint, save the planet, save your money,
This is a science experiment that will test out a new hypothetical space propulsion system.
Acronym: Project GOAPOS. 
Money raised will be specifically to build: The metallic dome, Base structure, and Offices of this design.
Apollo at the brink: Civilization level technology. Carbon nanotube cables: Gateway to the stars. Join the next industrial revolution!
The Fission Pulsar is a clean-energy proto-type that will enhance Global interface for the future of space exploration.
The new century has begun may our life's get easier and the secrets  of the universe be within our reach for all man kind
S.e.g. is short for super efficient generator, a clean, portable system providing electricity, good for outdoor filming sets, space.
VERTWELL is eager to develop and demonstrate the significant power to weight ratio.
First of a series of space-related projects for US minorities.  Send a balloon and retrieve back real time signal from near space.
The Motorhome has given so much to its community. Now it's time to give back. Please help free the S.S Tata's! #freethesstatas
Tasha9503 plans to mass produce spaceships and call them HotelsInSpace. The spaceships can also take crews past our moon.
New technology space propulsion system
We are trying to raise $25,000 to start our own marketing campaign. Once started we will get the consumer to pay $30 a month.
the experiment consists on studying the interface of two immiscible liquids in microgravity environment in a suborbital flight.
We want to build a spacecraft that will travel to another star.  Preferably one with a planet orbiting it. It will use ion propulsion,
This device uses existing hardware technology to generate electrically based energy as-needed by using innate gravitational forces.
I plan to document the making of an array of em-drives with different size/shape resonance chambers to search for optimal thrust.
Sunlight will be reflected by mirrors to allow farming on the "bottom". Gravity is generated by slow rotation.
We have an exciting new propulsion system design, and we need money for a mock-up in order test our hypotheses.
I need some extra cash to build 100 motorized bikes this summer.
The Green Moon Project is a non profit organization with a mission to create 14.6 million square miles of never used ecosystem.
Our project will be the intent of sending a custom modified weather balloon as far up as we can. First Goal is to clear 110,000 feet
Technology and Space Exploration = 1000,s Of Jobs
Hydraulic/pneumatic powered current alternating turbine motor for clean and renewable technology for mechanical and electrical power.
PRatian is developing a technology for better remote sensing measurements that will improve agriculture, security, health, and more.
This project is about a dream. A crazy large dream. A new way to access space. Without rocketry. Beyond rocketry. Via gravity control.
A mission to build and launch a telescope to observe and photograph Earth-like planets around our nearest star system, Alpha Centauri.
Phase one of a small winged reentry craft. This phase will be testing the supersonic stability of a small craft traveling at 1,800kph
We're a small group with a big mission: making it possible for everyone to explore space using the power of virtual reality.
Miles, a team of citizen scientists is reaching for the moon. We've bootstrapped our way to the top and now we need your help.
Funding will allow free participation for 20 schools, grades 4-12, (thousands of students) anywhere in the nation.
test
The telescope will serve as a path for the youth of Toronto to the skies, it will be 18" easily portable meant for schools in the GTA.
Calvert Co 1977 planetarium acquired by Spaceflight America! Education science program star projector needs overhaul, upgrade, repairs!
They have launched a Kickstarter.
A fully stabilized, mobile, research grade telescope/media platform, used to bring outreach astronomy to those who don't have access.
Conceived at NASA JPL, FireSat is a satellite-installed sensor constellation for the near real-time detection of global thermal events.
We're looking to set an Australian Amateur Rocketry record of 100 000 ft. You are invited on this 4500km per hour ride into history
DREAM BIG. Explore the universe through STEAM education. (Science, Technology, Engineering, Art, Mathematics)
I want to launch a rocket to the moon, I plan on having this lunar rocket carry a small payload of solar internet connected cameras
Thank you for your support!
COAS is an organization that does community outreach programs to encourage and educate children and adults on Astronomy related subject
Our new satteilite project is collida designed to go above the earth and take amazing pictures and videos for reasearch and more free.
This project is to start and mange a new space company.
Add Your Data & DNA to the Valiant 1 Probe Which Will Launch From the Edge of Space on a Deep Space Mission. Be part of the journey.
A float tank is the ultimate environment for recovery, relaxation, and free, creative thinking. Let's come together and start a centre!
Want to make fun flyers flying.
Coming up with cost effective ways, and designing tools needed to realize the dream of living in space.
I've designed a contained sustainable ECO system powered by a self sustained source of energy using magnetic energy and flow of water.
Building the world's first interstellar space vehicle. No combustion engine and able to travel to space in a fraction of the time.
Hi Team

Lucy is poor and we need to help her.

10 Cent donations are appresiated. 

Praise be to god.
I want to build a new Death Star. Then I can use it to take over (and rule) the galaxy once again.
I'm going to sew Van Gogh's ear back on after he passes out from blood loss. Just to tell him I respect him. Join me?
Hi all! I have meteorite that are rare because they have vesicles and have withstood extreme high temperatures. Need to get pedigreed.
The goal of this project is to make a much more powerful improved version of the Priore Machine.
My prototype creates an active energy conduit that can drain energy from what could be called subspace.
We are a team of engineers, geography enthusiasts, and technology experts who want to dig an indirect hole to China.
