Turning DNA into data just became affordable, and biohacking will never be the same. Meet our open source Real-Time PCR Thermocycler.
NEEO is a smart home automation system. It’s the simplest way to connect and control all the devices in your home.
Scan objects and rooms in 3D, play augmented reality games, and develop mobile apps with 3D vision. For iPad, yet hackable.
High-end headphones, a streaming app and personalized streaming music all in one magic device: Aivvy Q.
Ever have trouble growing plants? We can help. Bitponics is your automated gardening assistant, guiding you every step of the way.
Print your circuit boards, dispense solder paste, and reflow!  The Voltera V-One lets you go from concept to creation in minutes.
Magically control all your favorite devices and so much more. Smart Remote’s screen instantly adapts to anything you point at.
Display images and animations on your bike wheel.  Download your own graphics to the Monkey Light Pro and show them while you ride.
The Whoa Board makes things glow.  It also makes glow-y things sense touch. It's an open prototyping platform for wearable electronics!
Built for work, play, and everything in between!       \(•◡•)/
It's like an Arduino for your car. Log CAN bus data or add your own awesome functionality to your vehicle.
Mold your lights around your life. Control any dimmable bulb with your existing WiFi and phone. Automate with proximity awareness.
Plumbing catastrophe avoidance for everyone.  Stops pipe bursts & small costly plumbing leaks.  SmartPhone controlled & easy install
The fume Fan is a powerful soldering fume extractor with carbon activated filter, LEDs, helping hands tool and a magnifier
Avoid stranded projects. Mono is an Arduino-compatible programmable gadget with touch display, wireless and battery.
Introducing the KLIC-N-KUT Force: An electronic cutter with dual cutting heads and a true Z axis
Tech is going Bananas! Slip'n Selfie, Dog-o-Phone, Flappy Jello. Invent on the GO!
Send mail to kids' toys from your phone. Our toys will speak them back in their funny voice, or yours.  Kids can reply too!
The affordable entry-level laser cutter / engraver for the maker, artist and hobbyist.
A framed high-definition screen and integrated computer that hangs on your wall and brings art from the Internet into your home.
Don't leave your device lying around on a shelf or on the floor while charging it.  The Cell Caddy holds 2 devices (phones or tablets)
Le système LWS à refroidissement par eau permet de cultiver en indoors , toutes les plantes sans élévation de  la température ambiante
The VexBox lets Parents control the speed of the Internet. Chores not done? See if your teen likes 56k. A great tool for Mom & Dad.
Portable battery charger that provides extra juice to power your smartphone.  Sleek, aluminum design made to carry with you everyday.
Own your site & cloud. Stop renting from 3rd party providers. Protect your data and keep it private. Transfer files faster.
oort is a system of intelligent connected devices that lets you control your whole living environment with a single app.
A gaming machine that hides behind your TV, has out of this world performances and replaces all your boxes!
Wireless. Easier. Safer. Longer Lasting Christmas lights
FitBark is a tiny wearable bone that fosters an active lifestyle and guides you through the amazing journey of pet parenting.
Automation system:smart voice-activated networked wallplate to snap-on your existing switch.& unique sensor that actually counts people
Book Sage Boutique is a virtual store where customers can find unique gifts for a special occasion or that special someone.
A simple device that keeps track of breast milk safety guidelines.
The affordable smart controller that shuts off your sprinkler system based on local weather.
12lb fully Automatic Generator w/ built-in Uninterruptible Power Supply (UPS), Electric Start/Stop, USB charger & iPhone remote control
WITH YOUR HELP i WILL BUILD THE ULTIMATE GAMING PC FROM SCRATCH.
AND LAUNCH THE NEW TWITCH YOUTUBE CHANNEL TO CELEBRATE.
Animals knocking over your waste wheeler making a mess on trash day? The S.A.D.L. will help prevent that from happening!
Ice Scraper Squeegee Combo With Spray Nozzle that sprays 11 ft. and an in-cased extension bar that extends from the rifle over 2 feet.
Have a shot to the future. Shot Time calculates the exact amount of liquor consumed over time, then stores and displays it until reset.
Display+(some love+our software)*(CMOS*Raspberry Pi3) = 1 infinity loop :  Bandwidth | AI | IoT | AR | Smart home | Security | Air Gap
Building a 'small', 1500cc V8 from combining 2 smaller V4 engine blocks. Result: a high revving, lightweight, 180 degree crankshaft V8
BubblePhoneCase™
This is about the love of beer and never running out!  KegData knows the amount of beer in kegs with a new patented coupler.
The VR shop will be a worldwide shop that stocks everything virtual reality. It will be one of the first of it's kind.
Small enough to clip on your keychain, GoHub is the ultimate USB-C solution.
ProxLok provides secure biometric login and automatic logout for your computer using patented proximity-based technology.
These safety caps remain attached to the wall plate +It is a  gasket that seals the outlet from bugs and drafty air circulation!
BITIDENTIFY TECHNOLOGY, a patented security hardware, protect your data from be copied, changed and written fom the Internet.
Smart pills dispenser, connected with all devices. Created to ensure that the right person is taking the right dosage at the right time
Own-Mailbox is a personal email server designed to protect your privacy.
eVR3 is an all inclusive VR package that allows you to access some of the best mobile VR content from a single integrated device.
SOLAR LED LIGHTING - WE WILL GIVE ONE SOLAR LED LIGHT KIT TO AFRICA OR ANY NEEDY THIRD WORLD COUNTRY FOR EVERY FIVE KITS WE SELL!!!
Just starting up a prototype of an amazing project.  Looking to gather some funds to build a prototype that will change the world.
Lola is the most intuitive home automation solution allowing you to control your connected objects with your voice and a 3D cartography
Strong. Smart. Social. blulok® is a solid steel high-security bike lock with 120dB alarm that sends alerts straight to your smartphone.
The Ambitheater Ambient Lighting System is designed to support HDMI pass-through with HDCP, Philips Hue Lighting and 4K UHD upscaling.
Phone Frame is the solution to the growing epidemic of texting while driving. It gets to the heart of the issue. It saves lives.
Ich möchte einen Prototypen für einen neuen Antrieb eines Elektroautos erstellen lassen. Elektroautos werden damit seltener aufgeladen.
Do you Hate Rough and Bumpy Roads? Are you Tired of road construction traffic? WE can change that. Join us and make YOUR voice heard!
Multiface makes FaceTime more dynamic with multi-party video and conference access. No additional downloads or installations required.
PORTABLE, INEXPENSIVE, EASY TO ASSEMBLE, ALTERNATIVE ENERGY FOOD STORAGE REFRIGERATOR AVOIDING CARBON FUELS AND/OR THE ELECTRIC GRID.
Kids learn electronics by building projects: combines electronic building blocks with the first-ever augmented reality tutor app.
An electric-powered drifting tricycle for adults. 
Sturdy construction. Unique style. Hillsides NOT required.
Control Electronics quickly and easily with a USB key that runs JavaScript
Experience stark, vivid images like nothing you've ever seen combined with premium audio in a unique flip down form factor.
AnyMote turns your smartphone into the next generation universal remote! Control and automate your TV, computer, sound system, & more!
Forget the selfie stick. Podo is a wireless, re-stickable camera that turns any surface into a photo booth. Just stick, shoot, & share.
SmartBrick is the next level in remote controlling your LEGO®. Build more, play more like never before.
The Karmic Koben is a modern ebike that lets you ride faster, go farther, all while having more fun than ever before.
BrickPi turns your Raspberry Pi into a LEGO® robot.  Your credit card sized computer enters the physical world.
blink(1) is a small USB light to give you glanceable notice of anything on your computer or the internet.
Connect Mixfader to your smartphone or tablet and perfect your mixing and scratching techniques, whatever your level.
MODEL 1 = 1 model for every water heating application. The most energy & water efficient, reliable & versatile water heater available.
The most advanced open source laser tag system. Create your own indoor or outdoor battlefield. Build your own custom gametypes.
A cute little movement sensor that's controlled by your smartphone. Sammy lets you keep an eye on your stuff.
A do-it-yourself Delta Robot kit that's fun to build, sharp to look at, and a great point of departure for your own project!
A playful programming language you can touch. Montessori approved, and LOGO Turtle inspired. Learn programming away from the screen.
Smart technology meets brewing. Now anyone can brew high quality craft beers using their smartphone.
blink(1) mk2 is a small USB light to give you glanceable notice of anything on your computer or the internet.
Use a Sony PS3 Dualshock3 game controller as a wireless servo and I/O controller.
10 servo/motor PWM outputs, 17 digital outputs.
Bitlock: The world's first keyless bike lock to enable low cost peer-to-peer bike sharing among individuals and communities.
Immersion brings fermenting beer down to 35º F below ambient without a refrigerator and maintains that temperature for months.
A Modular, LED display board system. Simple to use and infinitely hackable. Designed, Made, and Shipped direct from TEXAS!
The AuraVisor. Wire Free Virtual Reality. Games, movies, video streaming. Watch 3D movies explode to life in front of your eyes
Make your own aerial photos and maps with our flight kit and MapKnitter browser app.  Add a camera to our reusable 5.5' balloon & kit.
A community-led air quality sensing network that gives people a way to participate in the conversation about air quality.
Next generation control of your environment with accurate in-home location data and a gesture control interface.
Bartesian mixes you the perfect cocktail in seconds; insert your capsule and select your strength.  It's cocktails, liberated!
The AirBoard is a thumb-size, Arduino compatible, wireless, ubiquitous computer designed to sketch Internet-of-Things, fast!
A modern LED Clock that is beautiful to own, and beautiful to give. Easily change colors to match your decor.
A beautifully designed & built USB/Midi Control Surface for electronic musicians & DJs. 100% programmable & compatible.
Sensor kits and interactive activities for science and math education.
EVB: Replace the Brain and Sensors in your LEGO®  MINDSTORMS EV3 with a BeagleBone Black. 100% LEGO compatible but Much More Powerful.
Finally! Mobile printing is really here! A printer that goes where you go & prints from your phone on any size page! The future is now!
An amazingly small, sleek and affordably priced amplifier for vinyl lovers, with audiophile sound.
Imagine Apple TV meets Spotify for digital art, bringing museum-quality exhibitions directly to your home or business ... meet DAD!
An easy-to-use, low-cost 3D scanning system that captures full colour, accurate 3D object data in minutes.
Create your own low-cost, quality filament at home!
Das Keyboard 5Q is a cloud-connected, open API RGB mechanical keyboard that allows each key to be color-controlled over the Internet.
A professional grade personal seismograph made by OSOP. Plug it into your Raspberry Pi  and start watching the earth move!
RGB-123 Making RGB Led Matrices Easy!
LUMA DICE, Metal LED Powered Light Dice. The coolest dice for all your tabletop & board game adventures!
Eliminate Distractions. Stay focused. Get Wired In.
ShutterEaze makes it easy for anyone to add remote control functionality and automate their existing interior plantation shutters.
Never be caught without a good excuse on why your project is having problems, again.
Never have a bad night’s sleep again - Balluga sets your ideal temperature, gives you the perfect support and even stops you snoring
The world's smallest wireless IMU - ARM Cortex M0+ 256KB, up to 48MHz. Wireless mesh, Zigbee, 9-DoF IMU, temperature, altimeter.
We're creating some of the best metal Apple Watch bands with unique designs and precision Swiss quality manufacturing
Solu is the world's smallest computer with a cloud-linked OS, a revolutionary human-machine interface and a unique subscription model.
Using toilet paper is gross... stop smearing! Wash instead, with the Brondell Swash bidet seat. Join the #washdontwipe revolution!
OSMOBOT: 
Everything you need to monitor your hydroponic or aquaponic system online. In one box. At the right price.
Audiophile sound and realistic live-music feeling. Patented tactile drivers go below hearing, speed gaming reactions, intensify movies.
The ultimate virtual reality experience for immersive gaming and video, sharable with others and adaptable to your living space.
MiniZip provides your Lego® sets and creations with a compact and cheap source of power.
A refined approach to Virtual Reality! Introducing the first adjustable VR lens that caters to the individual’s visual comfort.
Expand USB-C to HDMI, DisplayPort, 4x USB, microSD & charge 4x devices simultaneously with built-in 60W AC for 12" MacBook, XPS13 9350.
Start Your Own Manufacturing Business or Make Your Own Prototype Plastic Parts.
The tiny Arduino IDE ready, usb and mobile dev board and ecosystem - cheap enough to leave in any project! Wi-fi, BLE, and 25+ shields!
This Windows 10 PC fits right in your pocket, is as powerful as a desktop, and as light as your smartphone.
PiJuice is the ultimate module for all portable Raspberry Pi projects.  Includes many fun maker projects and a solar power version too!
Automate your sprinklers with real-time weather data and complete control from your phone to lower your water bill up to 30%.
The hydroponic vertical farm for your home. Simple, clean and 40% more efficient. Grow in your indoor garden all year around.
$99 Only. 6 DoF Motion Tracking System. Front-facing Room Scale. Low Latency. Android Compatible. Created for Mobile VR Headsets.
Worlds best bike accessory. 
Energy harvesting, device powering, tour enabled, virtual reality-enhanced stationary bike machine
Aluminium case for the Raspberry Pi Zero that you can take around with you on a Keychain
A very small self-balancing personal electric vehicle from the creators of the Solowheel and Hovertrax - the original hoverboard.
Unlimited Green Energy from Photosynthesis. We invented the Bio Computer to promote a greener environment
This snowboard gadget allows you to Rotate and Lock your foot at any angle on the fly.  You can also ride with it Unlocked!
World Champion DJ Fong Fong's innovation in DJ gear, a linear scratching and mixing deck alternative with analogue tech for accuracy
Introducing the IvoryBoard, the only affordable, high-performance electric skateboard in the world.
MoScale = Food Platform + Smart Scale, an innovative concept of smart feeding and weighing to monitor your pets health.
$18 only. The AnyTouch Blue is a smart  keyboard & mouse for wireless presentation, smart TV, smart STB, PC, MAC using a usb dongle.
Best nano brewing experience combining ease of use and features from the industrial world into a compact design.
When you lose a USB stick.. it's GONE... Not with Security Guardian. Embedded GPS and battery lets you find it or remotely destroy it.
After 12 thefts, I decided to end the bike theft epidemic myself. The Lancelock Titanium Chainmail bicycle lock stop 99% of thieves.
Energpoint: the unique and innovative energy optimizer for vehicles and boats connected with your smartphone.
LadderAnchor is a base for extension ladders which can make climbing a ladder up to 12x safer.
VRGE is the first dock designed to organize and charge multiple virtual reality hardware brands in desktop and wall mount setups.
Veteran owned small business makes spotless water systems and earth-friendly filter recycling available to EVERYONE. 100% MADE IN USA.
Tracks and manages your water in realtime to help you lower your water bill, save water and check for water leaks (large and small).
The Ronin Lift is a lightweight personal rope ascender with 400lbs lifting capacity and a hot swappable lithium ion battery pack.
New STEAM add-on games need your help to be manufactured.
At Leadership Prep School, we are learning about computers and hard drives by building them; then giving them to backers and Goodwill.
Encrypted technology to secure digital legacies — like passwords, Bitcoin accounts and digital files — Order Now
Flter is an internet router that provides VPN protection, malicious ad blocking, and Tor anonymity on all the devices in your home.
VGADuino-II, new Graphic Shield for Arduino with higher resolution, and higher speed and more 256 colors
The Gamer Laser is a laser targeting system for your video games. To help gamer focus in the midst of chaos and mayhem.
Supporting Linux/Android OS, V1 is an ideal deployment platform for network-wide IoT solutions & DIY projects.
Tested & proven to withstand extreme force and conditions. LITERALLY as strong as steel, as flexible as rope and as malleable as putty.
An app-connected STEM toy that teaches kids how to draw pictures, letters and numbers in a fun hands-on experience.
'Hydradoor' is a garage door opener making a giant leap into conserving energy, conserving materials, and keeping people safe!
Finally! Recall and annihilate anything, terabyte file sharing, ludicrous speed transfers, remote file telekinesis, seamless security.
Internet search "convex trowel" 2 videos,to get it produced/sold to a manufacturer.utility patent #7,543,349. Raccoooon2@hotmail.com
The Anticonf Snowboard is both green and high performance. Our exclusive Next Core © technology combines bamboo stringers bent in cork.
Best Net Zero energy solution for new or existing house (no more heating or electricity bills).
The Mobile Drum Kit that connects to your phone, tablet, or computer & allows you to play & record drums on the go+fits in your pocket!
Tonalli Home: El primer dispositivo solar todo en uno.
The FL-1000 is a new smart home patented technology that saves water in homes, buildings, and irrigation systems.
SoftSlam prevents a house door from slamming accidentally either in the wind or when closed too hard preventing noise and injury.
Battery Barracks is a universal charging system allowing you to mount up to 4 cordless tool chargers in one place all powered by 1 cord
One-button “tethered” Z-Wave remote (can't be misplaced, doesn't run out of batteries) which is a remotely controlled cord switch
deraffele1@aol.com  need your feed back . THIS MONEY IS TO GET PRODUCT MADE.
Re-creating the Kitchen Experience. Introducing the "Cleaning Station"
The future of home appliances, equipped with full customizability. Introducing WeCycle the new generation of appliances.
I designed a Patent Pending Prototype that will keep electric cars charging without needing to plug in and re-charge again.
Floating device to carry telescopes & cameras powered by a series of software & hardware created by supporters to image the moon closer
From classics, chart toppers to the latest groovy beats, our cloud-based library means your song selection is constantly up to date.
Meet SproutsIO, the high performance system that makes growing Personal Produce™ a pleasure. Grow indoors, year-round, soil-free.
Inboard - The world's first and only skateboard with motors in the wheels. Designed and assembled in the USA.
Prizm is a learning device that instantly plays the perfect music on your speakers, based on people in the room and the context.
First Mobile Device Focused on Social Interaction.  Battery and Android Powered to Provide Visual and Sound Anywhere.
The first pressure-sensitive, multi-touch input device that enables users to interact with the digital world like never before.
BeeLine is a stripped back, intuitive, navigation device designed to put the cycling masses back in control of their journey
Strum a guitar, bow a violin, tap a piano, loop a beat – on a single instrument. An intuitive way to create music and play any sound.
Satnav in a bicycle bell: it navigates your every turn and learns from the cycling community to find the safest routes
With a hardwood body, mechanical switches & custom-sculpted keycaps, it's a dream to type on. It comes with source code & a screwdriver
Your content at home in any room. Surfaces become large screens, music follows you, wirelessly: the first genuine "home" computer.
Easy Drone - new, proprietary design makes it incredibly easy to transport and assemble. Modular and ready to fly out of the box.
The easiest way to share files. It works like a cloud, but data stays on your own drives. Make a folder and invite friends to share it
A smartphone case that puts you in control. Supercharge your phone with add-on memory, battery capacity, an amplified speaker, and more
Raw green coffee beans to fresh black coffee - at a single push of a button. Let's change coffee. Together.
Darkmatter is the world's first Xbox(tm) laptop that you can buy as a fully assembled product or in kit form. Now Xbox ONE compatible!
The easiest, most reliable way to connect to the internet, anywhere in the world, even when you don’t have electricity
Power your Raspberry Pi, add USB ports, and look great doing it.
Get insight into your water use like never before. Conserve water, save money and detect leaks by monitoring usage in real time.
SYNEK is a draft system that serves any beer, fresh from the tap, anywhere you want it.
Retro pixel art display with 1024 LED pixels controlled from your smartphone or PC
Measure the wind with your iPhone, iPad or Android phone and share it online. Check conditions at your favorite spots on a live map.
Dream big, print big! Affordable, large-format 3D printing for your home or business.
meMINI is a wifi enabled wearable camera that allows you to handpick your favourite moments, after they happen
A foldable "Virtual Reality" headset for smartphones up to 90x170mm (3.5x6.7 inches) made out of neoprene.
A beautiful touch-screen, Wi-Fi connected digital frame that lets you email photos into your loved one's home in seconds.
The Parallella project will make parallel computing accessible to everyone.
The Sunn Light promotes healthy living and creates vibrant spaces by continuously changing color and brightness in rhythm with the sun.
The Friendly and Educational Art Robot that Paints with Watercolors!
Open source PID controller with WiFi, for real time monitoring and control. Now on BrewBit.com!
The world's first JavaScript microcontroller for beginners or experts, now Open Source. Be creative with intelligent control!
Open source initiative to make affordable eco-housing widely accessible.
All the hardware needed to add a 3.5" TFT (480x320) with touchscreen control to your Raspberry Pi, never need a monitor again!
The MicrobeScope, a powerful pocket-sized microscope, reveals the hidden world of microbes and shares video via iPhone compatibility.
Make music in a new and intuitive way at home, in the studio or live on stage.
Force feedback/control loading for the rest of us. The first consumer priced haptic control yoke for home flight sim use!
The cumulated works of greats neatly under your TV: The ability to play Super Nintendo, NES, Sega Games with simplicity and ease.
Put the Power of the Sun in your Pocket with the Worlds Most Open and Customizable Solar Charger and Power System. Spread The Power!
An easy to use, affordable, computer controlled mill. Take all your DIY projects further with custom circuits and precision machining.
No more dead plants. Planty is an Internet-connected planter that allows you to monitor and water plants on-the-go via the mobile app.
Introducing a revolutionary new synthesizer combining the classic warmth of analog synthesis with the convenience of digital control.
With the Doodle3D sketching tool you can 3D print your own personal  drawings on a 3D printer! Start 3D printing your own doodle now!
The Nomad 883 is a ready-to-run CNC Mill that's at home in any environment.
Strooder - The first filament extruder to combine high quality filament with safety, ease of use and flawless design
High technology meets your house plants. This smart garden lets everyone grow fresh herbs at home.
Have you ever wanted to connect lots of Arduino boards using just Cat5?  Now you can.  Arduino + PoE + RS485 = ChainDuino
A DIY kit for a solid-state Tesla coil that plays music, shoots 2-foot-long sparks, and teaches you electronics.
High-performance Easy-to-use Mini Power Modules for Makers. Innovative circuitry enables positive/negative supply in one module.
Dot uses precise location tracking to make your smartphone’s notifications highly contextual.
A helmet that alerts you when cars are in your blind spot and activates turn signals & brake lights based on your body movements.
A professional precision current adapter. Turn your multimeter into a precision measurement tool from picoamps to amps.
A freely programmable, standalone tool for NFC security analysis: emulate & clone contactless cards, read RFID tags and sniff RF data.
ATtiny85 ISP makes working with the AVR ATtiny85 simple.  Port your small Arduino projects to a low cost chip and prototype easily.
Simplifying development of low power wireless IoT hardware and software sensor prototypes with a modular sensor architecture.
A high-precision laser mouse. A full mechanical keyboard. An analog joystick. Together.
The Python language made lean and fast to run on microcontrollers. For beginners and experts, control your electronic project with ease
The Ninja Block is controlled with “if this then that” style tasks and connects your things to the web (Dropbox, Twitter, & more).
The Perfect Last Mile Vehicle. Ultra Portable and Surprisingly Powerful, the Arc Board will change the way you move everyday.
Improve your quality of life, add healthy air, be more productive, and grow plants easily.
Modern super magnets replace the ancient torsion engine in a desktop catapult to get an awesome cubicle warfare machine!
The DIWire transforms drawn curves into bent wire that can be assembled to make just about anything.
Beautiful, interlocking building blocks that can be used to make anything.
Horto domi is an open-source raised-bed beyond-organic garden platform with automation and web-interface capability with Arduino.
Easy to get started, Arduino-compatible, Raspberry Pi friendly, robot loaded with absolute encoding, accelerometer, Battery and ZigBee.
Gramofon streams cloud music to your sound system. A modern jukebox: smartphones are the remotes + WiFi brings everyone together.
Getting a revolutionary new toy design into open source production, and using the design to create the worlds longest marble run.
Next-gen 100% open-source sensor beacon platform designed especially for makers, developers and IoT companies.
The Big Turtle Shell® is a rugged wireless Bluetooth speaker built for a life of action. Water resistant and durable with a huge sound.
A new electronic musical instrument which allows you to play, learn and perform music using any sound you can imagine.
A smart technology that allows your instrument to transform movement, orientation and momentum into audio & visual effects.
You may be thinking: "a fusion reactor? That’s not very exciting, I see fusion every day." But. How often do you see fusion inside of a Bubblegum...
10 times more powerful than Raspberry Pi 3, x86 64-bit architecture
HamShield lets your Arduino talk to far away people and things using amateur radio bands (Coverage: 136-170MHz, 200-260MHz, 400-520MHz)
#ShakeYourPower brings clean energy to places in the world without electricity through the power of music.
We're building snap-together model trebuchets that are perfect for office warfare or annoying your roommate!
Take learning and playing with LEGO® to the next level with sensors! Build creations with SBrick Plus and make them interactive!
Nix is a breakthrough smartphone accessory. Just scan an object and instantly view the color on your iPhone, Android, PC, or Mac.
The NTH is an open source music synthesizer featuring instant fun, awesome sound, and a hackable design.
What if you could feel Virtual Reality? Gloveone lets you use both hands to sense & interact with virtual objects on screen/VR glasses
The First Home Battery System You Simply Plug in to Install
An easy to build open source 3D object printer. For the newbie or experienced maker, there's a model for everyone! NEW $599 Model!
Designed to be used at home, the Sparx Skate Sharpener gives hockey players an automated way to sharpen at the professional level
An open hardware platform for the best microcontroller in the world.
The Mojo is an FPGA development board that is designed to be user friendly and a great introduction into digital design for anyone.
A thermometer that connects to the internet to help New York City turn the heat on for thousands of tenants with no heat in the winter.
Trekkayak is an ultralight, durable and inflatable boat to be carried in your backpack to cross a lake or paddle down a river.
This DIY kit helps analyze materials and contaminants. We need your help to build a library of open-source spectral data.
It's like an Arduino on steroids – built-in bluetooth, battery management, and floating-point coprocessor, in a small, simple package.
First mobile green energy generator that you can carry camping with you! A 3D printed, foldable wind turbine boosting 300W of power!
Clairy combines the power of nature and technology with the beauty of design to eliminate indoor pollution and analyze it.
BoardX is a collection of electronic circuit boards that stack on top of one another to share resources and communicate
InkCase Plus is an always on E Ink second screen; uses sports/fitness apps, an eBook reader, display Photo and receive notifications.
Ion is a light show for your desk, dorm room, or living room.  It responds to music, connects to your phone, and brightens your day!
Bringing the advantages of wireless smart shifting to every cyclist. FITS ANY BIKE
An Open Source JavaScript microcontroller you can program wirelessly - perfect for IoT! No software needed so get started in seconds.
The APOC is a gamma particle detector that will help you learn about radiation and find radioactive things!
castAR: bridging the physical world with the virtual worlds; 3D holographic like projections in AR, fully immersive environments in VR
Jog It! Is an open source hand held controller designed to make running a program in Linux CNC (EMC2) and MACH3 a breeze.
Smart lighting for your living room that improves movie and gaming experience drastically – all while being easy on the eyes.
RAPIRO is a cute and affordable robot kit designed to work with a Raspberry Pi. It comes with a Arduino-compatible servo controller.
The Bugle2 is a second generation DIY kit phono preamplifier for vinyl playback.
Can you help us make an ultra bright white one a reality?
Ario learns about you, syncs your body clock, and keeps you healthy through natural lighting patterns.
Please help us take DIY 3D Printing to the next level, support this open source photo-initiated polymer resin based 3D printing system!
Truly wireless premium earbuds with a battery-boosting smartphone case for charging and storage
Multi-power charging that is smarter, stylish and designed for you.
Easily add sound & automation to your HAUNTS and PROJECTS with this open source prop controller without programming! Arduino compatible
Livera aims to bring low cost machine vision features to let more people DIY their own robot, spoting and collecting more fun in life
The Keewifi router allows devices to securely access WiFi with a simple tap. No passwords and no configuration required.
Measure, model & 3D print your world, fast. Experience laser accurate Augmented Reality. Develop immersive laser based smartphone apps.
Anytime, anywhere table tennis partner
AgIC transforms a home printer into a circuit board manufacturing equipment. The fastest and cheapest way to print circuits.
$10/meter, ~$1.00 per joint, 100% off-the-shelf fasteners.  By eliminating specialty screws, you get the best bang for the buck!
Realiser A16:   the best seat in the best sounding cinema
Track and improve your motorcycle and motorsport
performance. Create videos with data overlays. Share and publish
your stats.
ORBneXt is an always-on Wi-Fi connected, desktop data display device. It connects you to all of your data and devices at a glance.
We want to make electronics kits that TEACH and DO!  Designed for makers of all levels of hackery, olopede will help you learn, design, and invent.
Aurisonics ROCKETS are comfortable, durable, and sound insane; completely made in the USA. Your music never sounded so good.
Project Gado is using an autonomous, open source archival scanning robot to digitize 20,000 photos from the Afro American Newspaper
Hippo-ADK is an Android-powered Development Platform that helps create your dream robots and gadgets.
The Wooting one can read exactly how far down you press a key for analog input. Use it in games to control your movements!
Don't waste your valuable time and money.  Watch the game while you brew.  Personalize and share your brew experience.
This request will fund the creation of an open source wildlife tracking collar, developed to protect the last lions living in Kenya.
A desktop 3D printer you can build in a couple hours.  Print plastic parts you design or download - even parts for another printer.
WHILL's combination of smart design and advanced technology takes personal mobility to the next level.
B-Squares is a 3D modular electronics system with an emphasis on (but not limited to) solar power and expandable energy storage.
Nuimo is a universal controller for the internet of things. Control your music, lights, locks and more.
Open-source quad-core camera effortlessly adds powerful machine vision to all your PC/Arduino/Raspberry Pi projects
velosynth is an open-source bicycle interaction synthesizer. it interprets the speed and acceleration of a bicycle into expressive audio feedback.
Design and 3D print your own creations using an iPad. A delightful 3D printing experience for children and K-12 education.
The bassAware Holster is a new type of wearable audio technology that uses vibration to create a massive bass experience.
MAID is a smart kitchen assistant & a multifunctional oven. MAID knows what to cook and how to cook. Cooking is now easy,fun & social.
A biologist, an industrial designer, and an engineer team up and build a “Hello, World!” kit to teach high schoolers how to invent with DNA.
The smartCaster is an automatic roto-casting machine running off of open source electronics with plans that will be freely available.
Licht 1: The smart pendant lamp that increases your well-being and productivity while saving 80% in running energy expenses.
Weighitz are miniature smart scales designed to weigh anything in the home.
FLUXO – The first smart design lamp where you can move the light in any direction with app and sensor control.
FishBit is an app and connected device to monitor and control your aquarium’s water composition to help your tank thrive.
Crowds can slow WiFi to a crawl, but not Portal. Stream ultraHD videos without buffering and play Internet games without lagging.
It's a pen that can draw in the air! 3Doodler is the 3D printing pen you can hold in your hand. Lift your imagination off the page!
ExtraCore is a 1" x 1" 22 I/O pin Arduino Compatible. It's 1.7 grams and 16mhz of tiny Arduino style coolness.
A smart, compact power supply designed to power anything, anywhere
A big red truck filled with cutting-edge maker tools that goes from school to school, bringing the joy of building back to kids.
Scriba puts creative control back in your hands. Its flexible body and dynamic squeeze motion responding beautifully to your touch.
Far-field voice control extension to your speakers, home & office appliances. Touch Sensing with Arduino & Linux for making projects.
Low Voltage Metal Sensor directly compatible with Arduino type computers for Robotics, & Motor Control, WITHOUT USING MAGNETS!
The m!lTone is an open-source synth & MIDI controller.Create music & control video,lights & sound w/ this refreshingly original device.
Acanvas is a Wi-Fi connected and customizable art display that hangs on any wall, charges itself and streams art into your home
A digital window that opens to beautiful scenery from around the world with 4K-shot videos and sound. Place it anywhere, be anywhere.
RA - 3D Printer board. This board can control 3 extruders, bed heaters, Elefu control panel, 4 temp monitors, lighting and more.
A complete Home Security System in a single device: Flare protects you and your home all by itself. Secure, beautiful and affordable.
MIDI Sprout enables plants to play synthesizers in real time.
Remix provides a smart Android productivity & communication experience. Create content easily & run Android apps in multiple windows.
Modular smartphone-based headset with external sensors for 4" - 5.7" Android & iOS phones, iPhone 6 Plus included!
Building an open source Bussard fusion reactor, aka the Polywell.
Lumin8 Pro is a fun and easy to use light controller that makes light dance to your favorite music.
A stylish, retro, and fun arcade cabinet for your Raspberry Pi, Mini-ITX, Pandaboard, or other mini PC from the makers of Pibow
With Linkio you can use your smartphone to control every electronic you own- for only $100!
PocketLab Voyager and PocketLab Weather are rugged science labs that you can take anywhere to explore the world around you.
BrewNanny™ accurately measures the health and progress of your home brew and alerts you to problems immediately, wherever you are.
A Wireless Virtual Reality HMD that's Fashionable & Compact; Features 3D Gesture Input, Position Tracking, & Augmented Reality Overlays
Announcing the GANGLION and the ULTRACORTEX—a $99 biodata acquisition device and a 3D-printed, brain-sensing headset.
A high-capacity portable charger with LED lights keeps your iPhone, iPad, smartphones, tablets and other devices juiced up on-the-go.
With an efficiency of 97%, bicycle technology is nearly perfect. So why do we use it only for transportation?
The OWL is an open source, open hardware, reprogrammable effects pedal designed for musicians, coders, and hackers.
Open up your digital worlds with the most sophisticated, intuitive android smart projector.
4.29 Billion+ Capacitor Combinations.
No Coding Required.
Meet the future of food. This Smart Garden grows fresh food for you containing up to 600% more antioxidants with zero effort.
Design an open source PCR machine that anyone can build. We'll use off the shelf parts to make a design that is easy to build and maintain.
Convert any skateboard to an electric in seconds with an ultra-light, bolt-on power-train capable of 22 mph and a range of 15 miles.
Teagueduino is an open source electronic board that allows you to realize creative ideas without soldering or knowing how to code.
Sharing the world's first low-cost, DIY, open-source Tractor, Compressed Earth Brick Press, Power Cube, and Soil Pulverizer.
DIY Rotational casting machine to bridge the gap between rapid  prototyping and the cost of producing thousands of hollow cast parts.
Finally! A Flexible Weather Board designed for the Raspberry Pi.   Using the Weather Board is easy!  No soldering!
Nailbot prints custom art directly on nails with your phone in 5 seconds! 3% of proceeds go towards teaching the tech behind Nailbot!
Open source, 8000 lumen, ultra bright LED light pad with Electric IMP WIFI, Atmel AVR & Arduino micro controller built in.
OpenVizsla is an open source, high-speed USB sniffer that will help decode, debug and hack proprietary USB hardware devices. 
The TiltyIMU is a family of versatile open-source robotic controllers and software to allow anyone to build a self-balancing project.
LOGI, when FPGA meets community supported ARM platforms.
The Arist coffee machine brews coffees like the world's best baristas at the tap of a smartphone.
The Things Network is a global, crowdsourced, open, free and decentralized internet of things network.
The Superbook is a shell that turns your Android smartphone into a complete laptop. Get the freedom of using just one computer.
Make your home interactive and let your imagination take over. The airfy Beacon brings you affordable smart home automation!
Flowza is a beautiful LED based animating clock set in a beech wood frame.  Flowza tells the time using witty words instead of hands.
A fork of the ground breaking Kossel 3D Printer, with all 3D Printed parts injection molded for ease of assembly and cost reduction.
Portable 8-bit video synthesizer with NTSC composite output, integrated chiptune audio, SD card slot, USB and MIDI control
Ultra low cost development platform for micro-robotics which can be easily assembled with through-hole components and a soldering iron.
Get started in digital logic hardware design: Creative-Commons teaching material and a Low-Cost board. Suitable for ages 13-100!
Use your bike to go up to 20 miles per hour for 20-50 miles - quick installation, universal compatibility.
No blasters.  No body armor.  The targets work beneath everyday clothing.  The "guns" fit into everyday objects.
Gaszen es la solución para tener de regreso el control de tu tiempo y dinero disfrutando los niveles óptimos de Gas L.P. en tu tanque.
Boasting one of the most simple Tesla coil driving circuits ever, TT makes wireless electricity simple, easy, and cheap for everyone.
Safecast launched a year ago thanks in part to Kickstarter. We're making an awesome limited edition geiger counter to say thanks!
Voltaire: a portable, high-performance coffee grinder that monitors bean freshness. Ever Cup: a sustainable travel mug for coffee+tea.
The world's simplest aquarium monitor and controller. Fishbit helps keep your tank thriving and fish and corals happy!
This Doesn't Belong Here!  Plastic is pollution! Help me journey to the Atlantic Gyre to research the effect of plastic debris on marine life. 
This stackable card provides an easy way to add 16 discrete power driver outputs controlled by I2C to an Arduino Uno/R3 (or clone).
Film smooth footage wherever you go. Easy to set-up. Works with a wide range of cameras. Manfrotto Plate Connector and Ball Bearings.
Tailored FX - Handmade preamps "tailored" to respect your amp and it's unique character.
The blank canvas for roboticist
World first cycling camera & tail-light accessory to record what happens behind you so you can enjoy the ride ahead.
The first device that allows you to interact with every computer, move freely between them and access your digital identity, seamlessly
Android for wifi routers. A simple firmware upgrade adds dozens of features & capabilities, including downloadable Android apps.
1" x 0.9" LF398 Sample & Hold PCBs. A fun and easy build at 7 parts, or a cheap assembled PCB for all your discrete duties!
Our hope is to get 4 solar panels for our school. It will cost about $4,000. PLEASE DONATE. Help make a better world! Thank you!
Ever needed to record an important phone call? RECAP let you record audio from mobile & tablet into another!
The 1st WiFi & app-enabled speaker that lets friends add music to a group playlist and stream it to 10 speakers at once.
For the 2014 Maker Faire, the (rc)LabRats will build a “model” remote controlled amphibious vehicle.
Ears are a simple solution to low volume levels on the Surface tablets.  They don’t require wires, a power source or batteries.
What are your brain numbers? ;) Support DIYNeuroscience and get an Arduino based EEG kit.
Turn our arduino into an ISP programmer to burn boot-loaders and upload code to Attiny85, Attiny84, Atmega328, Atmega1284, Attiny4313..
A humanitarian project to deploy a unique, solar powered water purifier in remote regions that otherwise have no access to clean water.
Raspberry Pi B+  EDU Learning Board with 2 Traffic light control, Buzzer, RTC, Step Motor socket, RFID reader socket, NRF24L01 socket.
We are raising money to put our vibrato guitar pedal into production.
Cuddle up to your console!  These wearable soft-circuit buttons are kicking off a revolution in the way we interface with our machines.
Meet BROBOT the robotic drummer from the future. Help make our science fiction fantasy come true!
SilentKeys protects who you are and what you do online. Block tracking ads, viruses, hackers and prevent identity theft.
ATOMS are a system of plug-n-play sensors, motors and logic blocks for kids and adults to make things that do amazing things.
The therMOFOrmer is a vacuum former you can use to create plastic molds and parts for nearly anything you can imagine.
RDTN.org is looking to deploy a network of radiation detection devices to the affected regions in Japan.
Make!Sense is a system that lets you use almost any sensor with your laptop or smartphone for fun, interactive learning experiences.
An advanced security and communication system changing how you protect – and connect to – your home.
Edyn is a smart garden system that monitors and tracks environmental conditions, helping you help your plants thrive.
Getting to space isn't as daunting and difficult as it once was.  We all know it.  Let's prove it.
A robotics and coding kit for kids of all ages. Build, code, play, create the future!
Depth-VR is a 3D head tracking device that brings unprecedented realism to 3D objects on your computer screen.
a field-ready wireless platform for environmental monitoring and actuation
Wisely wield your Pi without wasting watts and without wires. Wear it, wrangle it, whistle while you do it... wirelessly with WiPi.
Lets Connect! The Raspberry Pi Internet of Things Shield Family, is the perfect intro tool to the world of IoT with Raspberry Pi!
Vikaura lets you, friends & family drive images and information out of your phone and into your world - No wires, Thousands of updates
nOb is a very precise, endless knob controller. It features a big knob and performs smoothly with any of your applications.
Enrich your listening experience and overcome your music player’s limitations with Uamp, a headphone amplifier in a portable package!
The 360cam delivers easy real time streaming video over WiFi, recorded video, and still photos in the palm of your hand
DNA curious? Open up the world of DNA science and exploration with a portable, powerful, and affordable PCR-based DNA Discovery System
The MIDIWidget converts MIDI messages into general-purpose output.
Remix Mini is a tiny PC. It gives you a PC experience unlike anything on Android and an Android experience unlike anything on a PC.
Headless Ghost is a display emulator (dummy plug) that fits discreetly in to a HDMI socket.
Double your Macbook by adding 256GB of Secure, Seamless, Storage. A simple, tool-free upgrade.
Dimmable in regular ON/OFF light fixtures/lamps. Adjust the brightness with your existing ON/OFF switch. Set the mood and save energy!
A Small, Portable Hardware Password Keeper to Keep Your Passwords Safe Wherever You Are
Create a phone yourself in minutes and hack a new way to communicate with things.
The Qduino Mini is the first tiny Arduino compatible that has a built-in battery charger & fuel gauge
PINE A64 is the world's first 64-bit expandable Quad Core 1.2Ghz supercomputer, tablet, media center, and more... starting at just $15.
Square Tiles with individually addressable RGB LEDs. Hook it up to an optional ethernet controller and run it with open source software
Be the first to conquer hills, tackle headwinds and arrive in style on the step-through version of the "Most elegant eBike ever."
The perfect Internet of Things development platform. It´s cheap, small, wireless, stackable, and easy to use.
Blink: the first ultra-affordable, totally wire-free smart HD home monitoring and alert system.
Tenkiv uses the abundant energy of the sun to produce clean water for the world.
A Flexible Oven Controller controlled via touch screen or through USB. Draw and download your own profiles using free Profile Creator.
We're recreating the War of 1812 Gunboat Schooner Porcupine as a floating STEM classroom. She needs a 19th century style deck.
The AirDonkey smart lock & kit turns your bike into a rental bike. Earn money while others enjoy your city on a two wheels!
Create and share better spherical panoramas on your smartphone with the Orbit 360 and our new super-compact virtual reality viewers.
First super easy bicycle pump head that seamlessly engages with Schrader or Presta tire valves, making airing up your tires carefree.
The Evolution of a Classic. Smart Rope is an LED-embedded jump rope that connects to your smartphone.
ESP8266 based open-source, Wi-Fi solution to simplify IoT development by virtualizing plug-n-play modules to Web of Things.
A beautifully designed hub + app giving a single point of control for all your smart home technology with unique privacy & flexibility
CoBattery is a swappable battery case that eliminates the need to plug in your phone.
Bringing you the awesome Gert VGA 666 kit for the Raspberry Pi for affordable hardware VGA support over the GPIO pins.
World's first compact Arduino with integrated OLED+WIFI+SD CARD+32K SRAM for your 21st century projects! Play, create, embed, invent.
We change the way the Internet of Things is built. Start exploring straight out of box with our mobile app and go deeper with the SDK.
MakerBloks are reactive building blocks complimented by a tablet game that introduce children to the world of electronics.
It's a mechanical keyboard and a mouse combined. Keep your hands in typing position while using the mouse. High speed Bluetooth + USB.
A mechanical spin top with strange behaviors that also acts as a gyroscope in a harmonious and mind bending form.
Experience mist with the worlds most extreme water saving nozzle. Don´t be a drainer. Only use what you need.
Brik Case is the World's most customizable laptop case. Build, collaborate and express yourself!
Designed for STEM education, Open Source! APP controlled, Arduino, supports Scratch, Bluetooth Upload, Robot. Let kids Play and Learn!
A beautiful device to inspire passion projects despite everyday life. Learn to harness your creative rhythm.
Create lighting magic anywhere with the world's first outdoor rated, digitally addressable, smart LED strip. Powered by Bluetooth Mesh.
Keep your connected devices safe from malware, exploits, and other online threats. Zero configuration or complicated setup required.
HypnoLights create never repeating artistically animated light patterns, with themes for holidays and many other lighting uses.
Mr Beam is an open source DIY laser cutter and engraver kit for paper, wood, plastic and other materials. It’s fun and easy to use.
Radian is a precision motion timelapse device that is wirelessly programmed from your smartphone.
A 4,3" High resolution HDMI Compatible LCD screen with capacitive multi touch powered by USB, for use with any device with HDMI output
Engineered beautiful. The first folding, chainless and beacon-enabled e-bike with servicing at your door free of charge!
Arduino compatibility on a HAT, with Real-World connectivity and Real-Time performance, for Pro-Makers, Learners and Educators.
The first of its kind — a microlight that dynamically reacts to your movement.
A beautifully designed, responsive, intelligent, and secure camera and hub. The eyes, ears, and brains of your modern household.
OneRNG generates random numbers that your system can use for cryptography - it's completely open source, secure but hackable
A slim profile bumper case that provides amazing drop protection. Protection that does NOT compromise on the original design
FROM $299. SHIPPING JULY 2015. Autonomous Desk: The Smartest Height-Adjustable Sit-Stand Desk. Affordable. Ergonomic. Premium Material.
Point is a smart house sitter. It listens to the sounds of your home, senses what's in the air and lets you know if anything is wrong.
Power your breadboard projects with a single 5V USB port. Toaster contains dual power rails to give voltages from 3.3V upto 16V.
HidrateMe, a smart water bottle that syncs to your phone to track your water intake and glows to remind you to stay hydrated
Feel the best tactile typing experience possible with this full-sized hardware keyboard Other Half for your Jolla smartphone.
Wheelchair wheels with integral suspension, helping you lead an active life more comfortably and with less effort.
Raspberry Pi gadget lights up when International Space Station is nearby with Live HD video from the ISS now with Wearable LEDs
Torch is a smart, wifi router that offers parents digital peace of mind as their kids explore the internet.
ESPRESSOBin is a high performance 64 bit dual core low power consuming networking computing platform based on the ARMv8 architecture
LEGOs of the future. Create amazing projects by plugging the world around you to your computer or internet.
Creates music synchronized LED light shows in real-time.  Small enough to wear, powerful enough for a stage.
Inirv React is the smartest, most beautifully designed device that keeps you safe and allows you to use your stove like never before!
Rugged, great sounding boomboxes for all of life's adventures.
Open source design lowers cost by 2/3rds of building Raspberry Pi Compute 1&2 powered cool stuff.
Adoptez eVe, partagez vos clés et surveillez votre maison | Adopt eVe, easily share your keys and watch over your house !
A circuit board and guide for kids, ages 8 to 108, who want to learn how to program Arduinos without messing with all the wires.
KREATION can be used to make your own plastic models, prototypes, molds and parts. Bring your ideas to life!
Raising money to put my first line of guitar pedals into production.
EasyTouch is the world's easiest to use capacitive touch sensor. Turn bananas, pencil drawings, water, or fabric into a touch button.
SOMNOVA is the only way to enjoy a better sleep.An effective and non-invasive high quality sleeping solution.
After 4 years of research and tons of testing, we're ready to launch! We hope you'll help us reach our goal and share our kickstarter.
LattePanda is featured with quad-core 1.8Ghz, 2/4G RAM, 32/64 GB eMMC, WIFI, Bluetooth 4.0 and USB 3.0, plus onboard Arduino processor!
Hula is a sleek and simple way to organize the cables on your macbook charger.
Say goodbye to batteries.  With this USB cable, you can power your gear anywhere you charge your phone.
The Missing Link "does the impossible; pedals like a hardtail and delivers a plush ride over bumps - without levers or electronics"
Uncompromising programmer for Atmel/Microchip 8-bit AVR-Controller, Made in Germany.
100% Atmelstudio and avrdude compatible.
Minimalist Design & Incredibly Portable Urban Electric Scooter.
An innovative, high performance suspension skateboard truck, ultra durable, long awaited enhancement to the skateboard industry.
The first smartwatch with walkie-talkie Function. Innovative design. Lifestyle convenience. Free one-to-one or one-to-many talk!
1Bitsy is a user friendly open-source ARM Cortex-M4F Development Platform and Black Magic Probe is a Plug & Play JTAG/SWD ARM debugger.
Monitor your cooking & bbq from your phone - and Amazon Alexa!  Synced conveniently to the cloud via WiFi and Bluetooth.
World's first LED decor grow light that turns your plants into show pieces. Adding beauty and foliage to your home like never before
Affordable voice-controlled smart-device for video conferencing, wireless screen sharing, live broadcasting, and security surveillance.
Truu - True wireless earbuds with wireless charging. No more charging cords or cases, just pure freedom.
Ozmo is a smart cup and app that helps you to stay hydrated, avoid kidney stone and keep your skin glowing.
The computer for the entire world.
Coffee Science Machine.
Charge & Listen to Superior Sounding Music on iOS Devices with a Battery-free DAC & Amplifier. Save Big before it's in the Apple Stores
Build a professional grade Linux CNC control with Beaglebone black and our CNC cape.
3rd Generation of SoundDuino. Audio shield for Arduino with  higher audio quality and more functions
BRISE A.I. technology maximizes the fresh healthy air you breathe anytime anywhere and can smartly adjust to meet your uniqueness.
The first Android-based laptop powered by Remix OS 2.0 creating unbelievable computer experiences at an incredible price.
Introducing the Raptor 2. The world's most powerful direct drive electric skateboard. Featuring 28mph top speed & Over 25-mile range.
RaceCapture brings motorsports to the connected car: Share track days, autocross, drift and drag racing with your friends in real time!
This new board allows you to have up to 4 I2C busses for your Raspberry Pi / Arduino projects and has Grove Connectors and LEDs.  Wow!
The next evolution in home irrigation. Eve takes your smart yard to the next level with moisture sensor feedback for ultimate control.
PenSe: The simple and effective case for your Apple Pencil. Think PenSe for protection that's magnetic!
This campaign is to raise money to build our first prototype. We are two students designing a renewable energy fuel cell.
Creates perfect craft and homebrew beer fermentations by seamlessly warming or cooling the beer to 35º F + / - ambient, holds to 0.5ºF.
The Practical Meter helps you charge your phone faster by solving a problem millions of people experience.
udoq is the first docking station for mobile devices of any brand or generation.
First child monitoring solution that employs Artificial Intelligence (A.I.) to give parents smart daily highlights and smile detection
VGADuino is a small Graphic card Shield for Arduino boards that can be connected to any kind of TV or Monitors with RGB or AV ports
We've created the world's first backlit editing shortcut keyboard. 

Help us launch this new product today.
Lumioto makes it easy to add expressive, professional LED effects to your prototypes, design models, and videos
We solve headphone failure by making a flexible and stronger audio jack.
The revolutionary air-free, USB powered, solder paste, adhesive, grease dispenser. For SMT PCB prototyping and assembly, DIY and Crafts
100's of sound effects and synthesizer sounds, all in one box. A sound man in a can! Continues
A revolutionary new technology that makes an ordinary home smart. Learn what's happening in your home, and teach it some new tricks!
Mighty is the first and only device that takes your streaming music on-the-go without a smartphone. Finally.
A platform where people around the world can build and download apps for their home and business. Includes 3 killer apps!
Be the brightest house in the neighborhood with smart string lights.
Simple Graphic card Shield for Arduino with all libraries to be able to connect to the TV or Monitor with RGB or AV Composite ports
Keep your eyes on the road with our retrofittable head-up display for your motorcycle helmet.
Let Rigavit water your flowers when you are on vacation or even when you are at home...
Mirobot is the latest version of the build-it-yourself WiFi robotics kit to help children learn technology, programming and maths
An expandable board that will give anyone the ability to output any number via Nixie Tubes from a Raspberry Pi.
Bluetooth non-contact thermometer that is fast and easy to use. Create beautiful family baby moments with timeline and photo tagging
AmbiLED HD is the first high resolution ambient light conversion kits for computer monitors. It's easy to apply and open-source
Open up a world of possibilities for electro-optical applications in an epic way.
GOFISH CAM: The Extreme Action-Adventure Camera for Fishing
ARK, the next generation portable charger empowers your phone at anytime, anywhere and most important, all wirelessly.
Let Remo take control of your air conditioner and save energy with convenience and comfort.
Turn your BeagleBone Black into a wide-band (0-30 MHz) SDR with a multi-user web interface. Includes a software-defined GPS receiver.
Protect your phone from accidental syncing, data theft and malware when you connect to computers or charging stations.
Enjoy underwater life for 5 to 10 minutes - fill yourself your tank with an hand pump or a mini electric compressor.
MOVI is an offline speech recognizer and voice synthesizer that adds voice control functionality to any Arduino project
One Pi. One Year. 36 000 meters to go. And you should be a part of it!
Marvin is a plug & play IoT development board with LoRa communication. Want to get started with IoT? Go Marvin!
The Legacy Benchtop Filament Extruder Machine makes 3D Printer "ink"
A fully customizable head mounted display (HMD) solution with 3D viewing capabilities that is wearable and handsfree.
Strike, the world’s first smart baseball can detect and display the speed, spin rate and pitching trajectory of each throw of the ball.
A revolutionary travel accessory that expands, articulates, and supports personal items.
StrongVolt’s SunTrack Technology keeps your iPhone, iPad and Android devices charging when others won’t. Lightweight and easy to use.
Awesome solar greenhouse you can control from your smartphone. Self-watering. Self-fertilizing. Efficient. Sturdy. Easy assembly.
The Fish Dish by Pi Supply is a neat little add on board for the Raspberry Pi, including a switch, 3 LEDs and a buzzer.
With PhoneSoap XL, you can sanitize tablets, multiple phones, or any other objects that fit inside in just 5 minutes.
Bright Pi is the Raspberry Pi accessory you have been waiting for. Bright white and infrared illumination for your RasPi camera module.
High brightness, dimmable, linkable light bar, with cutting-edge remote phosphor and LED technologies.
The World's Smartest NFC Tag That Gives You Complete Control Over Your Smartphone With Just a Single Tap
Turn your cell phone or tablet into a microscope with this amazing lens! Works with iPhone, Android and more.
Connects Your motion control rig to Dragonframe stop motion software.  Rewards with motors are plug and play ready.
This Adapter brings fast Ethernet connectivity to your Apple iOS Device. Smart, compact. It work´s out of the box.
A USB powered MIDI foot controller for Ableton Live, MainStage, Reason and more! Now with a  5 PIN MIDI OUT JACK!
ZeroBorg; a brand new small but powerful motor controller and sensor board for the Raspberry Pi Zero. Build tiny but awesome robots!
PiUPS is Uninterruptible Power Supply & Portable Power for Raspberry Pi or Arduino. PiUPS runs on 3 AA rechargeable batteries.
THE RiNG. Your most valuable devices now comfortably and securely in hand.  A strong, slim, stylish & versatile addition to any phone.
Synchronized bicycle safety lights that flash in unison in order to make cyclist more visible and recognizable on the road.
Darts Connect is the revolution. Start playing darts with your friends and players globally anytime, anywhere.
Original Fret Laser Module - Visual FX for Guitars and more!
The SoundBrake headphone attachment can be used with any audio player to alert you to important outside sounds.
PS-1A is an adjustable switch mode DC-DC power supply. It is highly compact, breadboard friendly and requires no external components.
The PiSoC is an open source development platform which gives each person a unique opportunity to create, regardless of skill level.
Open Rail is a new open source universal linear rail system designed to be used with various T- Slot aluminum extrusion configurations.
CoAction Hero: a powerful proto-board with a 120Mhz processor, 1MB filesystem, and built-in OS for tinkerers and engineers alike.
Simple internet time-limits, usage analytics, app & site blocking - across all devices in the home, controlled from your smartphone.
A lightweight generator to charge your phone, lights, and removable battery pack as you bicycle. Pedal power by you, for now or later.
Keyless. Alarm secured. GPS tracking.
Hubble is the first 100% open, affordable laser cutter suite — from replicable hardware to community driven software & firmware.
A collaborative effort between three generations who set out to provide a premium, top-quality yoyo at an affordable price.
The World's Lightest & Smartest E-Scooter: cool, small, portable, and can be easily folded into a backpack and bring it anywhere
· Exchange multiple hard drives (SSDs or HDDs) · Slick design · Highest data transfer rates · Robust (anodized aluminum)
SITU is the smart food nutrition scale anyone can use. It weighs your food in calories and nutrients in addition to grams and ounces.
An Arduino compatible shield matched with a web based tutorial system to teach you how to talk with I2C and SPI components.
A lightweight backpack that can charge your smartphone 4 times or an iPad one full charge, and recharge via a USB port
CableKnife is the best solution for removing insulation from cables for the purpose of maximising the scrap metal value by up to 350%
Making using the serial terminal on the Raspberry Pi as easy as Pi!
Simplify IoT development via the cloud. Plug-n-play, Arduino-compatible wireless network of sensors & controllers. Open Source. Secure.
Universal 4 ports USB charger for iPhone, iPad, Android and other USB devices. Intelligent device detection for optimal charging.
Bibo Barmaid is a smart cocktail self-serve machine that creates expertly crafted mixed drinks at home with the touch of a button.
4K HEVC Android TV Media Player with optional DIY electronics, ideal for app development, home control, software developement, learning
Open-source content-driven lighting system you can use with TV or PC, Mac, HTPC displays in movies, games and daily work
Give your mobile device the ability to see & capture the world in complete darkness while revealing items not visible to your naked eye
Automatically opens your garage door when you come home. Open, close, and monitor your garage door from your phone.
The next generation of premium quality LED lighting. Extreme power efficiency in a small package.
Introducing Sprite, the cloud-based watering controller and Whisperer, the solar-powered plant sensor for effortless home irrigation
The A4-SFX is a project with the goal of creating the smallest case possible while still using high-end standardized components.
Includes Wifi Camera for video chat, Amazon delivery, pet health analyzer, weight control, diet transition planning, and more.
The Most Portable Windows 10 PC Less than 0.3 lb with Updated Resources-Cherry Trail CPU, 4G RAM, ~128G Storage, wifi ac, USB 3.0, HDMI
abode is a home security and automation company that offers a self-installed, professional-grade solution with no contracts.
Creating PC gaming controllers to bring your gaming experience to a new level.
Wireless earbuds filled with sound, yet so small they are almost invisible!
A Whole New Way to Get TV: Watch four live TV channels at once on your tablet, smartphone, or big screen TV!
With hoterway you won't wait anymore for hot water in the beginning of your shower. Save Water, Energy, Time and Money.
A power over Ethernet (PoE) add on board (HAT) for your Raspberry Pi with power management. Reduce the clutter of cables with Pi PoE!
Tinker Tie is a fully programmable, hackable Arduino-compatible RGB LED bow tie that can last over 20 hours on a single charge!
The ESP8266 programmer is an all in one programmer and breakout board for the ESP8266 ESP-01 model WiFi Microprocessor.
Putting your ports in perfect order and protecting them from human error. Explore your Raspberry Pi's GPIO ports safely and easily.
Introducing, the Worlds First & Only Custom Ride System(CRS) Inline Skate Frame. Featuring Customizable Shock Absorbing Capabilities.
SoundDuino is an Audio Shield for Arduino with all libraries and samples to play sterio 16bit 48khz quality wav files and also record
A Small Micro SD card adapter for Raspberry Pi. (About half the length of standard SD card.)
Charge your EV 5-10x faster with an Open Source Level 2 EVSE from EMW. Much cheaper & more powerful vs. existing Level 2 stations.
Wireless, modular motion tracking system for the most natural and intuitive interaction with video games, virtual reality, and more.
The "Dart" by Precision Touch™ offers a fine tip stylus with one of the smallest tips available at only 2mm using electronic circuitry.
A real, affordable, battery recovery, maintenance and extension system for consumers and small businesses.
Keeps your hot beverages at the ideal drinking temperature for 45 mins and keeps charge for 7+ refills. Comes with Wireless charging.
Tracker Now provides Worldwide Tracking in a small device and easy to use app Track Pets, Children, Travel Bags, Keys, Elderly and more
Blazing Fast 802.11ac WiFi - 1.17Gb/s. Compatible with 100's of Z-Wave & ZigBee smart sensors. All in one exquisitely designed device.
Radically upgrade your sound and music experience with this 100dB HiFi Bluetooth speaker/portable audio monitor. 50 hours playtime!
Odyssey TRX is 16-bit ADC high performance DDC SDR 0.5-55 MHz tranceiver for radio amateurs with open source.
Charge your USB-C MacBook anywhere. Connect any device.
Lightweight, affordable and carefully designed for the city. Vela is a beautiful electric bike.
The OpenFlow switch that is powerful enough to develop world changing SDN applications yet small enough to sit on your desk.
An open source WiFi LED strip controller. Use it to control analog and digital LED strips with an app and laptop.
Digital, programmable, and affordable. Bluetooth enabled, it will connect to our "Swim Practice" mobile app.
The Spreedbox is your private video conferencing and file sharing server that puts the control of your data into your own hands.
Bringing audio and analogue to Arduino. With a high quality stereo DAC, Headphone Amp, & Op Amp Outputs, Microphone & Line Inputs.
A radio module for raspberry Pi.
 - 
Ein Funkmodul für den Raspbery 
Pi.
433MHz, FSK, OOK, AES, CRC
WiReboot Makes it Easier for Everyone to Stay Connected, it will reboot the modem/router if the connection is dropped, automatically.
The key to a new internet experience. One password. No more forms to fill out. One click to buy. Control your personal data.
An 84 key, USB, Bluetooth Enabled Vintage-Typewriter Inspired Mechanical Keyboard.
Make your environment listen, react & talk to you: Deploy sensors in your home - then make simple rules which make stuff automatic!
A unique full color 28 x 28 x 3 cm clock that tells the time with words. You pick the color, Chronogram tells you the time.
Raspberry Pi & Arduino based open-source web-connected energy & environmental monitor: Home Energy, Solar PV, Heatpump  and Temperature
A 15cm Interactive Binary Ruler with Seven Logic Gates, Four Flip Flops and a Four Bit Binary Counter.
Smart Golf is a WiFi compatible smart golf club, bringing you a realistic training and playing experience everywhere.
TAP is the first commercially available smart kiln controller with an intuitive graphical user interface.
By utilizing a genuine internal cesium atomic clock, we have created the first atomic wristwatch; accurate to 1 sec in 1000 years.
Abre la puerta del garaje desde tu smartphone o smartwatch, de manera segura, olvídate de los mandos, y comparte el acceso fácilmente.
Sphericam is the world's first affordable, GPS-enabled, live internet streaming, 360º video camera
Tired of losing your messy and uninspired phone chargers? RABBIT charger is the inspired charger you've been waiting for!
Rubbee is a revolutionary electric drive which can be mounted on any bicycle in just a few seconds.
NODE Chroma, the first Bluetooth 4.0 color sensor that accurately scans any surface color into iOS apps.
Turn a $249 Dell Venue 8 Pro Tablet into a fully powered multiple-monitor workstation.
Unleash your creativity with the most innovative and powerful pen tablet ever, the Mac-based 15.4-inch Retina display Modbook Pro X.
Mayday is a standalone machine learning device that detects when your quadcopter is crashing and can deploy a parachute.
Your listening experience reinvented. Live concerts on the go. Powerful. Featherlight. Stylish. And battery-free!
Turn your cell phone or tablet into a powerful 150x microscope. Portable. Affordable. Fun!
A portable solar system that finally makes you 100% independent. Highly efficient solar panels + batteries like in the Tesla Model S.
Affordably control your home's electrical outlets and light bulbs from the Internet with your phone and a single Hook!
I will get you into Arduino programming with my affordable board, a Raspberry Pi, and clear videos and tutorials, as seen on RasPi.TV
World’s first self-standing dolly style e-scooter – by far the best combination of portability and motorized personal transportation.
A free software system built to keep your communications free and private whether chatting with friends or protesting in the street.
Now you can easily pull a flat screen TV off the wall, suspend it at eye-level in front of the fireplace & swivel it left or right.
The Macbook's most needed partner, designed purely for Macbook and made specifically for its users, giving you exactly the ports needed
Read analog sensors with GPIO Zero. Make a weather station/ voltmeter/ digital thermometer. Fits any Raspberry Pi. Perfect for the Zero
Project PERCEPTION NEURON brings you an adaptive and affordable Motion Capture System by using one of the world's smallest IMU.
Finally an ultra-low power Arduino compatible board with build-in RF able to run your AVR projects for years on a single AA battery!
E-paper 2.7" 264x176 pixel display for Raspberry Pi, sits neatly on top, with battery-backed Real Time Clock, accurate to < 3 min/year.
The best combination of speed, stability and safety delivering a superior riding experience.
A reference design for an Arduino UNO compatible board based on the FTDI FT231X USB UART, delivers 5V at a full 1A without overheating.
The PIP wireless biosensor, combined with a suite of apps, allows you to master the art of relaxation through gaming.
Sound shield for Arduino to Record and Play sound files To/From Micro-SD memory card with all Libraries and Samples for Arduino IDE
The React Sidekick is transforming the way people call for help in an emergency. Send a widespread alert with the click of a button.
Universal 16 ports (192 Watt) Charging Station for Apple, Android & other USB Devices. Intelligent Detection for Fastest Charging.
Electromagnetic induction coffee maker, can instantly prepare  a  perfect ESPRESSO and a perfect AMERICAN FILTER COFFEE
GestureR - Gesture Sensing, Proximity Sensing, Ambient Light Sensing in a single tiny module for Arduino
The SmartMachine® and the SmartModule are flexible and reliable sub1GHz-devices, IPv6 natively with a powerful Cortex M3 onboard.
Simply draw circuits connected to an Arduino-Compatible chip. Supercharge your sketches and unleash your inner DaVinci!
A retrofit motorized wheelchair unit that can attach onto any common wheelchair, is affordable & convenient for urban environments.
Hot-swap, uninterruptible, multi-supply mobile power for the Raspberry Pi — and unlimited outdoor adventures.
PiConsole - Easy wireless access to console of your Raspberry Pi from PC, Tablet, Android and iPhone
24/7 power from Rechargeable AA batteries with a 12 VDC outport.  Plug in a USB converter to power Smart Phones and digital devices.
"Rethink your home internet management, children's safety and security with iKydz your internet zapper"!
Solder like a chip shooter 9000 with these trays and a vacuum pen.
View more than 600 camera brands on a monitor or television with a maximum resolution of two megapixels.
A constant current load for testing your projects. 6 amps, 60 volts and 25 watts in a workbench-friendly package with a USB interface.
An Electric Trike for Active Mobility. 750w, 11.5 mph, 30 Miles, 3hr Charge, USA Frame, Lithium Battery, Wide Tires, Folds & Separates!
Universal USB charger for Smartphone, iOS, apple watch,even Pepple Watch!
Get instant, meaningful feedback from this smart device that accurately measures the form and performance of your barbell lifts.
The Balanduino is a new Arduino compatible Open Source balancing robot kit - easy to assemble, program, play with and expand!
Robots are awesome!, so are RC-cars, planes, and LEDs! Control yours wirelessly from your iPhone, Arduino, or any Bluetooth 4.0 device!
Signal Generator/Oscilloscope/I2C Master/GPIO runs on following platforms RaspberryPI/Beagle Bone/Intel x86,x64
(Debian/Ubuntu/Windows)
Control your lights and appliances from your smartphone, and teach your home a thing or two.
The world's FIRST 3D Beacon! The only board that does Wireless 3D. Build apps with HTML5 and Bluetooth Low Energy!
Pi Crust is a breakout board for the Raspberry Pi that makes it easier to connect electronics - help us to bring this into kit form!
The lighted globe floats in mid air, held in place by magnetic forces that causes the bulb to appear to defy gravity. VERY COOL!!
I'm going to construct a tesla coil from scratch and donate it to the local community college.
Much more than a normal soccer ball, the SOCCKET is a portable generator that provides fun and power to those who play with it.
Turn downtime into exercise time with TAO™ -  world’s 1st mobile, isometric work out system.  Great video game controller too!
Help bring 3D printing and design to The Rye Arts Center. Support our new STEM+Arts program and prepare for 21st century innovation!
Rekam1 Clay Thrower enables smartphone/speech activated launching/transporting of clays(and other things). Control 16KW with ur phone.
Touchstone is a device for performers and activists. Actors equipped with a TS transmit audio by touching objects in their environment.
Expansion board for Raspberry Pi :  easy software; control things with relays; read inputs/sensors and prototype your own circuits
Do you need some extra pins for you Arduino project? Well you can have this amazing Arduino IO shield with 64 extra pins.
Harmony Central FX forum members working together to create a collaborative pedal.
Small and powerful amplifier plays straight from your phone over bluetooth, on any speakers.
An affordable, high performance solar tracking power plant for home use.
Miracle Stake supports bigger plant varieties, producing more vegetables in less space .  Saving you money while eating healthy!
Build your own replica of a classic PDP8 minicomputer!
A 3D Printer that delivers the fine detail you crave!
Jayster keychain and app use Bluetooth Smart technology to provide the most user-friendly system for finding lost valuables.
RepRap 3d Printing  Therminator 5 Hot End
The Amazing Jellybean is a smart power switch that reboots your devices in the correct order to solve connection problems.
Easy to use controller to reflow your own PCBs in a simple toaster oven
The TROBOT is a miniature six-axis articulated robot, modeled after large industrial & assembly line robots.
easy to add extra 1,2,4 UART for Raspberry Pi Zero B+ 2B 3B
Want people to put down their phone more often? Ransomly creates 'quiet' spaces to help us reconnect with the real people in our lives.
The most compact and versatile workout product designed to give you unlimited exercise options in the comfort of your home or office.
RPi.GPIO Quick reference for GPIO programming on Raspberry Pi. Python code & port ID labels in a convenient 6" PCB ruler
Krimston TWO: iPhone Dual SIM Case
Introducing the PiDrive, a high capacity Solid State Drive (SSD) expansion card for the Raspberry Pi B+, A+, and B+ v2!
SSD, WiFi, RTC w/Battery and high power USB all in one shield.
A luggage that is more than a luggage! It is what you want it to be.
The world's most powerful portable speaker and guitar amplifier. Turns any surface into a speaker.
Providing a control system and cybersecurity hands-on educational platform for professionals, home-use, and academic institutions.
BrightFingers' lighting keyboard, gloves and software give kids a multi-sensory way to learn to type — and the desire to practice.
Students, makers, and engineers can write Linux software applications to achieve any network functions, such as NAS, VPN and Firewall.
Award-Winning Audio Design Experts Voix are back with their latest product. The amazing mi8| Retro Duo Wireless Stereo Sound System.
The Pi Supply is an intelligent power switch for the Raspberry Pi which includes hard on and off switches and auto-off on shutdown.
Fully Programmable Solar BMS ( Battery Management System ) Learn to program microcontrollers and HW design video tutorials
Open Source
An innovative portable generator that turns heat into electricity. Now with 10 Watts of power at your fingertips... all while you cook!
Small HDMI screens are  expensive. Native HD ones are astronomical. We want to drive the price down "Raspberry Pi" style.
ProtoLeap is an open source platform which helps everyone learn electronics and also simplifies any designers' life in prototyping!
World's safest CPU delid tool. Delid your CPU with complete confidence. Works on Haswell, Devil's Canyon, Skylake and more.
Real-Time Audio Synthesis and Effects with the Arduino. A great tool for the exploration of new sounds and signal processing.
A mouth and voice operated game controller, mouse, and keyboard to assist a disabled gamer in playing games on the PS3, PC or Android
Double your Windows laptop by adding 256GB of Secure, Seamless, Storage. A simple, tool-free upgrade.
Ultimate printer for productivity & engineering materials. Independent toolheads, massive heated build area, bulletproof construction.
Use your head to amplify sound. 3.5mm jack acts as a Bluetooth receiver to other headphones. Use for running, cycling, walking & more
JeepNeed is a science and tech lab on redesigned local transportation. We're dedicated to ending that long walk to school.
Want to power your smart phone, iPad, or Arduino project with green solar energy? This kit includes everything you need!
V-Slot is the first, completely internal integrated linear motion framing system!
ImageLOCK uses images instead of numbers and now features colors, more symbols and an administrative key. It is easy and memorable.
Quick reference for GPIO Zero coding. Python code &  Raspberry Pi port ID labels on a beautiful 12"/30cm PCB ruler
A new, inventive and sustainable way to do Pipelines!
Get Napwell: The world's first sunrise sleep mask that helps you nap well.
We are building a low cost camera platform so hackers and makers like you can build your own network camera.
Turn loads on and off with your Arduino!  Use 5V to control up to 100V.  Add a motor, solenoid, or get creative!
Open access to the internet in downtown Paonia and at the Paonia town park, compliments of the Delta County Library District.
PixelPusher lets you light up and program thousands of dazzling multicolor LEDs from anywhere with a network connection.
Un bureau contemporain art déco intégrant une machine tactile grand format tournant sous android. La naissance du "Mobilier Connecté".
Music and Phone Calls anywhere with SQueo™: Stylish / Ultra-Light Waterproof / Sand Proof Bluetooth Speaker. With Mag Connector & Cord
A simple, effective energy efficiency solution that will save you money.
This is how Sherline should have done it.
Mesmerizing. NeoLev™ Board is a small hovering board which levitates above a surface and can hover in place or move back and forth.
Kindle a fire in the hearts of young makers by funding free make-and-take pressure sensitive switch kits for the Detroit Maker Faire.
iRBeacon: smarter remote for a smarter home
Use your brainwaves to help you rest, guided by soothing music and fading lights. Lucid dreaming and meditation versions available.
Allow iOS devices to benefit from your existing professional grade high precession GNSS receiver -Trimble, Topcon, John Deere etc
The all in one kickstand, air pump, taillight, and tire lever all in one that will help you reduce weight for that long ride ahead
A true console with access to thousands of games from past, present and future, powered by a spiritual successor to Commodore Amiga OS.
Produce your own filament for your 3D printer. Use recycled plastics or new pellets to create your own master-batch for extrusion.
The Fling is a desktop catapult made entirely of carbon fiber.  It's the perfect way to show one's nerdiness...
Viperswiper™ is a no hassle, easy to attach wiper, designed to keep your side window view clear every time you roll up your window.
Bringing back the Mojo to iPhone 5 underwater. IPX8 Waterproof, Shockproof, Snowproof, Dirtproof and Childproof Removable Battery case
Light up your face to the music around you
The Magic Grow Carpet  allows you to raise amazing gardens in pots in a very minimal space using minimum amounts of water!!!
The Photon is a solar self charging boombox scooter with integrated speakers built on a solar pod with bluetooth and USB charging port.
The Arduino Project Board allows you to easily use Arduino-programmed chips in your finished electronics project.
We need $2500 to send our drive team to the FRC World Championships  in St. Louis.  We are hoping for $13000 to send our entire team.
The Goal: Make the process of building a RepRap less intimidating for people who are interested but don't know where to start.
Arduino compatible and Open source. This GPS data logger records everywhere it has been.  Learn and have some fun!
DeskCade: the build it yourself desktop arcade console powered by the Raspberry Pi!
Finally play Scorched Earth in real life, or just round up a group of kids & have a blast launching paper rockets 350 ft into the air!
Stereophone transforms your home's unused phone jacks into a multi-room sound system controllable via smart phone.
Low cost 32Watt LED shop light, space age shop light
ATLAS is a flying multicopter that can carry, and drop off, heavy items to places without the need for a pilot.
Jiko Spark uses heat to charge cell phones & USB devices. For Emergencies, Disaster Prep, Camping or Donate Sparks to your charity.
Celebrate New England D.I.Y. with Rhode Island’s own Mini Maker Faire, held at Waterfire in the Creative Capital—Providence, RI.
Fresh air in your classroom, office or bedroom? CO2 is a key indicator of indoor air quality. Measure it anywhere on iOS or Android.
Run your sprinklers from anywhere on your smartphone, tablet or PC. Ready to ship first week of May for Spring/Summer 2014.
The Blue Green Box is plant growing system for your 10-gallon freshwater aquarium! Its the most friendly aquaponics system.
Take music from your headphone jack and bring beats to light!
ClockTHREE Jr. is an 9"x9" Open Hardware word clock.  Currently we support 4 languages: English, German, Dutch and French.  Add yours!
Automate the fermentation process of homebrewing beer with the Fermostat: a dual-stage programmable thermostat.
Transform your smart phone, tablet, smart watch, or PC into an engine check diagnostic tool, trip computer, performance meter, and more
The P112 is a single board computer using the Z180 microprocessor running CP/M, DOSPLUS, or ZSDOS.
The DIY Desktop CNC Machine - automated fabrication in your home. Your personal cutting/engraving/etching/milling machine in kit form.
The ultimate beer kegerator upgrade. Monitor keg volume, give users accounts, and more! Visit us at kegbot.org
Synchronously control four DC motors at the same time with only three pins on Arduino.  The design has a 3 or 4 wire SPI slave port
Comes with all the hardware and software you need to quickly get your FPGA project going.  Now you can focus on the real engineering.
netAQUA Irrigation Controller: web-enabled, easy to use, accessible from anywhere, automatically adjusts to weather.
A battery pack for Arduino that makes fixed 5v dc with only 3 small AAA size battery even if the batteries voltage drop
Control the movements of a live cockroach from your own mobile device! This is the world's first commercially available cyborg!
iCPooch is an internet enabled device that lets you video chat and deliver your dog a treat from anywhere in the world!
Ever needed to record an important phone call, transfer voicemail to computer or capture any audio phone plays? You need RECAP!
Use with your smartphone, ipad or android tablet to view and capture UV-Fluorescent images. Many applications for home & industrial use
The Cornet3 is a 3rd generation tube phono preamp for vinyl playback.
lift is Bluetooth 4 powered garage door controller. Wouldn't it be cool to open your garage door with your iPhone.
Open Analog is an organization dedicated to exciting makers about analog hardware. We make popular ICs into transistor level kits!
An affordable, high-powered portable USB Charger with a 1A charging rate powered by 3 AA batteries that fits inside an altoids tin.
We're developing a new flywheel technology which will dramatically reduce the cost of energy storage and clean energy.
A monitor-mounted smartlight that creates the optimal illuminated environment for whatever screen-based activity you are doing.
The worlds first body worn action-cam camera mount that shows you in extreme action from any perspective you want.
Kepler is an intelligent gas and carbon monoxide detector that features active monitoring, intelligent alarms, portable design and more
+port allows you to power your mobile device and use USB devices at the same time
Never be without power again. Charges full in 4½ hours of direct sunlight and refills your phone 3 times. A solar charger that works!
Breadboard to Arduino Style Shield Adapter. Easily use any Arduino style shield in a breadboard circuit.
A team of high-school students with a passion for rocketry build a micro-H2O2 rocket, pioneering a cleaner and safer form of propulsion
An open source linear bearing for CNC equipment that is low cost and extremely easy to integrate into your design.
Advanced LED technology built to grow plants from seed to harvest without the hassles of weather and costs of conventional grow lights.
Quadcopter flight control system with built in IMU and Cortex-M4F processor.
Ever wished for a single-board computer like Raspberry Pi but with better performance and x86 architecture? JaguarBoard is your answer!
Combining sleek modern design and a comfortable ride, the Caruca is the next big thing that is sure to change the game of golf forever!
EVE is open hardware. A server for connecting all your wireless devices to a single point, no larger than a box of playing cards.
The KUDU is a multifunctional grill, griddle, and fire pit designed to create the ultimate outdoor experience.
1st GPS watch w/ color maps on a 2” screen, Leikr challenges how intuitive a watch can get: one-glance display, downloadable workouts.
Plant Link makes you a smarter gardener.
μGO removes the shackles of limited hard drive space by giving mobile devices the ability to access data from external SD cards
InfoMotion Sports Technologies rocks the Digital Sports world with it’s 94Fifty  motion sensor basketballs.
An evolution in PC Gaming devices, the Stinky Footboard is the perfect companion to your Mouse and Keyboard. Improve your Gameplay!
Does your iPad case charge your phone? The LilyPad Case uses new solar ink to convert light into energy. It includes HDMI & More!!
Power two USB devices in the same time like your phones and GPS units or Raspberry Pi, while outdoors or in the lab.
The best design. High efficient, iPhone and Android UNIVERSAL multi charger for home, office and much more...
Rico is the world’s first smart-home security device that uses your spare smartphone as its brain and eyes.
The MyPiFi LED bar for the Raspberry Pi, Arduino, Hummingboard, Beagleboard, PCduino and other GPIO devices. Great for projects.
An all-in-one breadboard with Oscilloscope, Spectral Display, Function Generator, and Power Supply.
SmartCharge™  -  World's first LED light bulb which you can turn ON/OFF from the same wall switch even during a power outage.
The Battery Shield makes it easy to add 9 volts to any chipKIT, Arduino, CHIPINO or any other chipKIT / Arduino/ CHIPINO style module.
There are plenty of Raspberry Pi cases available, but the Spin Case is where great function meets refined design.
The BoomPro is a helmet mounted extension rod that easily allows for a unique third person filming angle for the GoPro camera.
3in1 Aircraft Aluminum Ballpoint Pen with fine-point precision stylus & silicone tip for better interaction on Android & Apple devices
A professional grade, affordable data acquisition and control board that promotes an open standard in top tier DAQC.
If you know anyone in Florida, chances are you've heard of our secret agent problem. Here at FAMiLab, we hope to purchase a laser to cut them in half!
PDF directions for building an RC vertical takeoff and landing airplane.
Low cost Arduino compatible master of light in a tiny package for custom projects
6LED, Buzzer,RTC,Step/Servo Motor,RFID reader, NRF24L01, ESP8266 WiFi, Bluetooth,16x2/20x4/ 84x48LCD,HAT EEPROM,  DHT22, UltraSonic,...
Mycestro™ is a 3D mouse that fits on the index finger and allows you to control your computer with hand gestures and mouse functions.
A smart phone controlled power outlet which has precise timer, continuously variable dimmer and surge protector in it.
Protect your camera's HDMI & USB ports from $1000 repair fees and prevent sudden signal loss that can ruin your shots.
GUARDZILLA is the first All-Weather, AC/DC-powered, Wi-Fi security camera. Monitor your world from wherever you are on your smartphone.
A sturdy, customizable 3D printer that is easy to use and affordable for all. 3D print almost any object. There are no limits!
The BeerBug™ connects you with the inner workings of your fermenting beer:  S.G., Temp, Alcohol%, Real-time updates, Share, & Explore
The EMBRACE+ keeps you informed, while your smartphone stays in your pocket or purse!
Deliver a personal robotics experience to every student in our class this spring, while also getting a cool robot yourself!
Start 3D Printing with an Affordable, Quick Build, Optimized, Large Format 3d Printer. Available as a DIY Kit or Fully Assembled!
The SLD is an intuitive USB-based MEMS data acquisition system with superior functional capabilities in a small and lightweight package
FIRST Team 1891, from Meridian, ID: a high school robotics team building robots and inspiring kids to study engineering and technology.
Avago ADNS-9800 High-Performance LaserStream™ Gaming Sensor module. Motion detection up to 150 inches per second.
Transmit or receive any radio signal from 30 MHz to 6000 MHz on USB power with HackRF.
Be among the first to get your hands on the Eco-friendly Solar powered on road/off road Ebike that goes anywhere ...

- THE BEAST! -
Build a Fiberglass Guitar with Killer Tones and Retro Looks!  Easily customized and no painting required. Made in the USA!
Using the 3D Refiner you'll transform any 3D Print into a high quality beautifully finished part in a fraction of the time!
Force sensitive film that can be easily cut into any shape to be used as a sensor or switch for Arduino and other electronic projects.
SAFE and FAST USB charging on-the-go!!! Protect yourself against Identity Theft . Works with Lightning Connector / MicroUSB
Safety inspired, extreme durability, comfort and ease of use. The fundamentals behind the VuPack. Evolutionary and revolutionary design
Our project is to build an affordable desktop CNC machine that can be used to mill, cut, route and engrave common materials.
Customizable arcade controls and a multi-control adapter transform the 1982 and Flashback ColecoVision, plus the Atari 2600 and 7800.
MICO makes it easy for your Arduino project to interact with people over a phone call. Get your MICO and focus on your awesome project!
bluebuddy provides the fastest way to log and share dive logs; it is the must-have accessory for the connected scuba diver.
Enjoy photographing movies on your iPhone with an ultra-small stabilizer which will get rid of the camera shake.
Do you want to increase production and/or speed up the production process?
Do you have an Android phone collecting Dust? Put it to work with STEMbot1, an easy to build kit that will make your phone come alive.
Smart Car, OBD, Dual-Mode Long Range Bluetooth, GPS/GNSS Tracker, NFC and more.  Works with free iOS and Android Apps. No Monthly Fees.
The ilatch is a case that meets all needs, in any environment and is super helpful for kids and parents!
a member-based digital fabrication workshop in austin, texas. your pledge helps make a down payment on a laser cutter and cnc router.
Our mission is to provide the highest quality, easiest to install, twist-in LED lamp replacement for street and area lighting.
The Demo-Shield makes it easy to get started with Arduino, chipKIT, CHIPINO or any Arduino style module.
A revolutionary system combining your favorite downhill ski binding with the most efficient touring capabilities available.
Our project is to build a set of CNC components that can easily be assembled in many different ways to create one incredible machine.
The IR-Blue is an affordable thermal imaging accessory for iPhone and Android Devices. See the world in a new way.
A professional grade MultiCopter designed with a focus on user experience, value and state-of-the-art flight technology.
The watch for the electronic geek. All the features of a watch combined with an oscilloscope and a waveform generator.
This network security device is the powerful toolset and opensource platform that developers and hobbyists have been waiting for.
A Bright Gleaming Brick of Pure Rock & Roll.
Bootable from a PC or Mac, StormFly is a secure, super-fast USB 3.0 with an Operating System, built into a cool wristband.
Small and powerfull development board for ARM Cortex-M3
myLIFTER is a "smart" lifting device that you control with your iOS or Android 4.3 smart  phone or tablet over Bluetooth 4.0!
RELAY the convenience of your WALL SWITCH function to any other electrical DEVICE in the room with the e5 Relay!
The RepRap 3D printer that can reproduce itself, as well as useful 3D plastic objects!
A pair of kits or finished assemblies to make easy control/user interfaces for micro-controlled projects.
Create hands-on classroom experience for Agile / Scrum Design and Manufacturing, build a car with WIKISPEED at their Seattle HQ
Super-high performance Bluetooth speaker; waterproof & sand proof, that fits in your jeans pocket - minus all the stuff you don't need.
Super I/O and power supply card for Raspberry PI. 13 Ana/Digital/Pulse Inputs, 2 Ana Outs, 8 Digital 1A Outs, RS232, RS485, CAN, AHRS
Fun board for learning. Use with Arduino or this new ATtiny board.
The Ultra-Bot 3D Printer is a beautiful printer inspired by the original Makerbot Cupcake. Buy as an Upgrade, Full Kit, or Assembled.
RFIDler (RFID Low-frequency Emulator & Reader). An open platform RFID reader/writer/emulator that can operate in the 125-134 KHz range.
Waterproof flash drive, stylus and phone stand in a small package
A project dedicated to saving the Earth and proving the DC motor is supreme to combustion engines.
The Wahoo RFLKT+ Smart Bike Computer: an iPhone powered bike computer  that connects your iPhone wirelessly to ANT+ cycling sensors
PowerBarr lets you charge your mobile devices using solar energy, without plugging into the wall. Help make it accessible today!
mibo is a simple yet high efficieny digital microscope conversion kit for your cell phone. Explore amazing details of the world.
A Magnetic Levitation Sculpture that levitates a small magnetic cube without any power input or spinning required.
Laser cutters are too expensive for most people to individually own.  We at HeatSync Labs want one to share with the local community.
Power your USB devices like Phones, Raspberry Pi, Arduinos  from a multitude of power sources like solar arrays, cars, boats, batteries
User customizable and reprogrammable LED flow toys. IR and Android wireless control. Create and add custom graphics, text and logos.
This kit is for young and novice builders of electronic circuitry. It will guide them through the fundementals of circuit design.
We are developing a line of professional LED props that the hooper, staffer and poi spinner in all of us can enjoy.
Easy to use bluetooth food scale with companion iOS app that tracks what you eat and provides accurate nutritional information.
The Pax Instruments T400 is a simple, accurate, inexpensive, open source, four-channel temperature datalogger.
Internal watercooling system for my Clevo P375sm-a, and maybe other models further down the road
Industrially designed to keep your Pi safe, even outdoors & lets you program, shoot video, game, overclock & play with electronics...
Build this simple electronic candle kit.  Simulates a flame without the worry, 3 LED's for an animated flame, timed modes, auto off.
The T1 Trust is building the 5550 T1 duplex-drive steam locomotive from scratch. The first step is to create its keystone.
PicDevUSB - A USB Enabled PIC Microcontroller Development Board
Trax is a tiny and smart GPS tracker that locates your Children and Pets using an intuitive App. It's easy to use and affordable!
KREATION is an affordable vacuum former that allows you to mould plastic into almost any shape!
Vololights alerts drivers behind you to your rate of deceleration whether you are engine braking, downshifting or using brake levers.
The first Smart Shoe to reduce stress and impact to the body by allowing a natural motion for Golf & Baseball players.
Kickstarter project to provide detailed open source docs for smd parts feeders I built for my PNP machine.
iPhly lets you fly R/C airplanes and drive R/C cars from your iPhone or iPod Touch. Both the hardware and the software are open source.
Celebrate New England D.I.Y: Rhode Island’s own Mini Maker Faire, August 28, 2010!
A post-PC scanner for a post-PC world.  Scandock utilizes your smartphone and is the fastest and most efficient way to scan.
A car power supply for your Raspberry Pi that senses your ignition and safely shuts down your Pi.
Festive PiRingo boards from 4tronix are a fun way to learn GPIO programming in Python or Scratch with Christmas themed designs.
Please help support the launch of Smart Power Base, an external battery to power your Arduino, Raspberry Pi, and Beagle Bone projects
ZKOO is a fun and unique new way to play and interact with hundreds of your existing games and apps.
Your own firefly light show anytime
Also available in Carbon Fiber finish. Amazing impact protection and timeless design; the most innovative iPhone case, with style.
Micro-USB in-line shutdown circuit switch for Raspberry Pi
Arduino talking on the phone is now easy! MICO does the heavy lifting so you can focus on your remote controlled project.
A pressure sensitive stylus for iPad and Android tablets. Inexpensive to produce and buy, all designs and software will be open source.
World's First Smartdock controlled by APP on your smartphone. Works with Tablets, iPhone 6 5S 5C 5 4, Samsung, HTC, Windows Phone
An open-source, wireless, Internet of Things Greenhouse monitoring and automation system for your farm or garden.
Scan on the go, translate immediately. WorldPenScan X is a pen scanner & translator for iPhone/Android phone, iPad, tablets & Mac/Win.
ControLeo is based on the Arduino Leonardo. It is a quad relay controller enclosed in a professional box.
Its not just about the ride, its not just about the music, ... Its about riding to earn your music.
The Xminilab is a combination of 3 electronics instruments: an oscilloscope, a waveform generator and a protocol sniffer. Now Portable
Connect to your Raspberry Pi with ease and flexibility.  Opto-isolated GPIO pins.  Wide range operating voltage.  High current outputs.
The Maximite BasicBoxX (BBX) Computer delivers an updated, modern day version of the Commodore 64, Apple II, TRS-80 style computers.
Chip is easy, reusable, and cute. From electronics kit to a programmable friend, Chip is perfect for makers of all ages.
Moff band is a wearable smart toy.
 
Everything you do. Everything you hold. Change into toys.
We're building a huge, clear pin-tumbler lock to assist in the hands-on education of basic lock mechanics and lockpicking. 
Able-HD: The Latest in HD Monitor Technology -
This 17" portable monitor weighs less than an iPad and has HD 1080p resolution.
The award-winning LHS Robotics Team has its sights set on nationals. Our baby robot needs a more athletic sibling to live the dream.
The BZB Solderless Breadboard is a Modular Electronics Exploration Station with built in Arduino compatability.
An ultra high quality SMART illumination system that's flexible, super-thin, soft, stable and can be shaped to your desires.
DIY FreeNAS Project to learn about and share learnt experience.
Trace makes action sports measurable, sharable, and comparable. Track, compete, and share.
Computer-controlled relay board for 24 DC loads (to control LED Christmas lights or whatever you can think of).
Strap, carry, stick, clamp, wrap, hang, prop and even protect the iPad 2 almost anywhere with the FLEX Kit for iPad 2.
The first true stereo headphone made for people with unilateral deafness/hearing loss. Experience stereo sound with a single ear!
We are happy to reintroduce MAKI, a robot which can be replicated using a desktop 3D printer and off-the-shelf hobby electronics.
ArduRF takes the pain out of wireless links for the Arduino platform.
Atmega328 and a HopeRF RFM69 radio with battery charging onboard
OwnPhones - The World's First 3D Printed Wireless Earbuds Custom Fitted to Your Ears and Perfectly Designed to Match Your Personality
Now Carry ONE PC in your pocket Everywhere for Everything. Get rid of all Gaming Consoles, Desktop PCs, and IPTV Boxes.
A Bluetooth receiver that can connect to 3 devices simultaneously and offers great sound quality.
Next generation, leather wallet designed with built-in Bluetooth BLE & GPS tracker, and a 1000 mAh battery for charging on the go.
The LPLC TOO is a tiny, low power microcontroller board designed to act as the glue logic on your next Internet of Things project
The Lamobo D1 is the smallest open-source development board around, with a built-in HD mini camera. Create your own mini-cam now!
Easy to use epaper display for a uController or use an ePS Display standalone. Includes Cortex M3 uController with available GPIO.
Powerful robotics control for your computer such as a Raspberry Pi or PC. Connect with USB and start with Scratch or Python.
Charge and protect your devices while blocking data syncing and "juice jacking."  For work, home, travel, everywhere!
Hands & eyes-free access to Siri & Google Now. Tap & speak to send messages, schedule meetings, make phone calls, and more.
The Civility is a precision-machined aluminum yoyo designed to help players learn the most advanced yoyo tricks on YoTricks.com.
Stepperature is a DIY, Open Hardware, Manual Pulse Generator (Quadrature) hand wheel interface for CNC, audio, or other projects.
CarbonBat - A Cool Black Arduino Bat That Tells CO2 Level. Specially For Planet-lovers, Arduino-lovers, and Kids in Science Education.
A wireless Oxygen Analyzer for SCUBA divers. Use a smartphone to analyze your diving gasses, log the results and share them.
The world's first open-source Arduino based rapid fire and macro platform for the Xbox 360
A universal, 100% open source plastic extruder, for DIY 3D Printers, Makerbots, Ultimakers and more!  Single or Dual Extruder!
FixMeStick for Mac: First plug-in and plug-out device that anyone can use to remove hard-to-detect malware from Apple computers.
A smart home controller that speaks to all your smart devices and stacks all your apps.
LED Lighting for your late model Mustang.   Shelby look tail light conversion kit bolts right on for your 05-09 Mustang
An illuminated safe shutdown circuit for your Raspberry Pi! Communicates with the Pi to power down then removes power after OS finishes
I have developed kits to teach how to send power inductively through the air. I need your help to make it marketable.
Surfwize for Homes is a network device and cloud management website that gives visibility and control over your family's internet use.
TinyTimer is a timer capable of executing complex and repetitive cycles.  Program with Arduino or via knob/switch.  Control DC or AC
An extensible open-source high current RGB LED fixture driver with integrated analog faders, pushbuttons, microphone, and Bluetooth.
BoostMini is an inexpensive way to get the 5 volt power you need. It is designed to use inexpensive AA batteries with high efficiency.
Excy is Unmatched In Versatility, Durability, And Portability With Quality Resistance For Total Body Workouts + On-Demand Mobile Coach
Everything you need to start your Raspberry Pi, in a Mini-ITX motherboard
Hard- and software developers can protect their PC/Laptop from connected circuits using this universal USB Isolator.
Aletheia Game Studio, a game development studio that teaches kids video game development, is building a computer lab. We need help!
A super high resolution 9.7" LCD panel with an Arduino compatible adapter that connects to your computer
A DIY kit designed to spark students' interest in STEM through the creation of their own Heliostat.
A customizable, laser-cut, retro, chunky, Do-It-Yourself, miniature video arcade cabinet for the Raspberry Pi.
Maxifab is a project to develop a 3D printing framework. Build a 3d printer your way. No Limits.
A mini and inexpensive Arduino Leonardo compatible development board.
A low-cost, open source USB 3.0 Software Defined Radio platform with many examples and tutorials to help you experiment with RF.
The sprout board is a board designed to help you to create permanent high quality projects with a simple but feature filled platform.
The first detachable electric drive system for your skateboard/longboard.  The lightest, most practical electric vehicle kit available.
Rechargeable batteries save us a lot of money but take a lot of time. What if you could recharge a battery in seconds instead of hours?
Need the latest electronics on your 3D printer? Want to build them yourself to save some $$$? We do, and it's always more fun to share.
A customizable enclosure system for building project and small scale production boxes. 
It's a box. Your box!
Okapi is a variable speed fan control system for Solar Collector Air Heaters. It is robust, serviceable, smart and Patent Pending.
A hardware interface to open up a low-cost avenue to connect real  surplus flight hardware to MS FSX and Laminar X-Plane.
An innovative gadget that will stop you from ever getting caught swinging a dirty bag of dog waste on your walks again.
Protect your Arduino Uno with this Interconnect Shield featuring over-voltage protection, analog filtering, and power conditioning
The Easyhook Driver Bit is designed to install standard sized brass, aluminum and steel cuphooks and eyebolts at all angles with ease.
Create your own TV Channel Guide as a mash-up of streaming apps, websites & broadcast TV with Mohu Channels. We’re making TV fun again!
This board will allow anyone to add capacitive touch.  By attatching with a two way tape, or PSA, a digital IO will toggle with a touch
Add more USB to your Raspberry Pi Zero in the simplest and the easiest way: without solder anything, just plug and play. Only screws.
A simple and elegant solution to help use a large phone with one hand.
This bow sander supports a sanding belt under tension. The sanding belt flexes to contour to any size or shape curve.
Introducing a new camera for all your 3D creations.
An easy to use motor/servo driver board and integrated power supply for your Raspberry Pi! Make cool robots and other awesome projects!
Linus is an inexpensive, simple to use drawing robot kit that can draw from photos or sketches on the computer.
THE "FOCUS BUDDY" HELPS YOU FOCUS YOUR DSLR WHEN SHOOTING STILLS OR VIDEO. MAKES SHOOTING IN FOCUS FAST AND EASY. MADE IN OREGON
5-in-1 weather station + HD camera that captures real-time weather data + sky image at your location. Next Generation Weather Network.
A safe, smart and fast Raspberry Pi Battery HAT that can power your Pi and let you see what's going on.
Need an affordable logic analyzer? Or a wireless oscilloscope? Maybe all-in-one! Let's make more cool stuff with DSLogic.
The only follow focus controlled by a trigger. Virtually silent, it offers both true Run & Gun capability and cinematic focus movement.
Ola: The world’s first keyless and phoneless Bluetooth enabled fingerprint smart lock. The fastest operation. The longest battery life.
VFE Pedals is building a new lineup of effects pedals that is budget friendly without compromising tone.
An all-tube desktop/rackmount guitar amplifier and direct box, specifically designed for direct recording.
Make Stuff You've Always  Dreamed About
Secures your garage door by closing it for you if you forget! Even capable of integrating with your home security/automation systems!
A quick and easy way to add a LCD board to your project and also a Kickstarter Staff Pick
Okapi is the intelligent, variable speed fan control system for Solar Air Heaters. Now, monitor your heaters & log data via Bluetooth!
Make your own gadgets! Modular laser-cut acrylic housings for Arduino,  Raspberry Pi and electronics projects.
Help build the world's fastest 1.5V Lorentz Motor!
I am trying to upgrade the software programs, web access, and weather station hardware that I use for my local weather reporting.
Pi Pan RTP by AVIES Tech is our economical aluminum Raspberry Pi case that is Ready-To-Paint. User design contest inside!
A project to design and create a Safe, Cheap and Open source Amateur rocket.
This arduino / Raspberry Pi compatible board supports 7x different sensors, a 555 timer (monostable), 2x amplifiers and 2x comparators!
Wi Fi Controller for non coherent light emitters used in acupuncture point stimulation.
OSLOOM (short for OPEN SOURCE LOOM) is a project creating an open source electromechanical thread-controlled loom that will be computer controlled.
Now, for the first time, downhill skating can be controlled with a high-tech internal mechanical brake.
Convert drum and guitar pedals to USB MIDI to control audio software and plugins. Includes 6 USB inputs. Output fully configurable.
This lock is a deadbolt protecting device to prevent unwanted intruders. This promotes security and safety for you and your family.
SubPac is a tactile audio device that quietly and directly transfers low frequencies to your body, allowing you to FEEL MUSIC.
You are funding construction of a competition robot, testing facilities and support of the GHS Endians Robotics Team for FTC.
Create beautiful time-lapse and special FX shots with our new ultra-portable professional system. For DSLR and digital cinema cameras.
A high efficiency heat exchanger that reclaims thousands of watts from your dryer exhaust! Built-in intelligent electronic controller.
I am building a modified PowerWheels to for the PPPowerWheels race at Kansas City Maker's Faire,  I need your help to WIN!
Macbook matching aluminum storage expansion for Macbook Air or Macbook Pro (or other ultrabook PCs). Add up to 128GB / 256GB / 384GB
Clip-on smart electronic engine monitoring. Safeguard and tune your classic car’s valuable motor from your phone or tablet.
Help us create  4 new UpSki setups for free use and instruction. Ski ascent - powered by the wind on snow.
Disclaimer: picture is of prototype Consumer design is a 3d printed plastic enclosure. Solar and wall charged portable USB charger
It is a smartphone anti-loss accessory that connects with your iPhone 4s, iPhone 5 or Android phone that supports Bluetooth 4.0 or BLE.
Ubertooth One is an open source 2.4 GHz wireless development platform that can be used for Bluetooth sniffing and more.
A glove-based input device that provides full mouse/keyboard control built for wearable/mobile computing and handicapped users.
A rich harmonic distortion guitar effect pedal, 100% analog, packed in a polished aluminum case, and handmade in Fort Worth,Texas, USA.
A simple, inexpensive, Open Source hardware high voltage power supply that runs on 5-15V DC with 0-1250V at 20W or 100W(5s) output
An affordable, high quality ambisonics microphone that captures the true 3-dimensional representation of an acoustical ambience.
The Fusion Plate allows a user to seamlessly flow from shoulder strap to the tripod. Bringing together Utility, Convenience and Safety.
Bringing back the Mojo to the new iPhone with our award winning  removable battery case with customized 3D printed top cover
LPLC Board; A powerful, low cost, ultra low power microcontroller development board with template software and online tutorials.
I am interested in testing the plant yields of this vertical garden as well as some other applications
A better alarm clock - one that focuses on waking you up comfortably, instead of ruining your morning.
A simple, key-chain sized solution to charge your iPhone 5 on the go with micro-usb or 30-Pin connecters.
We need £5,000 to develop the must-have RaspberryPi peripheral. For that money we want to send a HotPi to at least 500 people.
Not only a prototyping shield for Arduino, but also an Arduino-compatible, prototyping board for your next stand-alone project.
Two processor boards to choose from! Functions include servo motor control, panic alarm, Arduino compatible outputs & one talks to you!
One, tiny Dart. Power for all your devices. Perfect for your mobile lifestyle. #TheDart #PerfectlyMobile
VFE Pedals is upgrading their most popular pedal, the Alpha Dog distortion, by purchasing custom, American-made potentiometers.
The OLED Display is a simple cost effective solution for interfacing to a small Organic Light-Emitting Diode (OLED) Display.
Hands-free body mount and harness system for smartphones, cameras and tablets, allowing for video, multitasking and sharing on the go.
These carbon fiber aerobar arm rest are handmade in Boulder, CO. The length and taper offer bicycle racers the best possible comfort!
Experience the fascination of controlling your computer directly with your eyes!
The ball and joint design is the safest. A ridged aluminum or plastic design will break or cause injury. Over 150 in use world wide.
My dad and I have been trying to build a board to surf on Lake Michigan with!
Worlds first affordable plug & play, secure, long range wireless for Arduino
The CEE is our USB analog multitool, letting learners and makers interact with the analog world.
An easy to use device that allows anyone to quickly and simply increase the available memory in their MacBook computer.
Pi Pan is our Raspberry Pi case that features a variety of lids and mounting brackets to fit a variety of uses. Student discounts!
Super efficient Personal Solar Power Station to
charge your iPad, iPhone or any other smart phone. 
With excellent reading light.
Putting Big Screen Gaming In Your Pocket.
ChargeDrive is the world's most versatile phone accessory. It's a Phone Charger Cable, Flash Drive, and Tripod Mount all in one.
Pyduino  is a small Arduino like board which run MicroPython. You can use Arduino shields to create projects and program them in Python
Abhörskandale, Viren, Abmahnungen - jeder kennt das aus den Medien. Die RelaxBox sichert Deinen Internetzugang endlich rundum ab.
The power of multiple retro game consoles in one sleek design. Store 1000's of games & stream media. Raspberry Pi CPU inside! Unlocked!
High Bluffs is the only local place with a variety of great beginner climbs. 5.6-5.10 We just need to replace the bolts! Let's do it!
gStick: Hold it like a pen, draw, sketch, create and mouse on a pad, fits in your pocket, is wireless and works for PC's and Macs.
Smart,Strength,Saving,Safety,Shape.27 speed pedal-assist smart Lithium Battery electric motor mountain bicycle——Your Freway 5S eBike
An on-the-go, high-res DAC and headphone amp that plugs into your computer's USB port.  Your videos, music, & games will rule!
Noki is the first smart doorlock for Europe. It opens your door when you come home and locks it when you leave.
An elegantly crafted Raspberry Pi case designed for the perfect combination of durability, affordability, and strength.
Caregivers can take accurate temperatures 3 feet away from patients using infrared sensor technology.
An affordable, user-inspired timelapse device for beginning and advanced photographers.
Crush proof, ultra high capacity and stylish portable charger for all your mobile power needs. Works with most smartphones and tablets.
a small 2cm x 2xm module that can play and record sound from and to Micro-SD memory cards with 16bits wave format and very high quality
The Ubi is an always-on voice-activated computer ready to help. Just plug it in, talk to it and it'll help you connect with your world.
Smallest Arduino ATTINY85 Programmable Board CMJCU - Connect your ATTINY85, upload your code, disconnect your ATTINY85 and use it!
The world’s first combination backup battery and USB storage drive with support for iPhone, iPad and iPod Touch.Certified MFi by Apple.
Talk.  Tap.  Share.  Our customizable wristband allows you to save & share spontaneous audio so you never miss a moment.
The recreated Sinclair ZX Spectrum will be a Bluetooth keyboard, initially for iOS and subsequently Android / Windows phones & tablets.
A Mongolian Project.  We see ways to improve music accessories, so we re-invent. We see ways to impact the world, so we re-invest.
Crystal clear VR gaming & viewing experience. Universal transformable controller. Plug-and-play. Compatible with all games & movies!
PaPiRus is a Raspberry Pi HAT module that brings you affordable ePaper displays. Add low power display tech to your project today!
Got the new MacBook, but can’t work as you used to? We’ve solved the single port issue.
SolePower is a power generating shoe insole for charging portable electronics while you walk.
DropShades™: The Party Accessory of the Future.
Do you need monitoring for your photovoltaic plant, an energy manager to optimize self-consumption, inexpensive solar battery storage?
High capacity all terrain external battery keeps your devices fueled for life’s adventures!
The BubblePod makes it simple to create perfect 360º images for work or play. Great for landscapes, real estate, tourism and much more.
Securely charge your smartphone 2x or 3x as fast. Turn your computer's USB ports and other chargers into universal high-speed chargers.
World's smallest combination battery and wall charger with enough juice for up to two iPhone or Android charges
The world’s most intelligent tempered glass screen protector for iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus.

New iPhone 6S available in Oct 2015.
Anystreaming does wireless transfer of all the HDMI signal to the smart devices, and it can be controlled wirelessly via USB and IR.
Never run out of power - charge 8 iPhones or 1.4 iPads with only 5 hours of sunlight. Ready to ship this summer!
eBlocker is a smart device that anonymizes your online behavior. It stops all trackers, blocks all ads and protects your kids online.
The Golf Board is the most innovative addition to golf since the graphite shaft, bringing modern technology to a traditional game.
UBIK UNO is a Smartphone built with a beautiful design, great display, solid performance at an unbeatable price.
The Quickest, Simplest Solution to finding your phone Anytime, Anywhere! - Works with every smartphone!
clair B conveniently fits in a car, office, study room, small work space, and many other areas without taking up much space.
Add unlimited external storage to your iPhone/iPad: compact, elegant, tough aluminum, concurrent charging. The smallest & the best.
Start growing fresh spirulina superfood. Our kits make it easy for anyone to grow and harvest spirulina.
Mount your Smartphone to Tripods, Mono-Pods, Light Kits and more. UniGrip Pro comes with a Lifetime Replacement Warranty
FitBark keeps you connected with your dog and gives you awesome insights into his or her life so that you'll know when to take action.
"Not all batteries are created equal"
Eco-friendly micro-USB rechargeable that can be reused over 500 times.
1,000 lumen LED and 10,000mAh of USB backup power. Charges iPhone, iPad, and Android. Rugged and waterproof for outdoors.
The TruGlide Apex features a tip size of only 2.4mm and uses electronic circuitry to deliver a precision writing experience!
We’ve created DrinkMate, the smallest, most convenient breathalyzer in the world and it plugs right into your iPhone!
A belt which is able to charge your phone.
The VU Wireless Charger uses free positioning technology to charge your Qi compatible phone in the upright position for viewing
Halo Back helps you handle your iPhone with a single hand.
The Omnipacks are all-in-one backpacks that contain an amplified speaker, front lights, a taillight, a USB phone charger and battery
Looking to learn about Docker or need some extra resources?
The DC2 is a fun, ready-to-use, desktop server for Docker Containers.
It's a bluetooth 4.0 anti-lost accessory. If you double press SmartKee, your phone will ring, vice verse. You can keep password in key.
Support MyFitDog,
To bring joy through the Best Fit Friend, 
Every dollar counts,
And your pup will love YOU till no end!
Want a screen protector that's easy to install 100% bubble free, almost impossible to scratch, and prevents your screen from breaking?
The Annoyinator, designed by Henry (age 12), amplifies and beams high frequency sound from your phone and can annoy at 300ft (100m)!
The Stadium HD Wireless Headphone features noise cancellation, remote control, bluetooth compatibility and built in mp3 player.
I'm making a robot to perform in weddings. Ring bearer, flower girl, dancer, officiant (!)... WeddingBot can do it all.
The world's first car charger with illuminant EL cable, bringing you dazzling charging experience you’ve never enjoyed before!
Virtual reality hardware and software for x-ray vision
The Xprotolab is a combination of 3 electronics instruments: an oscilloscope, a waveform generator and a protocol sniffer. Now Portable
What started as a homemade gift has turned into the world's cutest line of USB flash drives. They save your data. YOU save the wild.
The FlatLight is an ultra-thin, super bright, fiber optic light, perfect for a purse or pocket, glove box or toolbox.
myLED is the best notification light for iPhone and iPad that alerts to activity on your device
Easy-Macro is already the most-convenient close-up lens for every smartphone.  Now, we're making it even better.
Build Upons are amazingly tiny light up bricks that are LEGO® compatible
Ultra-high 18000mAh capacity portable external battery pack with built-in 5V/2A input speed charge.
Prototypes will be developed from money raised for the Skyrider push button - quick release caster wheels that anyone can use!
The first motherboard designed to run any Operating System you choose out of the box.
The world's first Magnetic cable for iPhone & Android. Supports 3.0Amp charging, sync & auto disconnects
By using the latest tech, iMovr has made a high quality electric desk so amazing and inexpensive, that everyone can finally afford one!
Small form factor ultra-high capacity battery that can re-charge any device that normally would charge from USB. No Outlet, No Problem!
Securely Store and Organize all Your Cards (Payment, ID, Membership, Gift cards) with Your Phone... & Easily Pay at > 90% of retailers.
InvizBox Go - Secure all your devices at home. Take it with you anywhere. See blocked TV shows. Block ads. Charge phones. WiFi Extender
We’re building a watch that counts down your life, in order to make the world a better place, and we need your help!
Support the Seahawks with bright wearable LED badges! Final version will be thinner and more colorful. Pledge today to reserve yours.
The quintessential glass for your iPhone 6 / 6 Plus. Heat bended Gorilla Glass that covers your entire screen. No gaps. No seams.
It's iPhone 4s or above and Android 4.3 BT4.0 phones accessory attached with wallet. You only need to charge it once 2 weeks.
USB based highly accurate pocket sized variable power supply for small projects.
Bringrr™ reminds you to bring your most important things before you drive away and helps you find them if they are misplaced or lost.
Write2Go can turn your handwriting ink into digital memos, instant  messages & e-signatures immediately.
Smartphones are dirty. 1/6 have fecal matter on them. PhoneSoap enhances your nightly charge by simultaneously sanitizing your phone.
A decorative LED light that displays an iconic graphic of the International Space Station orbiting the Earth.
10" HDMI Multitouch 1280x800 LCD Monitor with USB hub, HD audio, speakers, and kickstand. Works perfectly with any HDMI source!
ivee Sleek is a Wi-Fi Voice-Activated Assistant for your home
Now you can control your sprinklers with your smart phone. Easy peasy, lemon squeezy.
A Raspberry Pi based tablet. Open-source design customizable for your needs and projects. Also works with Beaglebone Black and others.
Ever missed out because your phone battery died? The Apollo is a solar generator that fits on an armband and keeps your phone charged!
Convert your existing iPhone/iPad devices equipped with the old 30 Pin dock to the new Lightning connector.
This is a breakout board for the MAX7218A, for use with the YS common-anode 4-digit 7 segment LED displays @ SparkFun
I plan on donating 3-5 computers built from scratch to neighboring schools in need of computers  for my Eagle Scout Project.
We have revolutionized the traditional power strip with the POWERQUBE. The 21st century charging solution for iPads, iPhones, Androids.
The ultimate evolution of the tablet stand. Enjoy hands-free comfort, and use your iPad or tablet in an infinite number of positions.
The Paradise desk is the first desk designed completely for computer enthusiasts who want a premium desk. DVI USB3 Audio Power LED
Charge two devices anytime, anywhere at maximum speed.  Use your Android phone or iPhone up to a week or more before recharging.
A super slim aluminum smart wallet with anti-loss, anti-theft and card reminder technology.
To use a motoring analogy: 120 mpg compact 5 door family car for 12 passengers! WOW, Reason washing machine, achieving the impossible.
Finally, a toy you can have a real conversation with!
Turn your smart phone, tablet, or PC into a sophisticated diagnostic scan tool, trip computer, and real-time performance monitor.
A mysterious object that appears to defy gravity, this precision gyroscope is beautiful to behold and will amaze you and your friends.
Technology students at Tierra Pacifica will build a 3D printer from a kit and generate uniquely designed plastic models.
The Smart Switch saves lives by ACTIVELY turning off devices (toasters, curling irons...) that are at risk of igniting a fire.
Une nouvelle caméra, pour vous proposer du contenu de qualité sur ma chaine Youtube ! Vidéo IRL , Salon, Créations artistique
2 GB/S WiFi 802.11AC, BLE, Zigbee, Zwave, Insteon, RFID/NFC, Home Media Server, Your Own Cloud and Domain. We call it a Rablet.
World's first dual-gas Carbon Monoxide and Oxygen Analyzer & Data Logger for SCUBA divers that can be controlled with a smartphone.
Craft beer made easy... Select your favorite style beer, access our brewmaster app to pick a recipe, insert ingredients, press start.
An external card reader that enables you to use MicroSD card on your Nexus/Android tablets and Android smartphones.
Fashion Smartwatch,Changing watchfaces, Android OS, iPhone & Smartphone Connection, Bluetooth, Wi-Fi, 240X240, 48-hour battery life
It's about giving kids the chance to learn about business through actually running their own.
A simple, inexpensive device to safely secure a night light to a wall socket to prevent a child from removing it and exposing a socket.
Storing bitcoins in a paper wallet is the most secure way to keep them, but making paper wallets is a hassle.  Piper makes it easy.
In San Francisco cable car-style, the Nevada County Narrow Gauge Railroad Museum is building a railroad turntable in Nevada City, CA!
Tactile feedback can mean the difference between life and death in action games. Play anytime, anywhere with the Invisible Gamepad.
Weighing 9.7 lbs and achieving speeds of up to 19 mph, Leafboard is the lightest electric skateboard affordable for everyone.
Play your games and control your apps with haptic feedback (available for PC, Mac, Linux, Android, iOS and Oculus Rift). Real VR.
This patent pending key chain, will light an indicator, when put next to a wet diaper.
Space top is new type of spinning top able to play at any direction. Space top invention was merely based on a personal physics theory.
Brite Bits are fun. Remember that toy when you were young that made it easy to create with light. Brite Bits are for your breadboard.
Reinventing the social drinking experience.  A personal robotic bartender that serves the perfect drink at the perfect time.
the one that can save you $1,000 or more.
The Barman is an easy-to-use drink mixing platform that uses Bluetooth 4.0 and your Smartphone to mix up any drink in seconds.
Operate your mobile device from behind your screen, and see through it, with this unique case by HandScape.com
Elevate Your SmartPhone Charging Experience with The World's First Position-Free, Multi-Device Wireless Charger
Vintage Gaming and Media Hub made for TV, powered by Raspberry Pi 2. Plays games and movies. Simple and Open system.
Meet the wall mounted fitness clock for interval training controlled by your mobile phone, tablet, smartwatch or other wearable.
Organize your keys with this titanium, minimalist, modern-day keyring alternative and stop the clutter.
Help make the world green again.  Our Pacs make it simple to beautify your home, roadsides or destroyed and abused landscapes.
MagCable is a revolutionary magnetic USB cable that makes your charging easy
Flat lightning cable, with aluminum ends, Apple MFI Certified. LED lit, backed with a Lifetime Warranty. 3FT and 6FT cables
PicGlu allows your Phone to stick on vertical surfaces to take selfies, shoefies, groupfies, videos, Periscope sessions and more.
This LED tail light kit is a direct bolt on for 1952 - 1963 Willys Station Wagons.  These lights are for 12v applications.
A reversible Micro-USB cable that is long overdue for Android handset users.
Our school need your help! Our pupils want to connect with their local community! Learning without limits!
Have to look every time you plug in your Android device or smartphone accessory to make sure it's the right way? Not anymore.
Protect your screen whilst protecting yourself from prying eyes. The Ghost is available for Apple and select Android devices.
The Multifunctional USB Multimeter and Charge Accelerator With Built in Scrolling LED Display.
The first Minecraft multiuser server you can buy, our $99 Mineserver™ is faster, easier, more secure, cheaper, and managed by Mom.
It is a secure wallet and the first anti-theft and anti-loss wallet around the world. You will never lose it.
Protect your electronic investments.  Stand up for your Devices.
We are three UC Davis Biological Systems Engineering seniors working to improve an existing turbine for fishermen in Kafue, Zambia.
Ce projet se définit comme un réseau parallèle à internet protégeant votre vie privée, partageant les ressources sans identifications.
A low-cost, fully loaded basic printer, with heated bed, exclusive  software, print failure recovery, optional dual extruder, and more!
Making it possible, accessible, and affordable to carry out vehicle telematics projects with open-source hardware
An affordable, high-resolution, full color and texture 3D Scanner that can automatically create 3D models of every day objects.
Reactive Grip™ touch feedback blows rumble away!  It provides enhanced interaction and immersion for virtual reality and video games.
The LittleBox PC comes as a build-it-yourself kit containing over 60 laser-cut parts, an LCD, and more than 100 Nuts, Bolts, & Screws.
Leave your wires behind with RADiuS - an Open Hardware Arduino-compatible shield for the Easy Radio Advanced RF Module.
The deMIDulator is an open source 8-bit MIDI synthesizer, lo-fi audio sampler and PIC microcontroller development platform.
A hackable, high-resolution photospectrometer for analytical and teaching purposes.
Be an environmental sleuth! Oil pollution is everywhere -- this experimental open source kit will help you identify where it came from.
A customizable, laser-cut, retro, chunky, Do-It-Yourself, miniature video arcade cabinet for the Raspberry Pi.
Low Cost access to space with the Starfire space cannon
BlabDroid; The personal filmmaking robot you can talk to, with, and through.
Kickstart a robot and help others learn in the process! The "NineFour" robot is a semi-autonomous four legged robot with unlimited possibility!
Climbax is a wrist-worn band for climbers. It provides you with stats on your climbs and allows you to get a grip on your performance.
The Alan board has been developed to enable you to create more interesting projects.
Forget the smart thermostat. Embue delivers per room sensing & control for the ultimate in comfort & energy savings.
High resolution live audio for the connected home, studio or sound stage. Low-cost Ethernet AVB switch and 24/96 live audio adapter.
Affordable Hydroponic and Aquaponic Control from your SmartPhone, Tablet, or PC. Starting at $349
LUXPONG is a programmable, open software/hardware table tennis game that's played in one dimension with RGB LED's.
The new Lochsa fishing net allows an angler to weigh a fish without ever taking it out of the net.
The fume Fan is a soldering fume extractor, work lamp, helping hands tool and a project organiser for hobbyists, makers and creators
This talking flashlight kit is powered by super capacitors which means that they can be charged and recharged more than 100k times.
We built the Gi-Bike in the pursuit of one big idea, to revolutionize
and transform the commute of millions of people around the world.
FlexVolt measures electrical signals in your muscles.  Educate, monitor fitness or physical therapy, or create body-machine interfaces.
Experience 3D TV in full freedom. Watch 3D movies or play 3D games without the annoying glasses. We just open a new dimension!
Luminance, an Arduino compatible hardware platform to enable anyone to easily explore interactive illumination.
Simple, affordable, and lightweight. Stream to your amp or record through USB.
Finally, connect and code all of your Bluetooth 4.0 projects to any computer with ease, through the use of the ToBLE.
SHYSPY is a bicycle GPS Tracker that enables you to keep a record of your cycling activity and also find your bicycle in case of theft.
The Crowfie makes it easy to test and develop your software code and electronics interfaces.
A modular randomly composing musical sequencer for circuit bent modified toys and instruments. 
kubo combines the beautiful design of Apple & Vespa with the basic utility of a pickup truck. And it's electric!
Motus a simple, open source 3D gesture & hotkey interface to control your world of creative and productive apps & it's made in Canada
A midi controller pedal designed for guitarists & keyboardists who want to take their laptop, iPhone or iPad on stage and use knobs.
3D fabrication is all the rage, but costly machines and slow turn around times hinder innovation. Help us start up the first free 3D printing service
The next revolution in electric transportation is here: the first wireless electric skateboard for street and off-road in one platform.
Quickly, easily, and securely connect your Arduino Unos, Leonardos, Dues, and Megas to the outside world.
Team Phoenicia is building a rocket.  This prototype is for a Moon landing as part of the Google Lunar X Prize.  We need funding for flight testing.
Ghosty is an Arduino project enclosure box for all your DIY needs. He makes for a great halloween prop or even a desktop companion!
Unite your eyes and ears by synchronizing YOUR lighting to YOUR music, YouTube, iPod, your phone, TV, or any other audio you like!
Project Gado is creating a $500, open Arduino-based robotic scanner for digitizing sensitive photographic materials in small archives
A cooperative way for families to manage technology at home.
Setting out to promote electronics in education across all 50 states!
The Origami contains a fold-out arm, water cooler, air handler, and has no limiting enclosure. Now you can cut and etch the world.
Put yourself in control by managing your content with MBLOK
A friendly, hackable, Arduino™ compatible robot. Perfect for any aspiring evil genius creating their own open-source robot army.
An open source, wireless hardware and software platform for connecting anything to everything.
Electric skateboard, versatile personal transporter or open wheel racer? You decide. Full suspension, shock absorption, 50km/h.
Small USB development board for Android. Smartphone powered, USB 2.0 communication, direct connection, open sourced API.
The Hema-Imager is an affordable thermal imager that pairs with your smart device to help you diagnose common household problems
It's no easy task to drop an analog circuit in your project. Until now.
Part machine. Part monster. The yarn monster eats raw yarn and excretes perfectly rolled yarn balls.
A development board that lets you control devices via USB or over a network using iOS, Android or a PC. Create easy control systems.
Roomba becomes the tele-existence machine, with Telemba
Until now drummers had to choose between a short board and a long board   -   now there's a third option   -   the Joggle Board™.
The first compact actor sound system, with wireless control, sound effects and P.A. for Theme Park/Haunt Actors, Cosplay, LARPers, Etc.
Mars rover analog operated via the Internet in a simulated Mars Yard, for students and individual users. Space technology at home.
A beautiful programmable interactive Lamp that you play and create art with.
New electric BIKE - SPORTS TRUCK. Affordable Clean Sustainable Energy Transportation Solution for the Masses!
The Hug is a convenient sensor + app solution that tracks your water intake and coaches you towards optimal hydration.
DC One is an interlocking, programmable, single-channel DC power supply for your electronic projects
The Kyub is a Maker-Friendly musical interface (MIDI) kit using Open Source Software and easily assembled at home by just about anyone.
An open source, ultrasonic digital autoharp built as a standard MIDI controller instrument. Triggers notes on anything with MIDI input.
3D printer Rapcraft makes Thankfull 3D things and works just plug&print.
We will adjust our project to realize a lower price! If you are interested, pledge any amount (so we can update you)!
The smart irrigation controller that self schedules using your specific lawn and garden conditions and weather forecasts to save water.
Jambé, a new electronic instrument that works with your iOS device to give you unlimited sounds and fantastic playability.
The Trinity Magnum is an accurate and intuitive motion controller for virtual reality applications.
We've created a compact module and software app to turn any smartphone or tablet into a powerful digital multimeter.
Frankencar is a DIY electric car project. We're building an advanced EV that goes 200 mi/chrg, recharges in 45 min. We'll show you how to do it too.
I'm making an open source temperature controller.  The controller is able to control a toaster oven as a solder reflow oven.
BoardX is a collection of open source hardware that stack on top of one another to share resources and make electronics easier.
The Uniform Frequency Orbiter (UFO) is a combination speed strobe and weighted record clamp for your turntable.
Build Upons are awesomely tiny light up bricks that work with LEGO®
ArduIMU V4 is a beefed up successor to the original ArduIMU project. It's a fully capable wireless Integrated Measurement Unit (IMU).
Projecta is an affordable desktop CNC machine optimized for making circuit boards by a new innovative way.
Gem-8 is an 8-bit, WiFi-enabled personal computer and chiptune music synthesizer inspired by the home computers of the 1980s.
A writing pen with ink which fades from paper once a scan is taken using the pens inbuilt scanner, combined with stylus for mobile use
Introducing a super easy to assemble 3D printer designed and made in Poland.
Arduino, RS-485, Optoisolated Digital I/O, Analog, Motor Control, PWM, Thermocouple, RTC, Battery backup with power loss detection
Are there flying motorcycles in our future? Help me build a full scale prototype for testing and research.
CEV2TV is a high quality video converter that converts CGA, EGA and VGA video signals to SCART, S-Video and composite video signals.
PSI is a revolutionary new instrument for study of the sky from stellar outbursts, interstellar turbulence, to exoplanetary weather.
The Toasty combines the warmth of a heating blanket and the comfort of a well fitting robe. Warm your aches and pains away!
(AIS + NMEA Multiplexer) + (GSM Boat Alarm) + (Autopilot remote control) + ( Anchor Windlass Remote).  iPhone + Android compatible
The ORGASMATRON- an electromechanical toy which creates changing mind blowing patterns using a rotating string and a color strobe light
Safe Bicycle Ride at night
The world’s first smartphone VR controller is here! Unity SDK let’s anyone build apps easily! And the hardware is open source too!
FinderTAG for Pets is a Bluetooth device/smartphone App that goes on a pets collar that will help you recover him if he ever gets lost.
Turn on a lamp plugged into a loose outlet and leave it on long enough and a fire could start. SD helps prevent fires caused by arcing!
A portable, inflatable cushion to help your little ones lay flat on the airplane and sleep.
Measure the true difficulty of your catch & compete globally
Pyxis illuminates the wall behind your television with the same colors being displayed; in REAL-TIME.
Our LED dog collar can create over 16 million colors including fade and strobe effects, all through our easy to use app.
The first docking device that turns your smartphone into a full working traditional multi-band walkie-talkie.
control and monitor your IoT-Pi from PC & Smartphone in the world
An electronic module designed to light your drums as you play!
We are seeking funds to pay for our crash test worthiness requirements, in order to place solar product into our nations highways.
Petal is a Virtual Reality fan. It plugs into wall power, and the USB port on your computer, and emulates whats happening on screen.
Arms are too short.  Free your selfies!  Extend your phone for personal photography.  Perfect for travel, hiking, or everyday selfies!
Self-Cleaning Juicer. No need of WASHING or CLEANING, not a single thing after making a FRESH JUICE!
Make the Raspberry Pi Compute Module work for everyone, better than ever!
High-capacity HDD or SSD based digital photo manager with 5" screen to Backup, Protect, Organize, View and Share a lifetime of photos
A serious development to produce a very efficient, low cost easy to build wind mill to generate  (green) electricity in a residential setting  
Any Android*, iPhone, or Blackberry 10 becomes a laptop with 3x the battery life & when you run out, you have a full phone!
Our revolutionary X profile design makes Xman the most advanced level hand tool for the 21st century
A modular robotic platform for the rapid construction of robot bodies
We created a tamperproof door lock takes a standard entry door lock and transforms into a deadbolt after the door is locked and closed.
A DVD educational video detailing step by step the construction of a DIY CNC router.
I make fully transparent Computers & Game Consoles such as Wii, X-Box, and have a plan to make something crazy with hollow gram screen.
Take your Galaxy Note 3 hands free anywhere life takes you.  We've solved mountability and protection w/ this sleek integrated system.
Take control of the power in your home. You don't have to rely on your utility company to provide electricity.
Slacker is a revolutionary new tool that allows you to properly set up your motorcycle's suspension with no assistance.
Democratically influence the music that plays around you with piq. Now, you control the music at social spaces.
Onics is a novel way to integrate one’s smart phone into the car to transform the everyday car into a smart car.
Green VoFi (Voice over WiFi) for the under-privileged islands of Chuuk, powered by wind, solar, and Open-source software.
Flower Power is a functional sculpture that uses wind and solar power to produce electricity- renewable and clean!
I created the worlds first self-heating massage stones. It is made from crushed stone and clay.  It has a battery and heater inside.
The original 100% offline stealth system for easy document encoding & authentication: a fully blown user-friendly security product!
Complete Verilog implementation of a 2D/ 3D graphics processor capable of OpenGL and D3D w/ full test suite
Blocks that demonstrate the concept of self-replication using levers and magnets
Bright, lite, simple. Ride safe! This is what you get, safety on the road without your clunky plastic reflectors! High quality material
Water Saver for Green is a water containment device which helps hold water underneath plants, ensuring the plant is properly maintained
MacBook’s aren’t meant to stay at a desk. A shock absorbing case lets you take yours out into the world without worrying about damage.
Wireless locomotive control modules and accompanying apps for model train control. Take your model railroading to the next level!
Turn any bicycle into a moped in no time at all. Simple and easy to install. Beat the rising gas prices and start riding your bike!
Control your DSLR camera with a smartphone. Upload, edit, and share your high-res photographs anytime, anywhere.
A LCD Temperature Shield for Ardunio, can also be used just for using a LCD on it. 
Cabinet Saver was designed to protect your homes most valuable asset.....The Kitchen! Cabinet Saver is watertight to protect cabinetry!
A solar light with a difference - designed in the UK to create jobs in Africa and save lives
Monitoring system that detects water leaks in your home or office.  The system is easy to use and alerts you where ever you might be.
Solid aluminum wheel/hubcap with replaceable polyurethane treads are lightweight, durable, and available in radical styles.
A dream tool for shore fishing
iPhone light accessory for night photography. Capture incredible night time photos and videos with soft, warm light.
Digital TV Transmitter that supports DVB T/C, ATSC/QAM, DTMB, ISDB-T/TB standards, with built in MPEG-2 and H.264 hardware encoder.
What if one vehicle could let you drive, fly, and even explore the ocean depths like James Cameron?
FPGA based multiple I/O port shield for any I2C bus. Ready to use, or develop your own control logic with free VHDL/Verilog software.
Super charge your existing 3D printer! 2 to 4 times faster print speeds, print with new and unique types of plastic. Easy to upgrade
We're building the 1st weatherproof, battery-powered, Bluetooth employee timeclock for iPhone, Android and Windows smartphones
Get your training's data on your smartphone in real-time and follow the plan that it gives.
The Mode Mount is the rack mounting solution to securely hold the Mac Pro in a mobile case or server rack.
To show that the building of a 3d printer can be done with democratic funding and by someone with little technical knowledge.
The 'Pinch' automatically turns devices on only when the user is around to care. "If you're not using it --- why's it still on?"
White Slice is a high output credit card-sized rechargeable LED flashlight, with a brightness of 45 lumens and thickness of 0.1".
Take the mystery out of brake pads and when they need to be changed instead of grinding your rotor into oblivion or listening for noise
The perfect gift for any electronics enthusiast or student. Although small, the Key-Scope performs as a fully functional oscilloscope.
I0N - a board with over 100 GPIO Pins, SPI and UART, and a 100 Megabit Ethernet port. Open source designs will be released.
Retro Raspberry Pi powered mini arcade cabinet kit
The focus of the SJSU RID is to design and build a wireless controlled robot that can navigate disaster sites.
A PC case meets artistic design. The VM-Rigid computer case is expressive and unique for business & PC gamers alike.
This feature rich Serial LCD Backpack and incredible quality LCDs pair better than wine and cheese!
World's smallest Arduino Mega clone: an enhanced electronics prototyping platform. Better than a Mega, smaller than an Uno!
Our new membranes can clean polluted water or air more efficiently than other materials. This will be proven in a prototype module.
ROCKET ENGINE FOR YOUR CAR  100+ MPH Game changer Rotary Engine or pump compressor etc any fuel + water, steam, Hydrogen or Air.
Laser cutters are valuable tools for rapidly creating prototypes of ideas and inventions; we plan to make it open to all via our community hackerspace
Ready to draw a crowd?  Looking to reignite your driving passion? Help us revolutionize the American driving experience!
web-based ocean exploration open platform that uses robotic submarines worldwide.
Full sized 80s Pinball Display Joy for the Arduino. A fully controllable big 16 x 2 Alphanumeric display shield board with library
Andromium will democratize desktop computing - unleash the full potential of your smartphone. Turn it into a computer!
Accurate, precise, and affordable timecode system.
The bio-based electric scooter for the sharing community.
Little Droidles with lives of their own. Fun for all ages. The Social Network of Robots. Open Platform for the Internet of Things.
A truly awesome Full HD 10 inch LCD touchscreen add-on for your Raspberry Pi, featuring colorful cases and multitude of extra features.
Light Dance is an audio reactive light controller that beautifully synchronizes your lights with your music.
Tired of the cable chaos behind your Tv? SC solve this, get 6 new permanent, safe outlets mounted on your wall in less then 3 minutes
The first affordable, user-friendly solution for conserving the massive amount of water used while showering, that saves you money too.
Bricks for DIY kilns, shelters, makerspaces... Brick stuff! Professional-grade open-source plans to build your own brick press.
owlBoard- a practical Spartan 6 FPGA development board designed by the Open Hardware Lab at Oregon Tech
Steadyrack is the ultimate bike storage solution, fits almost all bikes, saves heaps of space, it's really easy to use and looks great.
Your motorbike secured with GPS and connected with you, everywhere, all the time. Easy-to-use and no hidden fees, that's Tramigo Moto!
The Money Gun is product created for businesses or people who are looking to promote themselves.
Whistl is a smartphone case that aims to prevent sexual assault and violent crimes.
If you need a sound-level meter to measure sound or embed sound-measuring functions into your project, choose Archo!
OaSense is an easy to install smart shower head that helps you save water without compromising shower quality.
Take creative & instantly better photos / videos / selfies and NEVER be without power on your smart phone when you need it the most
Logix is a training aids for students in designing combinational logic circuit using basic hardware gates.
XLR8 has both an ATmega328 clone and custom accelerator blocks on an FPGA and uses the standard Arduino IDE for programming
Game-changing wireless power technology that gives your phone more battery life by recycling wasted energy. Made in the USA.
WebEye VR allows you to feel the presence instead of just watching things.
Introducing AWIRE™ - The wearable two-way radio that keeps you connected in a way nothing else can.
MASSO, The All-In-One CNC Controller that doesn't need a PC to run.
Cold beer, straight from a warm keg with our portable beer amp. Simply add a keg, fire it up and let Das Kuhling do the rest.
Jolt is a hassle-free, fast wireless charger and battery for GoPro® cameras.  No cables, no hassle.
A high tech automotive power distribution unit and fuse block that you program and can control from your smartphone or tablet.
Karmic Bikes creates modern electric bikes for the human race. 
Kyoto is our new women's electric bike designed specifically for you.
E3's easy-to-use PIEP will help engineers, enthusiasts and educators save time and money on their embedded development solutions.
The Petrographic Analyzer turns any optical instrument into a Polarizing Microscope!  It's a Geologist's must have!
Tired of oversleeping? Ramos is an alarm clock designed to get you up and far away from bed. It’s also a lean, mean, morning machine.
Biom is a smart flowerpot, offering humans the skill to keep their plant safe and bring back our green buddy in our city.
The next evolution in home irrigation. Eve and Adam are intelligently designed to save you time, water, and money.
Widerun is the first bike trainer you connect to Oculus Rift. Ride in full immersive VR worlds, from SF to the Alps, like being there!
The first truly open source Arduino variant with integrated WiFi. Small and rugged enough to take the Internet of Things everywhere.
Save water and preserve plants beauty. Smart, wireless, plug&play, solar powered multi-valve system controlled by your smartphone.
TRIPSTICK PRO Acoustic Drum Expansion. Spring loaded adjustable delay stick offering a kaleidoscope of endless rhythmic possibilities!!
Lets you make the perfect cup of tea easily and enjoyably, for any tea type you like.
No electronics. No moving parts. Just high-grade aluminium. Because simple works!
Connect a hose and Zilker will keep an eye on the weather, program itself, and save water.
Renewable energy CO2 turbine using any heat source to make electricity that can be used for homes, transportation and small business.
Valta remote energy management system automatically detects un-used devices, identifies energy waste, and notifies you to help you save
Be part of the GREEN REVOLUTION!  Reduce your ENERGY FOOTPRINT!  GreenResolve Home Energy Monitor will change YOUR PARADIGM!
A highly configurable tracked robot kit built around the Xilinx Spartan 6 FPGA.
Bespoke Electric Tracking Dolly/Vehicle for use in Film & TV Production, Music Videos/Commercials - Used with Steadicam & Pro Cameras
Combining full 3D motion  + VR technology.  We have a 1 of a kind experience for Racing fans.  As close to real as it gets!
The Herculead prevents annoying entanglements of your pet's leashes while still allowing them freedom to roam as you maintain control.
Fiona is a new way to interact with the technology around you. Ask Fiona to help you and have a smile in the morning every day.
BlinkScan: Instantly capture hi-res images that are cropped, de-skewed with background automatically removed, at the press of a button.
The world's first smoke and carbon monoxide detector with built in Bluetooth audio capabilities. Get your music in any room at any time
Join the Delta Revolution! A large format 3d printer based on the delta concept from Johann Rocholl
Sustainable food with an aquaponics WaterElf and citizen science. Local food, global community!
"Courage" has her sea-legs, now let's give her wings to fly before the wind! You can help bring "Courage" to true Tall Ship status!
XT Raven - Now(!) Amazingly superior aluminum boats can be built in less time with better performance & economy.
The Docking Drawer gives you a convenient and safe way to eliminate cords and chargers that clutter your space.
The 8-KEY is a USB Key with encryption and a custom serial number to GET YOUR KEYS BACK if they are ever lost.
The ultimate innovation in electrical connectors! Check out this fast easy to use connector.
my idea is to build a chariot pulled by a motorcycle.  the chariot rider controls the motorcycle, no one rides the bike.
A new car display that can promote your business, share your viewpoint, and update your followers on social media.
A man on a mission to make his own custom pinball machine!
And you can be a part of making Pinball Reviewer dream come true!
Sprinkl is a user-friendly sprinkler controller. Powered by industry leading hardware, Sprinkl saves water and promotes healthy lawns.
Life gets tangled… your earbuds shouldn’t.  SLIDE by Zipbuds features cables that seal together to keep your earbuds untangled.
We're finally giving the hashtag its own key. The HashKey is the world's first one-key USB keyboard - dedicated solely to the hashtag.
The Pomocup is a new device built exclusively for ski mountaineering. Measure your performance, enjoy your tour!
BEMO° is an android / iPhone SMART thermostat alternative with cool smart home features!  Energy management, intuitive & eco-friendly
Ride the experience of surfing streets on our one-wheeled, gyro-stabilized personal electric vehicle that feels like you're hovering
A super-low-cost Microscope featuring atomic level interaction, specifically designed for students and teachers.
Vandal Deterrent Locking Oil Cap protects Harley Davidson Engines, eliminates oil leaks, lowers insurance claims and possibly premiums
Cubes are military grade secure solar powered electrical modules that power everything from camping sites to large homes or shops!
Cardio Wristband is an amazingly small heart rate sensor. It broadcasts to your smart phone or tablet.
Pi UpTime provides GPIO connections, analog ports, UPS, RTC & battery power enabling Raspberry Pi to be mobile.
LED lit platform provides lighting effect for construction bricks models, crystal figures etc.  Base, ceiling or wall mountable.
A 'Formula 1' style lap timer for club motorsport that gives you accurate predictive lap timing or 'Delta Time' at an affordable price.
My device will help to avoid damage by water for your home appliances
A portable energy storage device that uses solid state devices to store energy needed for portable electronic devices
Compressed air conversions - to make an eco runabout from that favorite old car in Grandad's garage.IMF calls for higher taxes on CO2
Open hardware, stackable robotic shield for arduino and/or netduino
This thermostat lets you reduce your carbon footprint and directly control how much you spend heating and cooling your home.
QuickStack is an open source, truly stackable, embedded platform with hardware abstraction, integrated kernel, therefore simple to use.
FusePOS is an affordable point of sale with optional cloud data storage capability built right into the Raspberry Pi.
Round:  World's First Dynamic, Mobile Platform Able to Transform Its Functionality, Appearance & Behavior per User Location/Preferences
Fizz Power - make your own wind turbine using PVC, plastic pop bottles.
The Powerguard Greenhouse protects young plants against wildlife and inclement weather conditions while conserving water.
Programmable, accurate, highly visible. An intelligent thermometer for home brewers by a home brewer.
A handheld keyboard and air mouse for your mobile technology, smart TV, and desktop computer.
Hole dir mit ovis Wohlfühlklima nach Hause und spare Heizkosten! |
Enjoy your feel-good climate at home with ovis while saving energy!
araHub is a 7-Port USB 3 SuperSpeed hub without compromises. Engineered to last, designed to be beautiful.
The Badjo Suit is the worlds first hightech, fully customizable exoskeleton suit. Design its looks and functions to fit your needs.
The first production wood headphones featuring Bluetooth wireless connectivity and smartphone controls, by Accidentally Extraordinary
Contribute to Help Save brooms Oldest pearling lugger 'PAM'.
Press the red button to restore internet connection.
Use your cell phone to control your lights, coffee maker and more.
The world's first fully integrated Servo drive with inbuilt Webserver.
The Hide-A-Ride ceiling bike rack allows users to store a bike horizontally on the ceiling, and is also a great maintenance rack.
SerraLux brings the power of daylight indoors so you can work, learn, heal, relax and perform better—while saving energy!
Revolutionary LED Tube, net 160lm/W and 99.9% compatibility with electronic ballast. Energy saving -65%, VDE and UL Certified
Plant Indoor presents the P.I BOX, the unique connected, modular and autonomous growing box. For beginners and confirmed planters.
A studio & school for your projects!  1st project is M.A.C.K by Robot Underground and home of the Hobo Free project.
Nibbles is a Smart Pet Feeder with a Camera. You can feed and watch your pet from your phone from anywhere at anytime!
Heimdall is a 3D-camera/computer, pre-installed with smart AI monitoring software providing fall detection and risk identification.
At last, a desk phone as good looking and as easy to use as a smartphone.
Solarable is an IoT monitor and forecaster for solar & wind generators. It tracks your renewable energy budget and sends mobile alerts.
BIOCHAR: Improves Soils AND Sequesters Carbon. BadgerChar MOBILE: Affordable, Practical, Field & Road Ready Biochar System For Farms!
The OBD-II PIC32 DEV BOARD is open Android software/Open Windows GUI software product. It can help fix  your car using a smart phone.
Tired of losing lighters? Now you don't have to. With Lyte,you will be able to electronically light your cigarettes w/your cell phone.
When you're shopping for your next laptop, mobile phone, tablet, or music player, why not compare Apples and Oranges?
Personal Data Center for learning Big Data software and concepts.
Learn distributed computing principles on a Raspberry PI 2 Cluster.
Nashua High South has sent four teams of students and teachers to the Gulf Coast for hurricane relief. We're gearing up for trip five in February.
Welcome to the future of remote temperature monitoring.. now you can monitor your temperature sensitive environments anytime, anywhere.
A physical keyboard for iPhone and Samsung Galaxy phones using NO electricity or Bluetooth  and only 1/8” thick!!
Introduce a pilot world-crowd-sourced citizen science project to use inert waste to construct flexible barriers for wetland protection.
You support, we build, we all play!  The idea is for people to rent time on the canoe in advance.  Extra proceeds will go to a charity.
An inventor and his innovative new Stepper bicycle are in need of angels!  Please help Wilson share his vision with the world!
Loud, noisy cooling fans for ASIC Bitcoin miners is something that many of us are familiar with.
Furnitures that become simracing cockpits! // Des meubles qui se transforment en cockpits de simracing !
Inspired by Yoga, the Standing Task Chair reduces fatigue from prolonged standing and positions you to be effective at standing tasks.
Protect your Raspberry Pi from all angles -Ethernet, USB, SD card-. Strong hardware base security. Elliptic curves & AES-256 XTS
WIFI Air Particle Sensor for citizens, educators, hobbyists, and weather enthusiasts. Track the air particles in your environment.
Bluetooth locomotive control modules and accompanying apps for model train control. Take your model railroading to the next level!
The BluAmp is a small and powerful wireless high-fidelity amplifier. Control your music and volume from your phone.
LELink+ OBDII adapter enables you to monitor and diagnosis your car using iPhone and Android Phone Apps. No Jailbreak or root required.
The Padbow is an ergonomic, non-on-lap pc tablet/e-reader holder that brings your bedtime reading or web browsing to the next level.
The Baccus robot arm is designed to manipulate 12oz payloads. From the researcher to the hobbyist, it can meet your manipulator needs.
The best companion a musician can have! A small digital, portable, two pedal, programmable Foot Drum (Stomp Box) for musicians.
A window sized hydroponic or soil growing system to grow the finest, freshest  herbs and veggies possible.
Create regions in your home ,define alerts when you enter/leave them and control literally any smart device dependent on proximity
Program an STM32L4 Cortex M4F with the Arduino IDE via USB
Our “It Types” credit-card size keyboard is the easiest mobile way to type without looking using 1 or 2 presses for any keystroke.
The LaGrange L1 is our Universal Motorized Skateboard Truck. Add it to ANY deck, wheels, etc to make the electric longboard YOU want.
Ground Control is a new, class defining Virtual Reality accessory designed to support relaxed, hands-free locomotion.
Awesome Controller lets you play retro video game systems with modern wireless controllers.
World's first portable 3D microphone. Record, experience, and enjoy 3D voice, home video, meetings, chat, music, games, and much more.
E-Lite is the FIRST EVER intelligent RGBW light that powers directly from a Power-over-Ethernet switch port! Over a billion colors!
Improved tuning stability for electric or western/acoustic guitars with 3L/3R machine heads on the headstock.
Digitally Fabricate a Structure for Microdwell 2014
The door shackle is a portable no screws required door lock to use on almost any door when you leave the room especially hotel doors
New, patented design uses sails not blades. 48% more powerful. Super efficient and quiet. Loves low wind speeds. Doesn't kill birds!
Smarthouse for Elderly with Alzheimer - Smart House Solutions - Community Care for the Elderly - Using Raspberry Pi Technology
CSPIN and its revolutionary rotational indicator gives pitchers an edge above all by increasing skill and accuracy for various pitches.
LampLink is the simplest way to turn any outlet into a wall switch controlled outlet -- no tools, wiring or smartphone required.
We are trying to make the ultimate in LED Poi. The goal is to make them:       1)Incredibly Bright  2)Extremely Durable  3)Programmable
coCO: carbon monoxide Car Off - auto technology that detects rising concentrations of carbon monoxide and turns the vehicle off
A donor has agreed to match donations raised for noisivelvet. Edit! Due to a mix up the matching funds must be raised by 7-16-2010!
Learn everything about the science, construction, and operation of a coil accelerator!
Tx/Rx labs is just over 1 year old and we have out grown our current home.  Come join us in creating a space big enough for the largest city in Texas.
Not a charger but an EMERGENCY battery source for your iPhone. Plug in and talk or text. Hours of use, then dispose for under $4.00
Run Arduino, .NET Micro Framework or baremetal ARM code all on a a single device and do it all on a device packed with features!
1 Reward, 50 bucks: a 2GB flash drive from BlankDragon.com full of a wide range of content and resources involving aliens, ghosts, etc.
A 21st Century Towable - Green Tech., Fully Interchangeable/Modular Motorcycle & Quad/ATV Trailer - a Game Changer in Hauling Cargo.
There's always room for Pi in your Amateur Radio Go Kit.  Now you can top it off with the Pi-Go and plug right into your station power.
UMMU Box v2 will be a standalone UDP to MIDI/MIDI to UDP interface with built in WiFi, for use with the StrongSoft 'Remote'  iOS Apps.
Low Cost, Fast, Robust and Accurate Desktop CNC Machine
We designed a machine for the future that will revolutionize the concrete troweling business
The idea behind the Connollegs is to utilize cheap, existing technology to create a set of carbon-fiber bounding-crutches.
Stay Cool with FanBlue!
Peel and stick open source smart system gives anything in your home a higher IQ.  Go way beyond light and appliance control. Wirelessly
A high-quality touch enabled projection device that seamlessly interfaces with ANY computer. No software. No apps. Just Plug and Play!
FlipGrip is an innovative iPhone and iPad case solution centered around a unique, multi-function handle.
OneTrailer, for all the Car Top/Roof Rack equipment with more space, ease of loading/unloading and load capacity.  Thule, Yakima. etc..
The Freeze Frame is a phone case like no other! It quickly and simply solves overheating, battery drain, and slow phone speeds!
A device that transforms the Google Cardboard viewer into a hands free virtual reality viewer.
iShutter is an easy, discrete way to ensure your privacy by shielding your Macbook’s webcam
A state of the art case that extends your iPhone's memory up to 8x, battery up to 2x & allows you to save, edit, file all media.
This aircraft will create an unprecedented aerial performance that has never been seen before. Innovative. Radical. Inspiring.
An affordable kit to build your own automated bar that will pour mixed drinks at the click of a button!  Make your party, The Party.
The First $300 10 GHz Bandwidth USB Sampling Oscilloscope!
Helipad for the RC Micro Heli!  User Select-able LED Patterns,
Proximity Sensor and Wireless Communication between Pads.
Solar Hot Tub Kit is magic!  All solar design.  Accessories allow the use of excess and stored heat.  Kickstart solar hot tub savings.
We are nearing completion of the World's first two seat solar airplane, and we need funds for the electronics, and some hardware.
From your smartphone or tablet electronically send letters, photos, and money to an inmate where they can view it on kiosk machine.
Was the cool tech package priced too high when you picked up your ride? With that iPad you own and FlightDeck, we’ve got you covered!
Why do we have to bend and twist while shoveling? Now there is a new way to shovel with less bending and less effort.
Job site washout station for cleaning construction tools. Uses very little water, recycles water for up to one week. Sediment filtered.
This plug and play device lets you create dance, mood or amusement lighting using sound. A light show with your tunes.
No programming!
How would you like the ability to change the settings on your dirtbike suspension based on the terrain and your personal riding style?
This project is about creating a Cherry keyboard with the standardized Romanian layout.
We are a bespoke producer of high end genuine carbon fibre accessories for lifestyle products such as mobile phones, home, and office.
Support the research & development of a land walker prototype for disabled wheelchair users. all humans have the right to walk upright. 
Portable grilling made easy, from the shores of your favorite beach, to the rowdiest tailgate parties or even casual backyard picnics!
Faural will help you to avoid wasting drinking water by simulating the Toilet Flush sound.
The first Kickstarter to change a human condition.
a rim mounted unit that would let u pull your self out of a sticky situation
A new device that turns any size or brand of basic coffeemaker into a state-of-the-art brewing system.
Thank you Kickstarter, even though we didn't make our goal, you may purchase our stablecams at www.mojoflocam.com
Convert sedentary pastime into physical activity by exercising on site with a futuristic leg training system and its mobile apps
New geometrically intricate design with high performance product ready on world wide motorcycle market.Lighter/Stronger/Best reliable.
A revolutionary way to stop your doors from damaging your drywall or home. Fully adjustable and Guaranteed Damage Free!
Sensible Living's inexpensive wireless sensors can make your home a little smarter and your life a little more fun.
Our goal is to combat global warming by converting CO2 in to a carbon neutral renewable fuel source that is good for our planet
We have created the first working implementation of a directed thrust engine, using servo motor technology. Help us scale up!
An affordable motion platform for racing games. Created to be compact and cheap without compromising the experience.
Beautiful pens created from your custom design in brass, stainless or titanium.
Do you know who is on-scene? Lack of firefighter accountability is one of the top five causes of firefighter deaths each year.
The VJacket has sensors which let you control video effects and play sounds just by bending your arms, hitting or sliding parts of it.
THE SMART SOCKET OUTLET
An oscilloscope clock kit; a kit that can be used to create a clock using a cathode ray tube to display time.
Turn any phone or computer into a wireless universal remote. Use the IR Universal Smart Hub to control as many devices as you want.
Snowsurfer itself is made up of a front steering board and rear footboard with a T-bar handle for control.
We invented a way to clean & dry paint rollers of all sizes and naps, on the frame, with no mess in 15 seconds.
Preserve computing technology for future generations.
Your personal home analytics platform. Capture, visualize and understand your behaviours with our Internet of Things sensors.
The Proud, The Confident,The Bold, The Free.Cherish your freedom with the OlePatriot1 Sound and Flag waving system.
ONE Printrbot jr. kit for $375 OR
TWO Printrbot jr. kits for $700. 
Keep one for yourself.
GIVE one to a local school.
The Smart Glove is the perfect universal controller. It consists of an Arduino, a double axis accelerometer, and four bend sensors.
Cycling is freedom. It’s adventure. It’s also dangerous. Stay safe and perform at your peak with Cerevellum.
Lambda, the microcomputer that converts your TV to true Smart TV. Allow your media the freedom to move. Welcome to your new Smart Home.
The CFA-10036 lets you easily use the powerful ARM9 based i.MX28 processor running Linux for your embedded GPIO intensive project.
End the stairway trips with your food and young child.  Foodie Pack gives you hands free carry of your food so you can carry your baby.
Unlocks the world of lagering for home beer brewers. Lager your beer without a refrigerator, weighs just 6lbs, sits atop your fermenter
The innovation of reverse osmosis technology for the Maple Syrup industry.  Including energy savings and touch screen automation.
VINET is an innovative vehicle head-up display (HUD) that wirelessly connects to both your vehicle and your smartphone
The Luscombe 8, a revolutionary plane. It helped the US prepare for WWII. Be a part of our restoration and preserve aviation heritage.
Seeking your support to make a new product design more affordable for everyone!
-Furniture Style Hardware Kit Included – No Bolts showing through the bottom of a cabinet shelf.
-Additional installation hardware incl
If you love flying, but can't for health, financial or responsibility reasons here is an opportunity to live your dreams.
The perfect solution for viewing your smartphone, tablet, camera, camcorder or laptop under bright outdoor conditions, anywhere.
Our cookware made from 99.99% pure quartz crystal is gorgeous, cooks faster, keeps food hot longer, and has no metal to leach into food
We spend long hours sitting behind our desks. See how one can transform it into sexy and exciting experience.
A retail product line of Wind, Solar, and Water powered kits supported by a cast of characters and comics titled KidWind and Friends.
A powerful tool of cutting, for household needs DIY as for hobbyist and professionals.
Add an HDMI input interface to your Raspberry Pi and record or stream high quality video from your HD camcorder with clean HDMI output
The First Home Solar Furnace that heats your home for FREE! We are still in BETA. Help us send your furnace to an early retirement!
The Grip Smart is a ultra thin, lightweight, finger grip for your phone or anything else you don't want to drop.
A media hub for the home. It streams local or internet media to and from HDTV, Tablet or SmartPhone over AirPlay or UPnP.
The Best Padfolio combines utility, convenience, and elegance. It has a built-in 6000mAh battery to charge your smartphone and devices.
Fun Physics for Falcon is -- a Bible-affirming hands-on science immersion destination -- for experimenters of all ages.
The basic technology for the average lock hasn't been updated in years, help fund something that changes that.
Solid state upgrade to replace aging breaker points style mechanical voltage regulator for FJ60/FJ62 fuel & temperature gauges
The Tough Pi is an all in one breakout tough case for the raspberry pi 2 and 3 with an inbuilt 7 inch display.
KK1 provides USB->USART + DAAK via 4 multi-function 'data akwistion and kontrol' pins (MFPs) for SPI, I2C, DIO, AIO + on-board engines
The perfect full spectrum tool for wireless testing, security apps and routing
Auf der Suche nach einem gutem Allround- PC? Mit dem Deutschcraft "Dream Kästchen" haben sie ihn gefunden.
The first kinetic charger for your smart phone! Now for iPhone 5 and iPhone 4/4s
Know when animals reproduce with this biosensor & protect their babies.  Tech meets ecological conservation.
canexIO is a CANbus based platform to extend IOs over long distance. It is simple and easy to use, yet highly reliable and configurable
The only durable, waterproof, Bluetooth speaker designed as both a speaker to play music and a football to play catch.
The M3 is a stair walking dolly/hand truck that prevents back injuries from unsafe stairs and steps workplace conditions.
Solar USB charging for hiking and camping that you can modify to fit your backpack or tent! Less than 150 grams!
Mobile Technology IS For People Who Can See, And Also For People Who Can Not See.
Light-weighted,Colourful,Customised: Smartrs Solar Frame Charger is your best companion to live a greener lifestyle & save some carbon.
Modular electric guitar/bass pickups w/ tone shaping built right in, w/ the patent pending bobbin config that will change the world.
We are attempting to build the simplest, most efficient and practical human powered helicopter ever made.
The Transponder is a robust, low cost, location device that combines long life (4 wks) with multi-mode location (GSM, GPS, WiFi)
Help us to complete development of the Ocean Energy Turbine designed to replace Fossil Fuel and Nuclear Energy Dependence.
I'm making a super-bright LED hula hoop with 36 full color LEDs capable of thousands of patterns. LED hooping fun for kids of all ages!
V+I is a company dedicated to the development and commercialization of portable electronic Braille readers, as well as the development
Help our school provide enough tech tools to allow all students to build a 21st century mindset.
Growler Big Stout is a light weight, high performance fat bike developed to conquer any trail in any condition at an affordable price.
Computer access learning tool that helps exceptional people/healthy computer users to access their electronics for intellectual growth
This ant crusher provides a chemical-free, environmentally sound approach to treating Tawny (Rasberry) Crazy Ant infestations.
With the new patented innovation Moobitalk you can get hands-free in a second. Forget about wires, headset or Bluetooth devices.
NuevoBar ( the automated cocktail maker on steroids ) fast and precise to the drop !
Providing low cost access to the micro-gravity environment of Space!
Amber is a plug & play secure mobile phone charging station that solves a basic need drives revenue for public venues.
Shares sailboat's sensor NMEA data using Bluetooth 4.0. Makes data available to mobiles while keeping the internet connection. Sailing.
Bringing Advanced Composites Technology to Hobby & DIY Enthusiasts
I want to enter the annual Joseph Sims Elementary Science Fair and Invention Convention by creating a solar powered go kart.
The Kio Case is a safe and secure kiosk-like enclosure for the iPad 2. It allows you to safely use the iPad in a business environment.
VENTURE is a patent pending electronic cable lock that alarms at the site and alerts you via your smartphone if the cable is cut.
No more tangles, broken wire spools, or wasted wire. The wYerBox guarantees smooth wire pulling for electricians everywhere!
The 1st RC flying wing of it's kind. Designed for novice to expert pilots. Flies night & day and can be landed in one piece every time.
PATENT PENDING : CHOOSE A DISK BOOT VIA A FOUR SWITCH SELECTOR AND START YOUR COMPUTER .(SELECTION IS ELECTRONICALLY LOCK & LAUNCHED)
Bring your yard to life with LED based smart yard lights you control
from your smartphone/tablet. Please join us in coloring the world
Pressure sensor shield for Arduino.  Detect positive and negitive air pressure by sipping and puffing.
Bringing new life to vintage travel trailers and more fun to travelling the wild west coast
Never Reach Over The Gate Again! A modern alternative to string and wire pulls commonly used with standard gravity gate latches.
Simple, WiFi-enabled, OBD-II vehicle data logger and cloud services creating a platform for custom software development.
Grill anything instantly, expertly, effortlessly. The BBiQ™ bluetooth sensor & app turns your iOS or Android device into a grillmaster.
Low cost, robust logger to monitor shock/orientation, temperature and humidity conditions during transportation.
We designed a marine grade aluminum unibody housing to shoot underwater HD with the iPhone 4 & 4s to depths of 100’ in any environment.
Hovercraft Skateboard
Navigation and presentations made easy. Control your PC from a distance by simply moving MARA PEN in the air.
BLUE is a fitness app for your car that manages all your car maintenance needs by connecting your car to your smartphone.
Assists Disabled Skibikers to Load & Unload Chairlifts. Easy Riding Progressive Suspension. Recover Your Skiing Freedom on an iSkibike.
A small, low cost USB-capable Inertial Measurement Unit with open-source software. For electronics projects, robotics and UAVs
New automatic plug for your boat drain!
Ever had something in your boot that you needed to stay perfectly still? With Bagrak you can do exactly that.
A beautiful smartphone VR headset with killer features such as Augmented Reality support and lenses that articulate on two axes.
GOT WINGS?  Horizontal launch is the Wright Stuff for reusable space launch.  It opens aviation opportunities in the atmosphere too
The P4 provides battery balance control, overload/overheating protection, fire-proof housing and ODB11 battery memory saver technology.
No monkey business here! The WavyWand uses LEDs to draw images and messages of light in mid air; concerts, sport events, Burning man...
An arduino-compatible FPGA platform that can be used for a wide range of applications.
CalcHero: Making the world a better place by protecting our calculators!
Device to convert wood chunks or pellet stove fuel into hydrogen gas to replace gasoline.  New materials applied to an old technology.
Ghosts can be scary. Some people are afraid of ghosts. We aren't. We need you to help us help those that are scared. Join us!
This innovative garden tool precisely tills & weeds the small areas of a garden. Designed for tight rows, raised beds, blending soils.
A biological machine that grows food for livestock and fuels for us, the same way as millions of year ago in Earth's oceans.
The ZIR-200 is a complete home automation system that lets you take control of all the appliances in your home without being an expert.
Tired of long lines at the airport?  Tired of being groped by strangers just to get on an airplane?  Ready for a new approach?
A new simple and fun way to create a whole host of you very own remote control projects. 
For kids to adults.
The Ladder Morph is a bracket which converts two extension ladders into an adjustable A-Frame Ladder.
Dock Pi is your USB-C solution for New MacBook 12", even iPhone cable and micro-USB cable included.
The world's smallest Karaoke device that works with all major smart platforms.
Smart Plant is a modular, bluetooth and internet controlled smart watering system that monitors your house plant, garden or lawn.
800 Million people don´t have access to safe water. We will change this! Come with us...
The Solar Seeker is a revolutionary new dual axis solar tracking system.  It is small in design but very powerful.
Boombotix introduces the next leap in watch design for the iPod nano with waterproof engineering and Bluetooth technology.
Offrez à vos objets connectés une autonomie illimitée grâce à l'énergie solaire / Give to your connected devices the energy of the sun.
easyPi/o is a simple and low cost way to break out your Raspberry Pi GPIO pins to female headers for easy breadboard prototyping.
The Wind Sail is a paradigm shifting technology that can bring the power of the wind to all corners of the globe.
Chingadero is the name we gave our rod stop. It holds hoods, trunks, and hatches open on cars and suvs with worn out lift cylinders.
A tilt of your head and LED signals announce your intent. Always be seen and be safe!
Pi Focal is our mountable Raspberry Pi camera module enclosure with a protective lens cover. Made in the USA!
This is a wireless charging system with first ever flexible charging case, for iPhone 5 and Samsung Galaxy S3 that is soft and slim.
Airide 3D Cycling Chamois pad. The next generation in cycling chamois technology. The most advanced chamois yet.
Help launch iThings.org, an open community providing technology for Internet connected devices and the Internet of Things.
An Arduino and Netduino shield that provides data, voice, text, gps, and 3-axis sensing data to your projects.
"Grippity is a transparent tablet which will change the way you interact with touchscreens", Bertila Helena, Techshout
CNC Snap is a desktop CNC kit that's fun and affordable. CNC Snap adopts to your milling, engraving, cutting, etching and PCB design.
Netonos Note integrates your Sonos system with surround receivers and doorbells, plays announcements and restores groupings.
MGI designs & manufactures generators to reduce the world’s carbon footprint that impacts global warming & carbon (CO2) emissions.
Evolutionary Algorithms is an experiential guide to understanding & creating software algorithms based on natural selection and complexity science.
Connecting people with their devices through a simple, easy to use mobile app, so they know what's up no matter where they are.
The Port Dimmer Controller 4 controls up to 4 0-10volt light dimmers. It gives you unlimited freedom to control your home or business.
The answering machine re-invented. Communicate better with a fixed location voice messaging system for your closest friends and family.
Rail circulaire pour harnais de kitesurf.
The automated hydroponic garden of the future! A simple, solar powered, space-efficient solution for city-dwelling green thumbs!
Secure mobile password management system for all of your devices with strong encryption and no subscription required
I have the opportunity to use my 40 years of skills as a fabricator to help preserve the aircraft of the greatest generation.
Protect your passwords and online identities on your smart phone, forget them, and use them anywhere, instantly and conveniently.
A completely integrated  programmable command center with the functions of a keyboard & mouse housed in a  pair of wireless controllers
A proof of concept leading to a re-chargeable quadcopter for reconnaissance and other rover support operations.
Now any beach umbrella can charge a phone, or USB-compatible device, with the clean power of the sun.
World's First Basketball SmartWatch. Automatically Tracks Real-Time 3PT, FT, and FG Percentages. Analyze and Improve Your Shot.
7-42VDC Input 5V 2A USB Output Power Supply. 
Compatible with Raspberry Pi, Arduino, iDevices, Mobile Phones and other USB Devices.
Sunshine Is Motor Fuel
What would you do if you realized a drone was invading your privacy? The Personal Drone Detection System is your first line of defense.
GT TV™ with Secure Peer Assist™ downloads, stores and streams the best Hollywood and Indie movies and TV in TRUE HD to your TV
Mixology is a physical mixer for audiophile gamers that allows a Windows user to change the volume of any program at any time.
Bring the audio jack back to your iPhone 7! Charge your phone + listen to music at the same time with the MFI-certified CourageCable.
The Papilio FPGA Shield will allow Arduino users to tap into the amazing power of an FPGA using their existing Arduino skills!
A new London based HiFI speaker company, developing small modular speakers that can also be linked up to form larger systems.
The goggles that bring together the advantages of currently available devices, used for 2D and 3D movies and games, VR and AR
To turn an empty lot into a playground.  A fun safe place made with recycled & repurposed materials. We want to turn ugly into great
Stomp Key is a stylish, customizable keyboard key for your feet. Designed for efficiency and compatible with any applications!
Develop an 100 kilowatt intermediate working model of a land positioned vertical axis wind turbine.
Create an Open Source outdoor robotics prototype.
Kalonn - (Irish) means strong. The Kalonn case is a slim design durable case for the Apple Ipad Mini, all handmade each one is unique.
SensoriOne is a robust, versatile sensor that developers can use to quickly and easily create motion capture applications
The only way to guarantee the protection of your electronic devices from the damaging effects of lightning is to unplug them!
This is 3-axis electronically stabilized camera gimbal for capturing incredibly smooth video.
What's a cooler gadget than a Smart Watch or Glasses? A Smart Voice Badge. Star Trek a reality! Talks to twitter, facebook, eBay...
Levaté is a light, portable, easily detachable pneumatic lift for manual wheelchair users that increases their reach by 12-18 inches.
I run an entertainment company and am in need of better equipment to fullfill the need of the rest of this documentary film im working
µTracker is a GPS + GSM board optimized for low Power consumption with many features you will like. Ready for your ideas come to life!
Snowplows and spreaders dont work well in freezing temps. The answer is to apply a little warmth provided by the vehicle doing the work
Drink Dispensing Cooler
A tool that allows anyone to easily collect and share automobile and bicycle traffic count data.
The ultimate in protection for your gear. Without compromise.
Habitat is a smart home automation platform that transforms exisisting devices into smart connected products.
Control your home appliances from the your smart device:)
Wireless headphones for athletes done right.  
Audio fidelity that stays with you, no matter how hard you play.
Create your product. It should be cheap, strong, flexible and easy to use. It should be Xploboard!
THEO POWER, Protective and Minimalistic, Wireless Rechargeable back up battery solution.
The TROCADÉRO-FIXIE, a pure gliding sensation!
- Une pure sensation de glisse !
A uniquely styled, heavy duty, heat-dissipating laptop stand for use in the home or office.
www.ecopooldrain.com 
This sealed unit is a maintenance free solution that easily connects to your pool filter pump connection.
iSteadi is an easy to pack away snap-in conversion kit: it transforms a standard mobile phone into a semi-professional videocamera
"Quick Response" - helidrop  oil containment boom for rapid deployment in the event of a shipwreck leaking oil.
An easy to use device to prevent the loss or theft of your valuable items. Best of all, Bluetooth NOT REQUIRED.
Guardian integrates cooling control, hardware monitoring and LED lighting to deliver a dynamic full color lighting experience for PCs
Easily control and interact with your Arduino projects from your phone, tablet, or computer using BLE (Bluetooth 4.0).
The Faraday Box eliminates all external communication with your personal electronic devices. TRUE electronic privacy on demand!
An intelligent LED wash light that listens to your instrument or microphone and creates a masterfully designed light show.
E1 adds a little intelligence and a lot of personality to any hardware project, from robotics to interactive art. Help us get it made.
An adjustable height monitor stand that looks and sounds great.
Our goal is to build the first production version of the patented "Suspended Rider Bicycle." That done, orders can be accepted.
Small gumstick-size devices for home control/monitoring over the Internet
PowerSnout - the charger for your mobile devices.
Hidden in a frame of an electric outlet,
with integrated retractable charging cable!
Build your own full-size CNC machine on the cheap and produce precision designs without relying on overseas manufacturing.
Fat Battery is a simple modification for your iPhone 6s, delivering supercharged 4x battery power so your battery lasts 4x longer!
We need to extend the Hydro Abrasive Rescue Tool to a 30K PSI unit
SetupEye is the world's first handheld alignment system for golfers, with a built-in viewfinder and target lock technology.
Check out our RELAUNCH Kickstarter page on www.camboosa.com/hardwhere (redirect) !!
This project is a technology upgrade to the 1976 Tuna Tin 2 of the late Doug DeMaw but now with 2 watts, QSK and better filters.
The Twenty-First Anniversary Fryette Classic Limited Edition Stereo Tube Power Amplifier.
Collaborative grow project, we are pairing the greatest LED grow light on the planet with some of the most talented growers in the US.
Is it a LapTab? DeskTab? A4Tab = A4 size screen, E-Printer function, docking station, active stylus (great for drawing!) and A4dable!!!
A smartphone spectroscope appropriate for use in high school and introductory college chemistry courses.
The new Elefu Base is a modular, rapid prototyping system. Affordable stay in place development for an open source world.
Join us as we develop an integrated well drilling and pumping system using bike power. Come participate in our workshop in Shelton, WA.
The plug and play Ping2550 is a development board with integrated USB support so NO messing around with separate programmers.
A Frame for more than just yourself: Flink lets all of your family members and close friends instantly put their photos into the frame.
Pocket sized battery powered Quad Core Ubuntu Linux server with Access Point mode for sharing web apps without a internet connection.
Rex is a single-board computer with a full OS that was designed for robots. Combine Rex + Arduino for the ultimate robot!
Radiator Mate is a stylish early warning gadget that tells you when you need to bleed your radiators!
ProtoPLC for Raspberry Pi is the ultimate add-on board for prototyping industrial solutions using the latest Raspberry Pi boards.
Smart-Pod™ is a ruggedized mission pod that is the core of our Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) - it protects the autopilot and avionics.
This is an opportunity to advance a truly intelligent renewable energy monitor and control system.
Know the truth. Know where everyone is. Help us create a real life interactive Marauder's Map.
Cielo WiGle: Our Devices turn any Air Conditioner, Television or Light Smart - One Smartphone App for ALL our Devices...
Simple Serial eliminates LED design problems.
Simple Serial uses I2C communication to talk to a microcontroller or arduino.
Power your circuit board when and where you need, by using USB power you already have with you.
We’re going to help you INNOVATE!  With our help you can unleash your creativity by making your own plastic  parts in a MYOS machine 


High school student teams build and race sophisticated solar-powered RC cars with the help of an instructive online hub.
Quantify your vengeance on the local mosquito population in a fun and informative way with an intelligent bug zapper from Zapstats!
Get your household and crafting projects done with ease and precision with the stroke of your thumb!  No longer misplace your cutter!
Easily connect sensors and devices to the newest Pi.
We are Mohonbots FTC Team 4107. We need your help to conquer the Super Regional Competition in York, Pennsylvania.
Tradition meets innovation with a bike bell smarter than the rest.
Handheld digital TPMS pressure gauge, that measures object temperature along with pressure, then displays the Effective CIP.
XPNDBLS is a modular phone case that aims to expand smartphone hardware and capabilities by creating a platform for future development.
The rugged and everlasting Ndassie MINI: shed some light on productivity and poverty
A self contained wall mounted, powered Pi case with interchangable socket heads for UK/EU/US/AUS
Tappecue lets you monitor your grilling/smoking sessions on your Smartphones and Tablets no matter where you are.
Solar, AC, and DC Renewable, Smart, Compact Light, with 10-120 Lumens of Light Plus Built in Charger for Mobile Devices!
Smart Toothbrush Holder
Text parents if children are not brushing
or lets them know if a toothbrush is unsafe to use.
WeGoBabies provides family solutions to keep your day going smoothly in Airports, Zoos, Museums, Theme Parks, Cruises & Malls.
Create your own 360° image with your prof. camera or your Phone. Connect your ATXS with your lan and control it with your Mac/PC/Phone.
The Accu-Jig is the fastest and most accurate drill guide to use to drill holes for your cabinet pull handles/knobs.   www.accu-jig.com
Removing the distance barrier of any vehicle remote starter with a simple universal cloud-connected device.
We are looking for backers to help us grow the coolest innovation on bikes in 20 years...the bicycle hub.
The ACSion Android Camera Controller - turns your smartphone into a wireless camera control box!
Animo is a versatile, wireless, open-source EEG headset for games, meditation training, therapy, computers, music, and more.
Product combines a solar-powered back-up battery for any cell phone, iPod or other device, with an internal amplifier and speakers.
I would like to make complete RepRap Prusa Mendel printers for others who want one.
Meet the challenge. Can you loop the ball around more than one time?
No one has ever been able to figure this out.
All my life I've wanted to go into space. 
This will probably never happen,so I'm doing the next best thing I could think of: 
I'm building a space sh
This is a tool to help in tuckpointing brick, grouting tile and stone work for fireplaces and walls.
Progressive suspension truck allows the skateboard to flow over cracks. Pivot Axis Control clicks into Carve, Cruise and Speed modes.
Control all of your lights, door locks, security sensors, thermostats, and more from your smartphone or tablet.
High performance and Energy efficient computing. Open Source product based on ARM architecture supporting many linux distributions.
The Jumper Cable Has Evolved!
Power your phone & USB devices from flowing water in rivers, streams, and faucets, and towed behind boats. How will you spin the 'Bee?
We want more electric vehicles! But where to charge them? Share your access to the energy grid and earn money.
Get lost in the woods, but don’t lose your charge!
The HALO powers devices for the outdoor 
enthusiast and emergency preparedness.
Dynamic Eye is creating a revolutionary pair of electronic sunglasses that darkens only glare sources like the sun.
A Multimedia Screen with the performance of a powerful computer, and the possibility to control it with hand gestures.
Ultra clean, super low-noise audio for the purists.
Super strong Door chain/Flip lock. It can be installed in under a minute requiring only a screwdriver. It does no damage to the door.
Arduino Compatible (Leonardo),
Dual Bi-Direction Motor Driver,
Compatible with I2C, R/C signals, Encoders
SoundSquared is a extremely durable, sound enhancing case for your iPhone™. Hear your phone 2 to 3 times louder and protect it!
I have designed mobile, autonomous robots that can grow food, or make green energy and anyone can own one.
Pledge - We make the finest suspension skateboards & suspension bushings! Follow us on Facebook under ViceTrux and at Vicetrux.com
we can turn all contaminated water back into drinking water practically gallon for gallon.  we are cost effective and patent pending.
A new type of power-connector that eliminates the difficulties and safety issues found with the traditional 3-pronged plug.
The 7300 Super Vault is a thumb-sized file and folder encryption USB KEY providing the highest US military-level encryption protection.
How much can ONE 260watt solar panel do?  If every home had ONE solar panel, it can reduce as much CO2 as 24 trees can.
The Touchless V-Switch
Open Hardware, Open Source,  400 Mhz, 16MB RAM, 16 MB Flash, ARM development board. Designed to run the .net Micro framework.
Radio Frequency Identification (RFID) tags allow multiple users to automatically adjust desks to their preferences.
Flipswitch is a smart home device that allows you to control your house light via smartphones. It links directly to your smartphone.
Quick turn new patented drain great for wheelbarrows, garden carts, aquariums, construction washouts, dumpsters, raised gardens, & more
To create an open source wind turbine that anyone can make. We plan to make them cheaper to build with greater efficiency.
Our Patio Table Fan System provides a cool breeze on a warm day, allowing you to enjoy your back yard or favorite restaurant again.
Go pro with your GoPro camera. Get the most out of your filming with the aid from Pro Aim.
Carbon FREE energy research at Australian National University in Canberra.
A game changing approach to playing, experiencing and sharing golf.
World's Most Powerful 55,000 mAh Portable Zinc-Air Battery Charger. Stay Connected, Informed, Entertained When Power Lines Are Down.
Pi-Tab - A 7" tablet with the brains of a Raspberry Pi.
The Relentless Foundation has been formed around a single belief: entrepreneurs change the world. We are asking you to help us get our platform built!
JUCEBOX connects all your devices and opens up an extraordinary world of connectivity - light, sound, security, all at your fingertips
Contribute to building the prototype of a radically efficient transport solution for commuters and making the design available.
These bracelets enable those nearby to be alerted  if a person falls into the water.
Georun (for iPhones and Android) is new cool mobile application for running, cycling or cross country skiing.
Awesome Lightning Cables that provide mentorship for women entrepreneurs.
FPS game with gun-shaped controler gives you the best playing experiences,compatible with mobile devices and PC
OMNI-QC is a fully automated quadcopter controlled via the Netduino microboard.
At Infnty we have a very simple, yet ambitious goal. To make media access as streamlined and precognitive as the living room itself.
SoundsCape is a BeagleBone Cape that adds analog audio I/O and bluetooth I/O for limitless audio possibilities.
Juucing-up your portable devices from one zen-like power source via USB and Qi Wireless Charging
Power Control System (Home Automation) leveraging smart devices to remote control Genie Cube (addressable switch cube) and sensors.
To design and build a rocket capable of reaching the moon costing $5,000 or less for all hardware and software.
A unique way for teaching scientific principle of 'Refractive Index'. 
Kit will construct a handheld magnifying lens using clean water.
The Blitzmobile is the new way to carry everything you'd need to explore the open world. Be the next Lewis and Clark!
An optimally sized large 3D printer. Big enough to print large. Small enough to retain precision.
High performance road bike you've always wanted but couldn't find.  Road racing geometry w/ 35mm tire capacity.
Bike tail light automatically turns on when it gets dark. Be visible without having to get off your bike and turn the tail light on.
Wi board: raise productivity 10 times run full microsoft programs boost your active lifestyle
Have you ever lost a USB thumb drive and wished you had a remote wipe or kill switch for it? Katana does this and more.
Luxury watch style + iPod nano + beer opener.  You must be looking for RICHARD TRACY BRAND.
an electronics kit for building a jar of fireflies or powering your own device with indoor photovoltaic energy harvesting
Compact, Safe And Unique: World's First Electric Bike That Can Be Charged By Car Cigarette Lighter Socket. Only US$649 w/Free Shipping.
The BrewBox™ is ideal for Brewers with single or multi-tier systems and provides control of multiple valves, pumps and/or accessories.
The neuPhone is a neutron detector for your smartphone. Use it to find/learn about neutron radiation, a radiation different than gamma!
VGADuino is a small Graphic card Shield for Arduino boards that can be connected to any kind of TV or Monitors with RGB or AV ports
Computer Jacker makes it possible for anyone to build their own high performance computers using kits and detailed video instructions!
Lots of phones are smart, but very few are really Smart&Tough. 
The Stealth 4G is both. Its at home on a beach, bike or desk..
Burglar Blocker helps you to keep your home and company secure at a low cost, it's an easy to use window lock everyone can install.
This multifunctional tape measure will forever change the many uses and applications of a tape measure in construction and home usage
A complete hydraulic hose kit designed to give a permanent solution that you create yourself - quickly and easily.
Innovative, reliable, functional and very versatile smartphone (and camera) holder for any and every situation.
We are researching a new hydraulic principle of hydrofoil helix to induce marine propulsion.  See: www.Vimeo/vor-prop
HaloTouch combines WiFi Display & Motion Control let you control Android phones in a sci-fi way!
Your device stays where you put it. Your phone won't fall out of your pocket. A low tech solution to an expensive problem. Not a case.
A new concept to control your round shape Moto 360 watch
This encoder addresses limitations of currently available encoders by being simple, robust, and customizable.
We're raising funds to erect the main antenna and transmitter for our new low power community radio station in Ann Arbor, Michigan.
The Pk Striker Makes Great Fighters
RTK Box is a high performance and low power consumption for RTK positioning device.
From the inventor of the award winning toys. This kit lets you build your own robot!  Easy enough for novices, cool enough for anyone!
Nucoustix Artwork presents your photographs, posters, textiles or DIY painting as high quality, flat panel speakers built eco-friendly.
Neo-Plug, an "attractive" and new way to charge your iPhone, iPad or Smart phone with the power of magnets.
The SMART HARNESS gives you the  opportunity to work hands-free with tablet computers, notebook PC’s, measuring instruments
A device that plugs into your smartphone and uses an infrared sensor to instantly display and record surface temperatures
The Brewometer lets you monitor the specific gravity and temperature of your brew from your smartphone or tablet.
We want everyone to try an EV, why not in style?
Our project has ended, but we're just getting started!!!  You can still pre-order by checking us out at www.VirtualKnockOut.com.
Stand alone device delivers audible content of Twitter feeds, configured with prioritized content based on user-driven parameters.
A low cost, high-performance 3D sensor that anyone can build.
A groundbreaking solution to data security, the BlurPort is the coolest way to protect your most important stuff.
The sprinkler valve that makes watering easy and optimal, helping plants thrive while saving you time and water. Make it real with us.
Control up  2047 IoT WILDLY On Arduino With Complementary Advantages Of WiFi and ZigBee.  A Total Win In The World Of M2M Wireless.
The Serviceman best friend. A versatile tool to allow the user to clean or ream out orifices of different sizes without changing tools.
Miniaturized computer module for industrial or commercial applications covering all core features of BeagleBone Black.
The RAW iPhone 4 case is made from hemp and naturally derived epoxy resin.  It's light, strong, earth-friendly, and even looks good!
This system is attachable to multiple surfaces, optimizing players' performance and taking portable scoreboards to a new level.
Firmware viruses have become a trend.  Emanations monitoring lets neighbors remotely spy on your typing.
Store, track, and automatically dispense the foods you love. I'm making pantries smarter and easier to use than ever.
The E-Z Kwiklift is a lift stand designed for the ease of lifting things into the attic in homes where it may be used.
The Rainbow Flash Wizard changes the colour of your flash so you can take more beautiful pictures and produce cool effects
Run the latest in desktop graphics cards in your laptop at full X16 speeds. MXM to PCIe Module.
A Smarter Thermostat For Everyone.
The IOLITE is a revolutionary GPS device giving you real-time guidance while swimming in open water - swim straight and fast with ease!
Digitally programmable 1-100 volt power supply, on a standard shield module compatible with Arduino development boards.
GATE is an IoT (Internet of Things) smart mailbox for the 21st century home.
In cooperation with X-systems we designed this rugged, ergonomic smartphone to be "Lifeproof".
MotherBone™PiOne™ is a peripheral motherboard for BeagleBone Black & Raspberry Pi providing safe I/O expansion for Linux based systems
Stroller handle extensions for tall dads who dad as hard as possible.
The Next Step in Electric Motor Revolution - Introduction of a Voice. Electric Motors can operate, report, and enter the world of IoT -
The ultimate hi-tech solution to headlight bulbs failure.
Stop spending money and wasting time! Install HaloGenies.
The WiFibLiNd is a wi-fi window blind tilt motor and temperature sensor for iOS, Android, and computer control.
Power everything from a single USB-C port. This Plugable dock is the ultimate connectivity solution for your MacBook and more.
Love the freedom of the open road & feeling a bike beneath you? MV2 is a wireless Smart Panel allowing you to stand out in the crowd.
The Swiss tool for programming the Chinese IOT pocket knive with NodeMCU and Lua
This is a 4-channel fully differential USB powered signal generator based on FPGA + 4x 100 MS/s DAC.
If you want to use AA batteries instead of a 9V, then you need a boost. BoostMini is an inexpensive way to get the voltage you need.
Turn any smartphone or tablet into hundreds of different effects  pedals, drum machines, DAW's, loop stations, vocoders and more.
A cheap and cheerful head-up display. Made from a baseball cap, some optics, and your smartphone.
A solar inverter design you can build yourself to generate household AC power from a solar panel, wind generator and/or battery.
This Cool Tool catapults phonemic reading skills.  Contributors save 

almost 300% and can change childrens lives  with better reading.
Small commercial grade hydroponic two-pod mobile garden as a STEM project that's healthy to eat in the classroom.
Fast & convenient way for music & podcast lovers to pause/play. Works on your favorite headphone.
A thermometer to sense and communicate the temperature around you, and a  cooking probe to barbecue, roast  and bake like a master Chef
The Learnometer helps learners and schools perform better by optimising the physical environment for learning in each space, over time
An all-in-one pocket development platform for your projects.
OLED screen, WiFi, μSD and more...
The only limit is your own imagination
With Power & High Spec @ Half the cost, this is
the Worlds Most Affordable Folding eBike.
Crowdfunded


Your Ride, Others Envy
The Smart Power Pak is an external battery for smart phone users featuring unique magnetic attachment, short cables and a sleek design.
Sauna, Steam Generator, Sauna Panel, Shower Panel with Steam Generator and Sauna, Steam/Sauna Shower Panel, Home Improvement, Bathroom.
This switch allows the user to replace a mechanical switch, it has a digital relay output.  It can be used for "Switch enabled" product
The revolutionary air-free USB powered solder paste and adhesives dispenser. For SMT PCB prototyping, DIY, Crafts and products assembly
A color changing Fluorescent to LED Replacement Bulb!!!
We all rely on snail-mail, so reclaim your sanity with Postifier. The ONLY Bluetooth device to notify your smartphone if mail arrived.
The Sirduino is an open-source electronics learning tool that is compatible with Arduino and powered by Atmel's XMEGA processor family.
Arctic Rain units will keep your swimming pool temperature cool during the hot summer months.
Revolutionary inline hydroelectric generator that uses the unharnessed energy within pipelines to generate clean, renewable electricity
A portable, multi-screen media player that aggregates TV, VOD, stored content and lets you search, view, share it on a screen of choice
Android Powered - Touch Screen - Custom Profiles - Sound - Wifi -Much More!
The Veloloop triggers traffic sensors at intersections so your bicycle gets detected, because you have a right to take a left!
The patented Brouhaha Bike Trailer is an electric-assist cargo trailer that can be loaded up without adding any effort to the cyclist.
Visual dictionary that has videos and images with every definition, in multiple languages.
Gesture and Voice controlled Light Switch for your Smart Home
The non-profit community hackerspace Alpha One Labs needs to install a
floor to replace the existing old bare dirty concrete surface.
A last mile mobility solution for travelers, commuters & those who want a better experience of cities. #FreedomInYourBag
EasyMaker is a reconfigurable robot to make stuff.  It can be reconfigured into a CNC mill or a 3d printer.
Understanding molecular structure and chirality is hard, the CHIRALCARD makes it almost a child play that it feels like cheating.
The Freeform Stand is a wood and carbon fiber iPad stand for Square Register point of sale users. Designed for looks; built for life.
Plant your seeds, Configure the environment, sit back, relax, and watch them thrive!
Microplates mean many tests at once. Modified microplates = improved test results + increased safety + reduced waste = everyone happy.
VisitorBots are affordable, open-source telepresence robots that work with most smartphones, tablets & video chat applications.
A standard size AA rechargeable battery that can switch itself on and off, and is controllable from your smartphone or tablet.
HackEDA is a mashup tool for electronics.  Create just what you need, no engineering degree required.
A Cellular platform designed for everybody: 
check your home, location, add sensors or build your own project
This a high quality, aircraft machined Raspberry Pi2 case, with a built in heat sink.
A crucial step towards making space accessible to all and a technological cornerstone for a new era in amateur space flight.
EagleSoC are rich functionality, compact sized development boards, that provide mixed-signal support utilizing Cypress PSoC 5LP MCU.
A portable outdoor cooler that runs on water and solar power, using evaporative cooling to chill your drinks and food in hot weather!
What's after 3D? TOOB "D" or in simple terms curved screens. TOOB is an affordable curved dome screen.
Mini Multi Card Reader for smartphones & tablets. Supports MicroSD, TF, SD, MMC, MMC Mobile, M2, MS Pro, MS Pro Duo & MS Duo. Micro USB
PlugBot is an open source, ultra-compact hardware botnet proof-of-concept and mobile penetration testing device
Revolutionizing Dream Space by Connecting People One Lucid Dreamer at a Time. What's your frequency?
Blooky remembers all your usernames and passwords, so you don't have to. Blooky is the solution to the password problem.
The minkeFLIP is more than an IoT light switch, it’s a step forward in home automation: WiFi, open source, inexpensive.
The RinkuHaus G-Link allows you to control your garage opener with the flash of your headlights. Works for both Cars and Motorcycles!
A light efficient generator to pull behind the e-bike to eliminate range limitations. Quiet and easy to use. Stability plus.
A device for mixing model building paints
Replace your out-of-date manual vents with E-Vents. The affordable home-automation solution that increases your comfort & saves energy.
A new way for wheelchair users to navigate their homes. Simpler, easier, cheaper.
If you are like me, you hate filling the water reservoir on your coffee maker. Why not automate that with Touch-N-Fill™?
Want Analog Speed and Direction in PC Gaming? Aimpad™ provides analog gaming control in a keyboard form factor.
Fishing 'Rod Line Sensor' the new patent pending invention. Something that all fisherman/anglers will want on their rods.
My brother and I are building a new solar-powered coffee roaster to use for our coffee shop in Pueblo, Colorado.
Transform any TV into an intelligent interactive display, bringing the functionality of your PC and mobile devices to the Big Screen.
Here we are developing lab in a box kit, controlled by your android smart phone
Modular 3D printable personal robot arm that's Arduino compatible! Li-ion power and wireless Bluetooth control let you use it anywhere.
A brilliantly simple wireless, rechargeable, sensor solution to integrate your life with the services and devices you already use.
The SmartMat is a Wi-Fi connected sensor that goes under door mats and detects the weight of people or pets and triggers actions.
FlutEase is an educational aid for beginner students studying the flute.  It's like training wheels for the flute.
Make your own WSN. Control your Home from your Tablet/SmartPhone! For  DIY folks and App builders alike.
Open Source Circuit Project Includes Android ADK 2012 hardware with a ARM 32-bit Cortex M3 micro & Bluetooth based on Arduino platform
4 square wave oscillators passing thru a low-pass filter. Makes droney spacey sounds, hence the name Space Drone.
Improve your Home Security with the Bold Smart Cylinder Lock. Easy installation, smartphone access sharing and designed for every door.
Innovative tablet that enhances the privacy for you. The screen appears completely white to the naked eye.
Dual channel Oscilloscope/Signal Generator/Input capture/Output capture/I2C Master/I2C Slave/GPIO IO/UART/Frequency counter all in one.
Small Arduino compatible USB host board. Take control of your Android phone or other USB device in your next project.
Arduino on the table... Raspberry Pi on the floor.  Those things are hard to work with aren't they?  Put them on the FruitStand.
Zii Energy is already in vehicles from top automakers, and is now working with well-known brands to be incorporated in all devices.
A compact smart power outlet, iOS/Android smartphone, controls & measures power usage. Wireless Arduino code programming + REST API
A motorized big wheel scooter to carry disabled people of all ages through the soft sand to enjoy the beach and ocean.
Easily build complex embedded wireless devices using open-source Java programmable wireless microcontrollers.
pi addon 4 channel controller board , with real time clock, 4 channel analogue to digital,2k eeprom, ds18b20 socket onboard power etc.
Shark PC is an affordable, compact, eco-friendly and totally wireless personal computer you can access from anywhere
Now Playing on your HDTV, remember home slide shows? Relive the magic of days gone by, digitize your slides (popcorn optional)
The first fully compatible LPT hardware device for the Beaglebone Black. For hobbyists, developers, and designers!
Red ciudadana alternativa para la medición de contaminantes en la Ciudad de México.
A 3D Lens Adapter and App for the iPhone that creates Animated GIFs
Turns your PC into an ultra-wide range current/volt/power (factor) meter/oscilloscope/datalogger, USB powered, 2.5kV galvanic isolation
Protect your Raspberry PI in a tough waterproof extruded aluminum box
4,000 preloaded learning activities for Grades K-5 in Reading, Math, Phonics, Spelling, Vocabulary and Science.
Firefly is an Arduino compatible system with onboard power, charging, data logging, and radio communications.
Put your WiFi router in that perfect spot to extend coverage, get full Gigabit data and an AC outlet with a single network cable.
The big table you need for the small space you have!

Super slick and super big
The first concealed flat panel art speaker that allows you to enjoy spacious sound while beautifully showcasing your favorite art.
With Diveduino you can log your depth and temperature during your dive in a TXT file
Plug into your home phone and those pesky telemarketing and robocalls just stop.   The 1st crowd sourced spam blocker for the home.
Introducing the "One Button Survey"! An accurate, affordable and easy to use GPS survey system designed for drone operators.
A spherical animated ball of 384 LEDs. Programmable. Has Bluetooth, microphone, accelerometer, rechargeable LiFePO4 battery.
BRYX is an LEGO compatible, Arduino programmable Bluetooth Smart brick.
The BEST high performance SUP board fin for flat water paddling and SUP surfing. The spring pivot fin mount turbo charges your board.
I want to purchase a CNC plasma burning machine to start a metal art production house.
I am a Computer system Engineer and have been working in some horticultural science proj. recently.   I have great passion for plants.
A new way to read books and tablets? It’s about time!

Mükava (Mū kå vå) is the world’s first ergonomic reading table.
A fully autonomous digital pen for notetaking, drawing and learning; points out writing errors and connects via WiFi in real time
tim-E (pronounced "Timmy"), the iPhone/iPod Robot Alarm Clock and Bedside Companion that charges your iPhone or iPod Touch.
Vome lets you control your sockets with your voice,  simply say ''turn lights on'' and Vome turns on your lights
Extend your smart phones/tablets with WiFi Wireless Sensors for home use in applications such as cooking, health, environment, and more
The eDrometer digital hydrometer is specifically designed to aid the artisan brewer, winemaker and distiller in their craft.
Eliminate robocalls! Listen for your ring pattern. Take calls from your mobile phones and landlines on your home telephones and PCs.
The Firefly Pick is a guitar pick that creates a rhythmic light show synchronized to music as it is being played.
Sleek Sound is a revolutionary Sound Enhancing Charging Dock for the Iphone 4 and 5.
A low cost hardware and software second source for the TI eZ430-RF2500 emulator.  USB to SPI communications plus bootstrap loader.
SolRider makes space exploration affordable for YOU!  Send an image and tweet, or up to 10 grams of "the right stuff" to the Moon.
Smartlet puts your iPhone on your wrist so it's always close, but never in the way.
Cutting edge technology affords chickens convenient freedom to roam from sunrise to sunset and security from predators all night long.
A railroad to space using a mechanical hypervelocity launcher to enable large-scale space utilization.
A wireless tag to keep track of your important gear using your smartphone.
Ever try to find a service provider for twisting fine film coated electrical wire pairs in any amount less than a 2-thousand pound tub?
BLUEmometer - a universal waterproof thermometer that connects to your iOS or Android smartphone via Bluetooth.
The classic buckling spring switch modernized. Uses Cherry MX keys, plates, and PCBs, supports backlighting, feels like nothing else.
Revolutionizing the way you work with electronics. Making interactive technology easily accessible for your next creative project.
Use with your smartphone, ipad or android tablet to view and capture UV-Fluorescent images. Many applications for home & industrial use
Squeezers produce flat pressure verses a pinch point found with tweezers. They are designed to take care of acne manually.
We want to make cycling even safer! Together with you! We produce self enluminating GlowStripes which are easy to mount, Plug & Play!
The NifteeSupply is a smart power supply designed with all of you makers, tinkerers, and DIY-ers in mind.
A learning IR blaster pod (hardware) controlled via an open protocol and open source Android app.
Drop the ST Impact Ball and identify the risk of a brain injury before a playground or sports field accident happens
Part of an open source Arduino industrial data collection network. Sensors, machine interfaces, and production monitoring systems.
WHEEL FX will take wheels to the next level of visual enjoyment for all ages, and with a infinite number of Visual Illusions
easier, cheaper, and more environmentally friendly.
DIY TILING has never been easier. Watch the video and see just how easy it is. You will be hunting for tiling projects.
Heavy kickstands, insufficient air with portable pumps, solve your bicycle problems with Kickstand Pump.
Jade is an easy to use educational robot with a working spectrometer so anyone can do real science just like Curiosity on Mars!
The unique on-board device that captures F1 like telemetry data from your vehicles and allows you to share and compare your performance
A programmable proximity sensing device that transmits z axis motion, x swipe gestures and features 5 useful trigger modes.
Arduino SPC for Industrial Machine Tools. Record the exact number of minutes per day your machines are actually producing product.
LifeLogger's team is working to bring you the ultimate POV wearable video camera along with the best processing software!
Within minutes of activating, you will hear Santa preparing to come down the chimney and see Rudolph's red nose light up the fireplace!
The next "must have" product for wine lovers. Instantly enhance the flavors, bouquet and astringency for a more balanced taste.
*Patent Pending*
Rook is a way for individuals to effortlessly expand their devices’ memory, all without internet access.
Check it out! Make next winter easier - how? With a 4-in-1 snow shovel, rake, plow and ice scrapper. Very handy indeed!
True Lie Golf Simulator the first ever rotational golf hitting platform!
Instant broadcast important alert to multiple friends and families simultaneously by text, voice, and email. Just one push a button!
A PROTECTION  FROM MOSQUITOES
OUR "MINI PEBBLE"
The EVNEX ACI (Adaptive Charge Interface) is a DIN mounted J1772 EVSE controller - Powered by Particle.
Control the AC mains SAFELY with your Raspberry Pi- no electrical connection to the deadly mains.  Ideal for schools/ colleges.
Finally a stylish & inexpensive way to record your smartphone conversation, privately, and in your control. Spara - Designed in Sweden.
Plans and instruction for building and using your own ultra light LED studio lighting for photography and video production
Multi Sensor Board for XBee Wireless Sensor Network – Temperature, Pressure, Humidity and Light
A basin wrench with bright LED lights aimed at the adjustable jaws to give the user a visible work space in dark environments
Welcome to my Kickstarter project for"The Pole Grabber"a universal  hanger designed for the chain link fence made from stainless steel
I am trying to make the ultimate in LED Poi. My goal is to make these poi: Insanely Bright, Extremely Durable, Programmable
Motion Sim - This is Next Gen Sim Racing incl. full motion simulator technology, 3D VR connection, 5.1 sourround sound and much more
SoSecure: World’s first encrypted 256-bit AES solid-state hard drive controlled by your smartphone. Giving you control of your data.
The HotShot is an organic herbicide sprayer - it kills weeds with a pressurized jet of hot water and dilute acid. Just point and shoot.
FlexClipz is an energy absorbing facemask clip for football helmets.  Our mission is to make our Clipz the new standard
More and more people are unable to enjoy a good night’s sleep. Now, with SLIIP you could live 1/3 of your life healthier than ever.
Revolutionize the way we produce power by supporting the development of amazing technology for a small lead cooled fast reactor!
Enclosure for three SBCs (RPi or BB Blk or combination), network switch, power distribution PCB and software fitting 5 1/4" drive bay.
Team Reapers is going to the National Competition to battle their 15lb Robot. Our robot "R6" who won several prizes is in need of an overhaul!
The Tool Crescent is a renovated method of storing and hanging all types of tools and objects in just about any sort space.
You can install it in your home, without changing family habits, maintaining existing equipment and it guarantees your privacy.
Compact Micro QI Charger to charge wireless devices
Cloé transforme votre vélo classique en vélo électrique en quelques secondes ! 
Cloé turns your classique bike on electric bike
I am looking to prototype and bring to market the first touch screen car wash vacuum system on the market.
We plan to create a server hosting system, right from your doorstep. Cheap Australian Minecraft server hosting, right from Melbourne.
Introducing the first smart-jacket for running using wearable intuitive motivational technology. By Simon Weatherall Former Marine
Hand crafted, solid wood and metal, charging stand for the Apple Watch (or any other watch for that matter).
Omega Strip at 4ft long, 3/4" diameter has plenty of room to harness lots of tangled wires. 
No Tools-No Tangles-No Troubles!
Support a group of student engineers. Help our program grow. Become the face of our team!
An innovative security locking device that prevents the theft of motor scooters.
An affordable oscilloscope and signal generator for your iPad  - open your eyes to the fun of home electronics!
ELECTRONICS DRAW HIGH POWER WHEN FIRST TURNED ON. SOFT STARTS GIVE YOUR TV, COMPUTER, & MORE A GENTLE START FOR A LONGER LIFE.
Imagine playing music with a wave of your fingers while light becomes your instrument.
Upgrade your 3D printer with the first low-cost quad drive extruder.
Eine völlig neue Art des PC...unsichtbar...effektiv...creativ!
Die Zukunft des PCs liegt im Schreibtisch...nicht verstaubt darauf!
With this simple new accessory your pressure washer will clean better, significantly reduce cleaning time and save precious water,  ,
Low cost complete kit that uses solar+wind to end your home's fossil fuel dependence and save you money.
A real, affordable, battery recovery, maintenance and extension system for consumers and small businesses.
Engineering a tool to clean up the oceanic garbage patch gyres based on efficient and inexpensive technologies that preserve sea life.
Smart Dive Buddy is an innovative accessory that transforms your smartphone into an advanced underwater dive camera and dive computer
The Dustbender mounts to any vacuum hose and combines the power of compressed air to remove dust from almost any surface.
Our vision  is to produce and distribute the best Indestructible Solar Panel on the market today. Easy to use and install by anybody.
A solid aluminum enclosure that sinks heat for overclocker's and cloaks it with a heavy-industrial aesthetic.
lift is Bluetooth 4 powered garage door controller. Wouldn't it be cool to open your garage door with your iPhone.
Development of an easy to use, ergonomic, programmable, and versatile digital motor controller built around industry standards.
Help build the first 50 Wendell Robots.  Open design. Easy to build, change and share.  Arduino compatible.  Simple mechanics. Awesome.
A tripod mount for all iPads or tablet computers. You don’t have to take it out of the case. For kids, by kids.
All new places and ways you can use your mobile devices - tablets, phones, and e-readers.
A multi-purpose mixer/paint stirrer everyone can use easily, safe, easy to clean, no damage, mixes many products, saves time and money.
A magic wand won't shrink your utility bills but the eco-wand can. Attach it to a computer USB port & see the economy & comfort advice.
A compact addition to the Raspberry Pi giving 4 powered USB ports, power button, IR power control and more. Fits in your existing case!
A 2G GSM Shield for Arduino projects. No fees, no activation required. Get your maker project connected.
An autonomous mobile platform with a quadcopter, for roaming outdoors, powered by the solar energy, open-sourced.
I recreated the hard-to-find SP-4 SCSI adapter used in Ensoniq TS-10/12 synthesizers to allow fast access to larger sample libraries.
AquaQube, the most efficient water purification device for homes that eliminates bacteria, viruses, hormones, antibiotics, pesticides..
The Rapp It Up provides a new and innovative device that protects against identity theft and enables personal data security for all.
MileTrack GPS makes mileage tracking simple, pain-free, and fun.
The Proxmark Pro is a new version of the Proxmark3 that is optimized for untethered use in the field.
Support sustainable industry though development of OPEN specifications starting with a quality durable Garden Wagon Running Gear
A portable platform for developing your own video games. Take it anywhere, impress your friends! Uno/Mega/Esplora compatible.
The first universally adaptable 3D Printer extrusion head to provide up to 4 extruders in the same space as 2 traditional extruders.
BT15/ISO15 is now a real option utilizing real componets like it's bigger brothers.
Introducing the new SweetPea3 line for kids and seniors
A handcrafted meditation tracker blending beautiful design and biosensor technology
Laser induced bioscanner measures food, medicine, gem, most liquids/solids, even elements in human skin in non-contact way.
IOIO to Arduino Style Shield adapter. Interfaces IOIO to the Arduino world!
True cross-platform controller: PC/Mac / Android / OUYA 
and now even PS3 and Xbox360?
An Immersion computer case for the ultimate level of protection and cooling for PC's that is fully adaptable with future technology's
This device is a collapsible, portable Barbeque apparatus for home or away that can be easily assembled within three minutes.
Seamlessly incorporate an iPad Mini into the dash of your 2012+ VW Beetle.
An artistic but functional garden trellis that flowering clematis plants love, easy to install, makes deck post & fences look great!
CoCo-X is a replacement main board for a Tandy Color Computer 3. This board will give this beloved Retro Computer system new life.
Design your project or Learn FPGA, Verilog / VHDL with this powerful board encompassing Xilinx Spartan 6 with I2C, UART, SPI, LEDs
The versatile Klip attaches to glasses or a hat and provides digital, video and graphic data to help you get your job done.
Familink helps you share pictures with your elderly relatives easily thanks to a cellular (3G) frame.
A USB Battery that will outlast the life of your phone! Water-Resistant, Lightweight, Durable, High Capacity, Versatile. Made in USA
The alternative way to play sim racing video games that will not fill up all of your desktop space
This is THE sprinkler controller for a connected world: intelligent, easy to use, and cost effective. Please fund this great project!
To restore a super rare vehicle to running condition to carry disabled ex-servicemen and women as well as members of the public.
A multi-purpose, Bluetooth smartcard with NFC that can make and receive Bitcoin payments and prevents the loss of your phone.
The Via Heartbeat merges beautiful design and great engineering to create a wearable tech display for your heart rate chest strap.
Whether you're tying air filled, helium filled or water filled balloons; your fingers won't get pinched.
The Gilmo - a new standard in password security.  Keeping all of your passwords in one safe place, without any threat of being hacked.
Perfect for drones, RC, heli, aerial photography. Winner of the i3 Idea Challenge 2016 and the Tech Venture Challenge 2016 at U of S.
A patented, Do-It-Yourself, central lighting control system that uses time and sunlight to trigger lighting events.
I-POG (instant Power On the Go) . The go anywhere, off-grid power source for your tablet and phone.
A wall switch that glows, uses no electricity and can last as long as 12 to 20 years. These are costly to produce.
An innovative, low-voltage patented LED conversion kit for uninterrupted lighting.
Open DoVision - plug-and-play open-source virtual reality headset from only 99$
MOTORIZED TIE DOWN is designed to drastically cut the handling of the “old ratchet tie down” method out and safely secure the loads.
Pop on a TripleShock clip to your DS4 and get a full charge while you play, wrap your headphones, block the Move light and more.
A pressure sensitive stylus for iPad and Android tablets. Inexpensive to produce and buy, all designs and software will be open source.
The worlds first solar charger balancer that obtains up to 20 years of life for AGM batteries combined in a battery pack.
PPC is a new computer case which allow you to bring your desktop computer including a monitor where you want in one portable case.
The simple and easy way to experience full body immersion in games and virtual worlds.  You'll also have fun keeping fit!
ControLeo is based on the Arduino Leonardo.  It is a quad relay controller enclosed in a professional box.
This kit is great for those of any age who want how to learn how to program while also using and learning the scientific method.
EL futuro es eléctrico y los sistemas de gestión ultra-eficientes destinados a baterías se volverán indispensables, muy pronto...
Designed by those with autism, ONE serves as a companion and teaching tool and helps gather important autism data.
Learners and skilled professionals to share the same platform for their ideas and work. The ISED concept.
VARIUS DOCK - virtually works with all generations of iPod,iPhone,iPad and other brands like Samsung, HTC, Kindle.., Designed for You!
Get out and ride! Convert any bicycle into a high quality moped in 20-30 minutes. Get up to 150 mpg and reach speeds of 30+ mph.
Enjoy the comfort and control of a wireless mouse when you connect your favorite corded mouse to the MAST!
See the world through a different kind of glass. The Glass Shop Wall is a digital screen in your shop window made of specialized glass.
The perfect Raspberry Pi case for your living room!
The new 3D printer that embodies fun and creativity, with user friendly software and a superior printing experience.
Don't get rear-ended while cycling.  Get a bicycle brake light.  Automatic.  Smart.  It's got your back!
Simple, affordable tiny sensors that will help your plants thrive. Pre-order yours!
M2 is a prime wireless gamepad that turns your iPhone into a handheld game console. M2 also works perfectly with iPad and Apple TV.
iOn gives you cool new ways to control your environment, opens exciting design possibilities--and brings a little magic into your life.
PowerzAll is a power adapters that transforms power tool batteries into the best portable charger.
MobaBlow is the world's most accurate Bluetooth enabled Breathalyzer that can be used with both Apple iOS and Android devices.
Plug 'N' IoT - The easiest way to create your own Internet of Things.
The M2 CNC machine is designed to fill in the gap and provide many of the features only found on industrial grade machines.
Revise the keyboard from 100+ keys & QWERTY to typing with the tips of your fingers anywhere! 10keys do it all & Textskin is the start!
BioFiltro is a commercially proven bio reactor technology for the treatment of residential sewage and industrial liquid waste.
The Pharos Smart Antenna will increase the range of your 5.8 GHz data link by 2.5x to 5x.
Revolutionary Eco-friendly Cleaning products that are changing the way the world cleans by use microorganisms just apply and walk away!
An LED light to use first thing in the morning, bright white light, great for under kitchen cabinets. I found out that bugs don't like.
Cheebot is designed as a viable alternative to rapid wheeled locomotion in rough terrain by replicating the efficient structure of a real cheetah.
Easily lock out your internet via a switch or key based mechanical disconnect. 100% protection against system intrusions when activated
Power & High Spec @Half the cost, Crowdfunded. 
$849 FREE Ship.
The Worlds Most Affordable Folding eBike.
Your Ride, Others Envy.
PartyTime is a small portable box that turns audio into light! Plug in your favorite audio source and watch the lights dance! :D
Extend your Growing Season with a Gardening Hot Cap, Interlocking Steel Frame with 3.5mil Polyethylene Canopy, Stores in 26x10x4 Box
TRASH BUDDY - Finally a product that will help keep your trash where it belongs.
The Robogaia 2D Robotic Obstacle is a tool that allows your robot to determine the distance to obstacles  and walls and to avoid them.
The MylaBox is an Arduino-compatible hardware development system that runs on Android.
This bar allows the rider to stand straight up on their bike alleviating neck and lower back strain.
Does your Mega2560 project need more than the 8k ram in the Arduino processor? With Memory Panes, your project can now use 1MB!
The CAT plasma thruster will propel a 5kg satellite into deep space, far beyond Earth orbit, at 1/1000th the cost of previous missions.
MAXrotor: Advanced open-source quadcopter. Innovative wire-free motherboard. Easy to build, repair, & upgrade.
Digital Walking Cane: A hand held range sensor for the blind which connects to your iPhone measuring distances to objects.
Capable and novel delta 3D printer. Designed to be simple in construction, yet effective in functionality.
IN-18 Nixie Tube Clock, retro technology in a modern design.
A new jukebox for a new era. Unlock your speakers and allow multiple device to connect to a single stereo.
The GoCaddy is a portable personal hybrid vehicle that quickly converts from an electric scooter to a single-rider golf cart.
The world’s first tablet based, unobtrusive, extendable, wireless model train speedometer. Start your engines!
The ECOSHAH uses the sun to heat and air condition your home.  The design could also eventually be used to heat and cool water.
Innovative Bluetooth Smart bicycle wheel sensor 360 times more accurate than any cycling sensor on the market.
Sandex's Multi Utility Glove enables your hand to become a multi tool with attachments of sand paper, sponge, steel wool
We have redesigned and patented the internal mechanism of the riser recline chair and need help to progress with clever upholstery.
A programmable modular wifi reef controller system designed around the Arduino for custom control and functionality.
This is a system for use in securing various loads to a wide variety of platforms from ATV cargo racks to Class 8 commercial flatbeds.
Vi jobber for at små batterier skal vare like lenge som store. Vi har utviklet Evivar, som gjør nettopp det.
City Windmills has designed a stand-alone small lighting unit, powered by a silent and efficient wind turbine.
A solution to an everyday problem!  Light up the Rear! is what we need to connect electronics effortlessly!
No more dirty water on your clean clothes just because you are in a wheel chair. Detachable mud flaps for wheel chairs.
Innovative stereo rigs & mounting - easily switch between portrait or landscape mode - simultaneous control in interaxial & convergence
The CarSkreen displays a smartphone users favorite navigation and media apps on a 7 inch screen within the driver's sight-line.
Water activated 3mm LED light used to attach to any lure to attract fish.
DuoScreen re-envisions your standard desk environment by providing the most advanced second screen for your laptop.
This is the consummate solution to the age old problem of setting the height, (or length), of any kind of adjusting stand or tripod.
Get the edge over your competition with Tesseract: a new, immersive and revolutionary multi-axis gaming controller.
A reverse trike (three-wheeled motorcycle) that provides transportation for two and is eco-friendly and fun to drive
The Ultimate Home/Hobby VFD
"Digital Dementia" is a world wide problem. Long term storage via digital systems is not a solution. But we have the final solution!
NavDive is a product that uses GPS technology to allow divers to navigate underwater
TESS transfers heat more efficiently and quieter than any other cooling system and needs no maintenance. Also converts excess heat into electricity!
A cute dimmable LED USB PC Light in vivid red bear shape with trendy touch switch on a thin PCB.  Perfect for night study and camping.
A no-shake, air-tight squeeze bottle that keeps liquids fresh and always neatly pressed to the top of the bottle.
SHADE-MAX improves YOUR solar shade efficiency up to 28%, lowers electric bills, helps the environment . . . Simply Cooler!
The Litebrush is THE affordable easy to use light painting tool for everyone.
The creation of an open source CNC router designed specifically for rough cut wood slabs.
Light'em Up is the closest thing a Quarterback has to a flight simulator and it is the only one of its kind.
CIBUS food manager, complete management of your spending with your smartphone.
for a more sustainable world.
GreeNanny can handle up to 10 houseplants and takes into account every plant's water needs
A digital training Katana (Bokken) that is able to track motion in real time on a wirelessly connected PC. Zombie Apocalypse Certified!
The most versatile electric bike ever offered on the market. From teenager to veteran. From cruising to racing. For endless fun.
KOMODO Technologies has developed the world's first GPS Ecosystem. Welcome to the worry-free lifestyle!
The Bison Oleander Time Machine has arrived! The prototype is built and now with your help, we can put the Time Machine on shelves nationwide!
We offer to made the Smart interactive ironing system, for EU 
market. Excellent ironing result, more free time, positive emotions!
Advanced GPS based car locator and parking-ticket protector
A highly fluorinated paraffin wax for making skis (and boards) ridiculously fast.
Take control of your privacy with Project Shotblock, a stylish, non-intrusive device to protect you from unwanted webcam snoopers.
Be the first to own this complete scoring system for virtually all species of North American Big Game.
Created by hunters for hunters.
We've built an open-source radio module and want to get FCC certification so anyone can use and reprogram it.
A single click brings you online anywhere in the world. No roaming and no more frustrations - access at all times.
We are a small family business and we have invented the world's greatest barbecue
ITIC is raising Kickstarter funds to update world's lowest priced USB 2.0 LS/FS/HS Protocol Analyzer with new advanced features!
I am making custom shaped and built snowboards. In a similar manner to a surfboard company. These are for powder surfing.
A unique looking Low Cost portable Guitar Amplifier.  Light weight design and carry loop allows you to play guitar or music on the go.
With our custom kit, you will have all the parts you need to assemble your own fully-functional laser cutter!
Slow cooker with a built in, space age, refrigeration unit and a timer. Food in the night before, ready at dinner time the next day.
Eco Bee Box developed system to extract honey without costly annual extracting equipment.  Simple and profitable, cheaper for apiarist.
Power Knot converts food waste into water saving substantial money on waste removal costs and greatly reducing your carbon footprint.
tiq - see what's happening inside your Arduino, RasPi, robot or 3D printer - no settings, just probe and tiq tells you - automatically!
Evolve Computers is the only laptop in the world to allow you upgrade and keep your laptop indefinitely.
Share your internet connection with your neighbors and customers and earn money with it.
Solar Stripes, a Combined Heat and Power solar energy system specifically designed for the home.
Network development board Arduino Compatible+ WiFi+Ethernet , it is complete router that’s can speaks to any MCU with complete network.
Live Nature surround sound and stereo streams captured from around the world then distributed world wide via a central streaming server
Using the most powerful & most efficient LED technology currently available, we have created the ZenMatrix 540 COB LED Grow Light.
Cubes made from two-way mirrors for creating models, forests, and galaxies that seem to go on forever!
This is a "MUST HAVE" emergency survival piece that could save your life or the life of a loved one. BE BETTER PREPARED TODAY!
Getting a revolutionary new toy design into open source production, and using the design to create the worlds longest marble run.
Help the environment by helping us make these Battery Repair and Maintenance tools available to people all over the world!
From functional model to series maturity! Mechanically operated wheelchair using patented technology, the hands are no longer needed.
Easy-to-assemble hexapod kit & controller that enables servos to also act as sensors. Now legs & grippers can set/check applied force!
Optical Tracking, LED lighting, Comfort and speed. All of this help to make a professional gaming mouse that you can depend on.
The hackable friendly Linux tablet with internal space for self engineering and a Raspberry Pi heart. Use it anywhere – it’s up to you!
Affordable professional timecode slate to synchronize your cinema cameras and sound recorders.
An Open Source, Bluetooth Alcohol Detector Accessory for Android Phones. For Entertainment Use Only.
Strap this water-resistant solar panel and battery to backpacks or mount it to tripods for camping, hiking, and cycling. MADE IN USA
Need some light while fishing in low light or the dark? Don't want to wear a hat light? Need a extra pair of hands? (Patent pending!!)
Allows you to use an HD projector wherever you take your laptop!
Wiggly is a patent pending, modular 3 axis stabilization system for shooting with iPhone, GoPro and other compact cameras.
Decentralized renewable energy for the world.
An Arduino Pro Mini on steroids! Full-featured, and built to be Arduino compatible using a midrange AVR.
I was born and raised in Colorado, am currently working towards a ME degree, and want to help the spread of Open Source 3D Printing
Say hello to Gyzmo! The wireless remote control that gives you the ability to do awesome things, one of which could be saving a life.
Our USB technology SECURELY erases all of your data and loads educational content that teaches up to 3,000 kids in developing countries
The Scrubber: The only fast and easy solution to clean dirty wheelchair wheels (dirt/sand/mud/poop/etc.). No more dirt marks indoors!
Project Sierra is a global network with a consumer grade network encryption device, enabling you to use the internet anonymously.
The Wall Garden is Living Art; utilizing Aeroponics technology to grow plants from seed to harvest right on your wall.
A portable media device that works at home & on the road. Make ALL your media content portable for easy sharing with family & friends.
SNAPJAW is an electronic display installed on your car that lets you change the message as often as you like using your mobile phone!
Gives older adults greater independence and confidence to live at home longer with an ongoing daily activity connection.
Download, design, customize and print real physical objects from the comfort of your home, office or evil lair!
Named after Pop Up restaurants, this is Pop Up Arcade, anywhere there's an HDTV there can be a complete and total arcade experience!
TREAD PAD: Versatile workout device measuring users’ physical activity & tracking performance over time for various exercise routines
Made in the USA. Godzilla Skins are Military-Grade Polyurethane Screen Protectors, made to last the lifetime of your device.
A WiFi-based interface for Makers that allows you to control your device from your Smartphone, iPod, iPad or PC.
Roving Blue: an advanced, portable, professional water purification system. With it, you can drink water from any river lake or stream!
The Start n'grill Lights directly without adding external or internal flame or fire lighters. Lights in less than a minute.
iStand USB-C Smart Hub & Magnetic Super Charge for iPhone, iWatch & New MacBook - Sync & Charge All Apple Devices Also for Android & PC
Artificial light undermines the night ecology. The EcoLight cuts glare, light trespass and blue light, while helping us see at night.
Let us know what you like -and what you don't- about Bedscales at www.bedscales.co and sign up for the next announcement ...
Wireless speaker-mic that turns your smartphone into a Walkie-Talkie 2-Way Radio with your free Zello or other Push-to-Talk app.
Back to the future: the next generation telephone, a CES Award Winner.
World’s 1st quad core Android based smart telephone and beyond.
A wireless sensor and notification service that lasts a decade and tracks events in your home.
UniGrip Pro is a high quality powder coated steel smartphone mount with a Lifetime Replacement Warranty delivered by Christmas
MDP is the new Device/App smart tracking product that monitors, issues alert, and tracks car/drone/bike/child, while protecting privacy
XDev is a hobby electronics board designed to address the shortcomings of the Arduino.
HAARPP will leverage the open source power of Arduino and Raspberry Pi to create a fully trackable and reusable high-altitude payload.
Your Compost Grows Local Food and Creates Local Jobs.  Help social reintegration and local urban farming to grow a healthy living.
Be visible. Be in control. Be safe.
Our turn indicator tracks the movements of your head and flashes the left or right lights for you
This is the last development board you'll ever need!
SeePort designed the first stand alone video phone with one touch instant connect to make live video calls easy for the whole family.
Wi-Fi hub equipment creating a public access chat room restricted to users within the Wi-Fi hotspot. Hub does not need internet access.
Totable Weather Engagement and Enhancement Technology, T.W.E.E.T., is a microchip weather station that can be built into mobile-devices
A MIDI controller that emulates the look and feel of classic analog rotary DJ mixers.
Fo̱s is the world's first truly wearable, affordable LED display system. Stay visible, be creative, made in San Francisco.
A portable, re-usable beverage dispenser capable of storing and pouring your beverage under constant and adjustable CO2 pressure.
Boost your productivity with environmentally friendly BioGreenPCs. Perform 6 times faster, and save up to 80% on electricity!
Feature rich embedded motherboard for use with the Raspberry Pi Compute Module, designed for Industrial IoT applications.
Ok, it sounds weird because it is. It has to do with jukebox volume control mainly, so read the full description and you'll understand.
Cool new home lift
Breakout board for the AD8495 K type thermocouple amplifier
Can be used for Robotics, Iot with "Arduino Mega", Motor Drivers, RTC, Temp, IR Sensors, IMU & 2 Cell 7.4 V Li-ion Battery Charger.
Our goal is to design and manufacture a solar car capable of competing at the 2014 American Solar Challenge, a 1700+ mile race.
FrankenDrone USV is a modular and affordable approach to building flexible unmanned surface vehicles for work or play.
I-Ball is a remotely controlled cubical stoplight to signal visitors if you are busy or available. It is the 1st gen. of future ECDs
Stream any audio source to your iOS or Android smartphone. Use any headphones to watch TV or listen to music without disturbing others.
Pants is a colorful acrylic and neoprene case for your Makey Makey.  No more naked Makeys, put on some Pants!
A big wall mounted touch tablet will be a great addition to your workplace with thousands of community apps or make your own!
berlin1000 MobileDock with Power Supply for MacBook charges your MacBook, your mobile devices and is a Dock with Ethernet, USB and HDMI
Universal Ergonomic Extension Arm for Tablets and eReaders
Fully portable, compact and mountable tablet holder rotates 360º
Open Hi-Fi is an open-source, DIY stereo amplifier kit featuring a touch screen LCD interface, Bluetooth connectivity and more
Wireless charging solutions for iPhone, including MFi Case, Qi Wireless Pad and car charger.
MAUZ is a smartphone enabled pointing device that allows you to control computers around you using your phone, gestures and visual cues
The Screamin' Dolly is a classic TS style overdrive with great tone, yet with big improvements, named after Dolly the cloned sheep.
The EZ/AC system allows for the home-owner to simply install any size a/c unit without struggling or risk of dropping the unit.
Hand tools that Amplify Force and Reduce Stress on Hands. Makes any job easy!!! Muscle or joint problems??? No more!!!
RIP-IT has created the world's first smartBAT, giving you real time data, swing speed, and contact analytics on each swing.
The Kameleon is an easy-to-install, encryption device that allows everyone to access the internet anonymously & protect their data.
Odors Remover, Electronic Air Freshener
Travel USB Charging Case with built-in Sim Card Organizer. Leave your smart phone and tablet power adapters at home!
Advanced design, saves you money, saves energy & pollution, lasts longer, works completely off grid....  is the future of water heating
Help fund our Bluetooth 4.0 Module and get yourself a Barman!  Arduino compatible! iPhone/Android app available!
A new concept to secure patio umbrellas with a strong, non-tilt hold,  Creating more space for business and home patios
Help me build my computer and fund my YouTube Gamer Streaming Channel. Join the Ovrpants Empyre!
Battery Backup Power, Inc. has designed a portable, light weight, long life, pure sine wave lithium battery backup for the US market.
The best darn phone case EVER! It's been designed, tested & works better than any other dash/windshield mount system!
Functional design and precision-engineering makes our remotely controllable iOS and Android Smart Dock great for monitoring.
DesQ. No more tangled cables. No more mess. No more crawling under your desk.
Control your home naturally, using voice control. You talk to it, it talks to you. Together you can do some amazing things.
Freakvibe: the first Near Field Portable 2.1 Music Docking Station in the World. Works with all smartphones. Supports Wireless Charging
Easily support & carry paint,stain ANY 1 gallon cans on this light weight easy to use Free standing telescoping paint can stand!
With PAO, you can walk, run, jump and crouch in the game. And you can use it with PC, Android, and other platform.
Omega Mix innovative project to reduce everything you need into one - only one - device.
TVBOX - Speaker & Mic Bluetooth - SlotHd Drive
Using a PAR30 spotlight platform, we created a selection of sophisticated and powerful LED grow lights... ParBurst™.
Worlds air working for you, with you! What are three of the worlds most valuable resources?; Water, Solar energy and Air. Integrated.
We will convert 3 used cars to run on compressed air, HHO & electricity for demonstration. We'll document the process for instruction.
A system which separates the heat from the poison and redirect the discarded heat which escapes up the chimney back to your house.
Developed technology enables to reduce additional energy sources to operate recycling process.
Say, "Hello, World"... Telepathically. 

Telepathy X promises to be the World's first publicly disclosed Telepathic Phone Network...
Illuminate your work area with the incredible light able screwdriver and eliminate the use of a flashlight.
The Scanwave is a programmable microwave that scans the barcode on your product to set the power level and time automatically.
A patented, compact, nearly-indestructable lighted tool driver built around an LED light source to focus light on the work area.
L'équipement connectée permet d'individualisé les données personnel de chaque participant, nous l'intégrons dans les règlements du jeu.
Ever wanted to leave your laptop home. but needed to create or edit documents on your way to a meeting?
Control your home from the Internet via the photon particle
The patented Therapy Grip handles are an amazing tool for Orthopedic Surgeons and Physical Therapists
A start on the research to develop the fully new technology of immersive or full dive virtual reality.
Everything getting smaller – we make it bigger again! ForMe MP1 with big and few buttons and controller for an easy use!
The easiest, best equipped portable power system ever. Advanced Tech, Lightweight Components, AC/DC/USB power - an Emergency must have!
Infrasound energy is abundant and FREE.  Harnessed this can  provide a free, clean power source for the future.
The EZ Walk-No Tug Training System is a US Patented leash to collar coupler that self corrects unwanted tugging behavior by your dog.
SLEEK, QUIET, and INEXPENSIVE air purifier that is integrated into home air registers.
Control your air and protect your loved ones health. Combined apps & smart box to assess indoor and outdoor air quality and pollution.
trying to start a small custom building PC company that specialises in watercooling but need a camera and basic parts and website
A revolutionary product that turns the humidity in the air, a renewable and sustainable resource, into clean great tasting water!
This waters your flowers when you’re home or away, and connects to the internet via WiFi to let you know that everything is okay.
Modular earbuds that deliver high performance and reduce electronic waste
Skullplax is the most unique and beautiful european mounting system to date. Let us display your hunting trophies.
Kindle e-readers are great for older people but the buttons are awkward. We tried our prototype at a local hospital they all want one
The ultimate replacement for portable, cloud & backup media storage in a practical, compact, stylish, water & impact resistant design.
SK Dryer III was originally designed to dry ski boots, but it can also be used for drying many different types of sports gear.
Making smartphones accessible for people who cannot use the touch screen or cope with the complexities of a smartphone
Meet Qhome, the next-generation Smart Home Solution. It is complete, easy to use, and super smart! Learn more @ www.quatanium.com
The TEK-LITE is the "future of the flashlight".  It is an adjustable, completely *HANDS-FREE* flashlight that fits on your forearm.
Expand the materials you can 3D Print with!  Our new RoVaPaste 3D Printer can print any paste/food! Starting at only $899 CAD!!
An all enclosed device to learn the basics of Robotics, Arduino, Sensors, and DC Motor control.
Control CleverLight with your existing Wi-Fi and Smartphone or Apple Watch. Direct Control of each CleverLight - No hub required.
Melody-G is a wireless acoustic guitar pickup system that is compact, solid and powerful . It streams two channels from your guitar.
Stubilizers are the world's first GoPro mount compatible, actively stabilizing devices for the GoPro range of cameras.
Do you consider sitting your iPad or tablet down or leaving it behind to free up your hands. Keeping your tablet with you is now easy.
Protect your lap and your laptop.
The Sentinel is a travel mug with an integrated digital thermometer that monitors your drink, bringing an end to burnt tongues.
The last cable you'll ever need.
Supercomputer to help scientist study alzheimer's, huntington's, Parkinson, and many cancers.
Gives Parents one less thing to worry about - Smart, Safe Screen Time for Your Kids, so they grow up happy.  As easy as A-B-C.
The simple and inexpensive power savings solution has arrived. Go off grid by using solar energy with your home, cabin, camp, RV, boat!
Makey Shell is a colorful acrylic and neoprene case to keep your Makey Makey safe and clean.  
Fits versions 1.2, 1.1, or 1.0.
The must have adapter for MacBook 2015. Two traditional USB-A receptacles. Aluminum body, original colors.
For paranormal researchers to obtain data that can assist in explaining the composition of a "ghost" and manifestation process.
Bindio is a bike parking stand with a built-in chain, sensors, and electronic lock that you control with your phone.
.
New gadget protecting any PC against dangerous programs coming from USB keys or protecting any USB key against a PC infected by virus.
No more cloud, no more fallible encryption. With the external unit dedicated to ciphering, your communications can finally be safe.
Looking for a fun and interactive way to lose weight? Do you like Video Games? Look no further!
i-voltmeter is a new, $40.00, open source, open app, voltmeter that transmits via Bluetooth wireless to cell phones, computers and pads
BotSpot is an open-source hardware and software robotic painting platform that transcribes digital art into unique art pieces.
Control and automate heating/AC at your home from the Internet using multiple Internet connected wireless sensors.
The Best Robot Lawnmower - just switch it on and go have a cool beer!   And it easily transforms into a snow plow for the winter!
Zcapture - 360° product photography hardware with powerful processing software.
A Wireless Stereo Bluetooth Speaker shaped to you. Plus sync multiple devices to it at the same time!
Brease turns your external drives into cloud storage and makes them accessible on all your devices, from anywhere.
The Fastest, Most Integrated Development Board on the Planet! Everything you ever wanted in an All-In-One DIY Package
Simultaneously use Facebook & Facetime, Netflix & Email, or Youtube & Games. The m][3 mounts everything together for you in one place.
The open source L5 3D printer has unique features that make it affordable and easy to use without sacrificing quality and style.
A mobile space science adventure laboratory designed to immerse students of all ages in the fundamentals of astronaut training.
This is a solid state technology that removes minerals, bacteria and pollutants  using 18 watts dc power. Portable, solar power option
nan
A crowdsourcing project to purchase materials for research about common factors in movement arts, meditation, and flow states.
Hello. I'm currently working my way through college and need help getting a laptop to develop games on.
I am looking to prototype "The Gaming Pickle" and I need your help in the early design phase.
Tired of sinking in the ground, Not with our Patio Pads
Viperswiper™ is a no hassle, easy to attach wiper, designed to keep your side window view clear every time you roll up your window.
New physics hypothesis has proof of concept in functional prototype for production of extended-range Wifi USB antenna for MAC or PC.
50% extra battery, 2X faster charging and always there when you need it. Available for iPhone and Android
Provides solutions for low-cost, high-volume compressed air production for highly efficient and effective spot cooling In data centers.
GNSS RTK Box is a high performance and low power consumption for affordable RTK positioning device
Instant alerts when a loved one is in or close to an emergency, nearby Samaritans notified to help, everyone instantly communicating
Everything is on MicroSD (O.S., user preferences, apps) so one HardWhere can support infinite users with MAX privacy!With Cloud and BLE
This project has been cancelled on Kickstarter - follow us on iD2me.com
Secure Plug creates a greater resistance before a plug & socket becomes disconnected & can be adapted to any plug type worldwide
A sleek sturdy solar bluetooth 4.0 case for your iPhone that adds serious gaming controls.
Drip-less fuel dispenser: Saving Earth...one drop at a time.
A Great Outdoor Idea
The Hybox is a beverage power generator that generates power instantly, and charges your device no matter day or night, rain or shine.
"If you like to watch movies, videos, or television in bed on your tablet or cell phone, then this device is for you!"
The Affirmations Mirror is a real life “mirror, mirror on the wall” that plays custom messages to help you realize your dreams.
June Sky is now moving on to higher altitudes, with the upcoming HAT, or High Altitude Testing, weather balloon project.
A complete battery powered Arduino solution with 3.3V power supply, battery monitoring and two high powered 20V 6.3A MOSFET's on board
Creates a very irritating environment that all wildlife instinctively avoids in the air, on the ground, and below ground.
We're hitting the marketplace with 2 powerbanks, a set of earbuds, and a 2-in-1 charging cable. All products are originally designed!
An awesome Arduino compatible wireless Xbee controller with force feedback! Great for all of your RC projects like drones, cars and fpv
Showcase. Track. Retain. Connect.
With your Martial Arts and Kickboxing Students
Make your workout routines less boring on this gym-machine that translates arm- & leg movements to commands in your favorite videogames
The software works already but on proprietary hardware. Just need to make it work on non-proprietary devices.
Easily connect your 5V devices to the Raspberry Pi Model B using this card.
A simple device for use by anyone to take accurate vital sign readings in seconds and display them on any mobile device.
Patented,2013- 8,425,179 Building manual copyright 2012 Adaptable turbine engine, runs on steam, air, gas, water or in combination.
TRIAT (Tiny Researcher In A Tube) uses open source software and hardware for a long-life research grade GPS data logger.
Le routeur révolutionnaire qui permet de gérer son signal Wi-Fi
Revolutionary Wi-Fi router providing users with signal power control
Getting Weston Cycles back on the air.
Nextand is a simple, elegant wireless charging stand for home or office. Put your Nexus 7 to work while it charges!
Make your phone smarter and more comfortable with ViKC, the laser keyboard integrated in a smartphone case.
LINC:  Connect to the world around you. An open, expandable sensor platform that links to your mobile device. Explore, Share & Learn
Make amazing craft beer at home with ease. Share recipes across the world and cook delicious sous vide.
This project is the development of a MSP430Fx5xx and x6xx microcontroller USB development board.
Manufacture & further develop a design for a light weight, robust wheelchair for export & use by disabled Vietnamese people.
Easily and quickly connect devices and sensors to the Beaglebone.
Form, meet function: Uncompromising protection for your mobile device.
Reduce Electric Bill for Your Pool 75% & keep your pool clean Reduce your bill of $125.00 a month to $15.00 a month with a better pump
UK Built CNC Milling machine for etching, milling, engraving, cutting of materials like Aluminium, Stone, Wood and Plastics.
Flybridge PowerDock turns your existing Apple charger into a Lightning/30Pin dock and cable manager for all Apple iPhone, iPod & iPads.
Enthusiast-grade component support, minimalist design, and robust build quality, in a desktop you'll actually want to put on your desk.
BE-Alert is a Bluetooth based device which will trigger an alarm on the tag and phone right at the moment, when you leave it behind
RoomCentral is bluetooth controller which schedules heaters/coolers to be turned on or off  based on the remote measured temperature.
Get an SMS Text message to return to the Kitchen if you left the stove on, or remotely monitor your stove or an elderly Parent's stove.
Nowadays many digital locks are introduced, maybe too many to pick. There should be just one amazing product to do the job.
Trying to build a mobile communications command center in either a large enclosed trailer or retired command vehicle.
Presented here as a model RC toy, this low cost platform can carry a feedback camera for firemen, police and the military.
A truly slim wireless charging case for iPhone 6 & the ultimate wireless charging dock for Qi-compatible smartphones & small tablets.
IDAP-Link more than just low cost that hacking of dev kits to reuse the builtin JTag no longer make sense
New low-watt guitar amplifiers available from WhiteBox Engineering. Spartan has 25/18 watt output, 2 channels with independent EQ.
Save energy and make your batteries last longer with the SmartStrip, the intelligent USB power management system.
RATtrap is a simple and elegant but highly effective security device that protects users' smart devices from threats on the internet.
Hybrid manufacturing is finally here.
Connectere is a personal device devoted to delivering a simple, secure and private solution to connecting to your home network.
Shredrbot: Plastic Reduction and recycling system. Reduce various forms of plastic and fed through an attached extruder or recycled.
Midnight Maker is a website that helps hardware engineers and makers create, organize and share their stuff.
HighLight is changing the holiday lighting experience with an easy to setup and simple to customize design to light your home exterior.
Make your party ROCK with LED party lights!  Lights pulse to your music.  Cheap, easy and totally awesome.  Starting at just $25.
Tomorrows water meter that easily attaches to the variety of pipes in your house. Relays valuable data via bluetooth to your phone.
Portable device that remixes music in real-time based on your tricks, turns, and spins! BE THE BEAT.™
Never have a dirty screen again! Conveniently have the cleaning solution in the UltraCleanCase and clean the iPad anywhere, anytime!
Engadget acclaimed temperature, pressure, and humidity sensing platform helps protect your wine cellar, summer home, and more!
Elegant, Low Cost, Modular Linear Motion Kit for CNC machines of all sorts - gantry or delta. 3D printers, Camera Slides...
Redefine combines the traditional computer case with a computer desk in a compact, yet attractive design.
A Natural,Funky,Ethical,Ecological and Awesome sounding way to listen to your favourite music on the go!
Solar-Trak GPS will track your runaway pet on an iPhone / Android App, and with solar power, the battery automatically charges!
LazerAid is a visual evacuation guidance system that bridges the gap from room to stairwell in a fire situation.
Suntrunks are completely Self-Contained 
Portable Solar Electric Power Systems for
Remote or Emergency Power Needs
X-Loc is an Amazing Magnetic locking system for your Cellphone and mobile devices
WARIOWEATHER provides information about weather. It controls equipment according to conditions and includes many more unique features.
Revolutionary, Easy-to-use and One-to-many BLE (Bluetooth Low Energy) Bridge for Arduino
A USB charger that uses your standard household water supply to constantly charge electronic devices without the need for electricity.
This Innovative Board for counting exercises in Kettlebell lifting. It will help you achieve the best results!
We believe that people should have the means to enforce their right to privacy. Cloak anonymises your internet connection with Tor.
We designed a machine for the future that will revolutionize the concrete troweling business
Firefly - the next social phenomenon - connects people with common interests and hobbies through their cell phone
The driver is the best vehicle safety feature. Our technology makes America's roads safer by engaging the human factor.
CloudSIM, an open source platform, provides access to your cloud connected SIM card from your smart-device; create new services.
We're putting real tech into skateboarding! Our carbon composite board will change skating forever and we want you to be a part of it!
Electric Skateboard with 25+ mile Range, for $699.
Li-USB is an open source PIC32® chipKIT™ board.
Arduino™ compatible form-factor, pin-out, and development tools.
Long range, smart phone controlled conversion kit that anyone can safely and easily install on any bicycle without losing functionality
Driving the WS281x programmable pixels made easy, using a Raspberry Pi or the processor board of your choice!
Uberwatcher is a baby monitor that works everywhere with your Smartphone; the home, the car, camping (even with no cell signal).
The Chomp is an open-source MIDI controller for creative music projects.  It's a powerful piece of hardware with design in mind.
Fast roadworthy 3 wheel single seat sporting eco-transport--simple materials and donor parts-- prototype kit for DIY builders
Xcope is immersive virtual reality, augmented reality, movies, games and more.  If it's on your smartphone, it's on Xcope.
Next generation smart home system based on accurate indoor positioning data that does not require you to carry any device.
The DuinoReactor is a 3-in-1 programmer. It has USB to serial, an Arduino ISP with ICSP header, and an onboard programmer for ATtiny
Hard working hands deserve a little love. Picking up a tool bucket is part of the job but it shouldn't be painful. I've got the answer.
A personal universal clamp on shade devise that will move in any direction to get out of the harmful Suns rays. Folds up easy to store.
Just what you asked for.
The Beer Machine uses your fingerprint to access beer in the fridge. The Beer Machine counts the beer you and your friends drink.
A Musical Light Suit that creates music on the fly depending on how you move in it, and lights up with electro-luminescence.
Patent Pending Bubbling Fire and water.. Fire burning on top of water for your warming outdoor entertainment feature on your back patio
NEO provides you with the freedom to customize the shell of your smartphone while providing high-quality tech in its CORE.
Photoboop turns your camera into a photo booth (and more).
The first energy monitor that works with natural gas, propane and oil home heating systems. No professional installation required.
Learns your routines, then automates colors and brightness levels. Designed for Philips Hue. Energy savings for any dimmable bulb.
World's first mobile phone charger that switches automatically off when you unplug your phone - and back on, when you reattach it!
Our controller will allow us to build small wind turbines and connect to the grid. Our target market are farmers and ranchers.
Educating children living in less-advantaged communities about Internet Technology and Web Development
Arduino compatible. Lighter, Smaller, and Cheaper.  Standalone Mega2560 board.
Return production to American soil of the original ATCOA Straightline Long Shoe Air Sander with 3000 machines produced.
Help me convert a shipping container into an off-grid house, and get a step-by-step guide to make your own.
VFE Pedals is updating its versatile Enterprise phaser pedal, and with it giving an advance preview of several other effects pedals.
Designed for the open road and narrow storage space, the Jetty is the perfectly adaptable transporter; but we want to make it better!
Adventure has its risks, water shouldn't be one of them. You can now have the same clean drinking water on the go, as you have at home.
Used cigarette machine recycled to distribute art and crafts
The best compact, high brightness, long battery life LED flashlight in the industry in a durable aluminum housing.
An all-aluminium Raspberry Pi case designed to work as a giant passive Heatsink for controlling the CPU and the LAN chip temperatures.
Save energy and have a more comfortable home. Warmie intelligently manages your storage heaters, with no complicated installation!
Windows all styles transparent solar glass produce electricity eliminate glare to self power buildings WW. Advertise to tell the world
Evolving and improving on the original RPi, our STB and HDMI Stick designs have the extra features needed for the perfect media centre.
skujou cruise is the smartest way to get around your city. No stress. No sweat.
Mid 60's-90's Rolls Royce & Bentley cars are finally affordable. Parts are not. Lower cost cars used the same parts. Help us find them.
My goal is to turn the workstation into a work of art. I want to make available to everyone a computer designed to inspire awe.
Sedgwick - The portable and affordable 3D DLP printer
We are 2 chemistry students with a passion for anything fast, hot and explosive, looking for a funding for our DIY science projects.
We have created a working prototype smart ceiling rose that is app controlled, packed with other sensors that could save 20% energy.
Programmable keypad USB 12 touch keys
SAFE and FAST USB charging on-the-go!!! Protect yourself against Identity Theft, and USB Hacks, Active Charge Only USB Adapter.
The next generation computer, gaming console and media center that is low cost, green, powerful and portable - with a familiar desktop.
Easiest way to hold your utensil onto your plate while walking, standing at a party or just eating on the couch!
Converts a complex Satellite or Cable TV remote into a simple, easy to use 5 function tool.  Ideal for seniors or young children.
Meet Evolution: THE WORLD’S FIRST PREMIUM, WIRELESS (CORDLESS), RECHARGEABLE, MICRO-AIR CLEANING, ULTRA QUIET HAIRDRYER (blow dryer)
A sun tan may look good, but at what cost? 1 out of 8 people will have some form of skin cancer. You need a personal shade device.
Age Old Practice Made New:
The secure, comfortable method for parents to transport their little ones, atop their shoulders.
I'm going to build a Hackintosh so i can learn how to make them for the public for cost only, no labor!
put on the glove. tape around the lens
Apply the restoration agent with provided towels, let 24her.
you done
Now you can make or receive calls during surgery!           


"Hey is that purple thing important?"
.It gives the best reliable/durable and safety for young world bikers
Now a shovel can move and work with the human body; extending the reach with less bending and less effort.
Bunty Power's Back up power will last 286 hours or more.
This is an innovated way to lever a post and beam home/camp. I'm looking for funding to help production and manufacturing cost.
An acoustic amplifier for your iPhone, will amplify either your iPhone 4, 4S, 5 or 5C. miPhone Amp1(smaller) and miPhone Amp2 (larger)
The UltraPi is a portable supercomputing cluster.  Powered by Raspberry Pi 2!  Hackable, in chrome!
Never have a loved one drive under the influence again with iDrank, the wireless breathalyzer for android smartphones!
We build smart, personal light fixtures that bring the sun's energizing rays to work...making us happier, healthier & more productive!
If your best friend and assistant were a box, it would be this wooden, white box when it ships this December.
The Guardian is a wireless router with a powerful and easy to use management app. Together they form something truly unique.
A mobile space science adventure laboratory designed to immerse people of all ages in the fundamentals of astronaut training.
Domobec is a company with a 9 years experience in home and commercial automation. We developped a switch prototype. Watch our videos !
I aim to create an entirely handmade wooden box mod, that has Japanese-styled custom engravings by prominent tattoo artists.
Phone Frame is the solution to the growing epidemic of texting while driving. It gets to the heart of the issue. It saves lives.
The only system you'll ever need to grow at home your own healthy and safe veggies and herbs wherever you are!
First and ONLY keyboard with an App Store, Touch-keyboard hybrid 
Wingz board with Android Apps, texting, drawing, email, eInk, ergo
Taking the frustration out of using a hose/cable reel. No worry 15 year warranty. No bending and one continuous length of hose/cable
A really cool bus that will bring the Internet to the farthest reaches of rural New York!
I am opening a Wellness Center with two Sensory Deprivation Tanks located in Richland, WA. Thank you for your consideration:-)
This device is a micro point of use Hydro Electric Generator that will produce the required power to operate and charge USB devices.
Rest-A-Desk's patented, fully-reclinable all-in-one computer workstation adjusts to the ideal pain-free position at work or home.
Continuous, Renewable, Resilient, 100% Clean (Zero Emissions  or Impact) Electricity for House or Building Anywhere. Controlled by You.
SmartWATCH precisely measures the frequency of a Bulova Accutron watch to 6 significant digits. 10 times more precise than competition!
Design, Mold production and initial production of keyboards to be used for mobile public safety and industrial applications
Caiman offers a product suite that seamlessly enhances and compliments your favorite mobile devices
Droidalyzer is an open source, Bluetooth alcohol detector accessory for Android Phones which doubles as an Android HW development kit
TRIMTIGHTS helps you Trim Right. When your plants are sticky, they make your trimming less tricky.
Intelliplugs are powerline ethernet electrical outlets that provide monitoring and management for anything plugged into that outlet.
Air & Hydro Generator proving clean green energy wherever it's needed, unlike anything currently on the market.
Growphone  provides cost-effective Light,Temp,Water and CO2 monitoring for greenhouse and controlled environment growers.
TenniScore - portable scoreboard and wrist band used to score tennis matches. Market is 60M+ players.
This is a project of homebuild semifinished submarine that i want to promote and get your help to finish.
Let the air you breathe get its pureness back again!
Combin®. The clever solution of collecting hazardous, medical and organic waste. Avoids moisture, malodour, vermin and pathogens.
X-Wing  clone in case the "Death Star" KickStarter project goes viral and they actually build the damn thing!.
Slip a Smartphone into this interactive case and the screen seamlessly expands for a tablet experience with communication capabilities.
Spark is a simple product that connects your lights to the internet so you can control them from a smartphone, tablet, or computer.
Making your life easier, aluminum USB C adaptor fits on your key ring ensuring you can use every USB device with your new MacBook.
Low cost, reliable, active ultrasonic transponder visible by surface boat Fish Finders without intervention of the scuba diver
Why buy an object that can perform only one function? 
Thanks to this question I designed the T-DRONE, the first multifunction drone!
Revolutionize the way you wash your clothes! The evolution of the laundry process is upon us. Don't hate, get the Laundry Mate!
I want to do a smartphone and tablet repair course based in the US at www.mengtormdtraining.com/
Develop a quicker spooling ball bearing turbocharger that is under $1500.00
Une roue avant capable de tracter un fauteuil et son utilisateur.
Prototype a filtration system that will hold water, filter and return water instead of going in drainage while taking a shower or bath.
Expanding technology in my high schools science classroom to better prepare my students for college and careers.
Searcher Camera is an American built, HD 720p camera, on a 1-meter waterproof wand that streams live video to your smart phone.
QuickScanIt® eliminates the need of a scanner, fax machine, copier & business card scanner. QuickOneEdge document placement system.
The SunBreather is a powerful floating solar powered aerator.  Capable of Pumping 500 gallons per hour in full sun, for ponds and lakes
We're tired of boring chargers, Giving new life to the way chargers look. Charging has truly evolved.
A hand held computer mouse that assists exceptional students in their learning through the use of educational technology on a computer.
A computer made of wood, that adapts to your desk, and not the other way around. Simple, Compact and Unique,
We will be making custom, high quality, steel targets of all shapes and sizes.
Dooring Alert Systems, a vehicle integrated alert system that will save lives and injuries caused by dooring.
The new way to test, train and improve your game - while having fun ! 
Suitable for Badminton, Tennis, Squash, All Racquet Sports
Keep your driveway private and safe with Drivewayspikes.
Stop unwanted vehicles from entering your Driveway.
Urgently needed impalement prevention safety cover
OSHA Approved/State mandated
Exposed column bracket are lethal protect your family
The world’s first smartphone-controlled,
high-holding-force furniture lock designed to secure
your nightstand, dresser or desk.
Im looking for Hardware for my Media Studies. To help me though the years of making magazines, coding and photo editing.
Dirty air filters waste energy and stop trapping dust as they get clogged.  FilterWatch will alert you when your filter needs changing.
An innovative gadget that will stop you from ever getting caught swinging a dirty bag of dog waste on your walks again.
Landscapers can divert lawn clippings from landfills by compressing & packaging them into safe, pesticide-free, pickled livestock feed.
The Smart Saddle is the only universal smartphone and tablet stand. Compatible with any device up to 10.5" screens.
SAM is a revolutionary Solar Absorption Module designed to utilize the sun to generate massive amounts of power without solar panels.
Need Crowdfunding to turn my 4.0L V8 twin turbo 1981 KE70 into a full-fledged beast in the 7-8 second 1/4 Mile club
Stop the "Cyber Peeper" with the BLOCK FOX! Eliminate hackers into your homes undetected via webcam with our simple,cute, fun solution.
We're out to clean up America's trails.  Our NEW System is proven to reduce trail & other litter by 95%.  Pay it Forward.  FEEL BETTER!
BaziFIT is a WearableTech & mHealth company. We are developing state-of-the-art tools to increase user engagement & track progress.
Help us save growers 70% on their indoor grow. Closer to natural daylight, half the watts and radiator cooled. This is the FUTURE!!!
Connect to the Internet from anywhere with the same security you have at home, without anyone holding your keys and charging you fees.
The FlexMount securely grips tablet, e-reader & mobile devices. It also works great with nearly all smart phone and mp3 player devices.
The Keyless Start product allows to you to unlock and start your vehicle using your cell phone in place of your car key and remote.
I am looking to start production on an affordable LED terrarium light.
A free Arduino development kit ,wireless, limitless.
The Community Surveillance Device {CSD} is a way of summoning help from family and neighbors close by [2.5-5 Km] through Low Radio Freq
This project involves the fusion of various bits of hardware and some custom VST hosting software to create an all in one synth.
Can't find what I want on the internet.  Going to experiment and build prototypes for a self contained hydroponic planter for my deck
Economical , innovative , cost effective , the dream of each one, using water as fuel.The only one in the world with patented geometry.
I'm developing an artificial ear. With this system you're able compare to 2 different types of hearing aids and make the best choice.
Provide a public school with a free classroom set of REDIDESK digital desks to conduct a pilot test to demonstrate the concept
WiFi-enabled modular smart power bar with an app. Individually monitor and control each module.
Harvest the energy of light and power your TI LaunchPad development boards.
Small gasoline powered engines are some of the worst polluters on the planet.  Our technology makes these engines dramatically cleaner.
The MB87X photostability chamber is a critical tool in the establishment of shelf lives of prescription and OTC drugs
Data boy realizes multi-ways charge, data sync and data storage.For iPhone/iPad/Android/Windows/Type-C/lightning cable/data cable/otg
I have design a new type of construction beam that will be stronger and lighter than the conventional wood beams that are used now.
Are you looking for a lightweight, powerful,and silent alternative to gas powered dirt bikes? Welcome to the AEMX2!
This is a 'YOU CAN'T MISS' Putter for Golf that projects a Laser Beam showing exactly where you are aimed.
Tool for quickly installing hooks to hang about everything: wind chimes to rope lighting.
Our vision is to read the neural code of the mind and react to it in real-time.
Tailly is a wearable wagging tail which reacts to the user’s heart rate. When you wear Tailly, you’ll radiate cuteness and happiness!
Works w/ any Smart Phone to Improves the quality of your phone call.  Makes it easier for you to hear each other in noisy environments.
Create tailor-fit remote controls for your smartphone with plug-and-play, click-and-drag ease on a super-fast, open source platform.
We are At Worlds End Gaming, a community for gamer's/geeks, we hope a few servers will grow our group and us along the way.
Event Specialty Lights in White or RGB LED fixtures with Smart Cart Charging Systems. Easy to set up, operate and no power required.
CNC Lathe turned Shot Glass in the shape of a Rocket Engine Combustion Chamber!
Hassle-free Helmet Audio Kit for Skiers / Snowboarders
Multi touch tables for activities and informational purposes. Twelve prototypes are currently installed at Just Desserts in Tucson.
MeWatt analyzes the energy usage of your appliances and provides you with actionable recommendations to save energy and money.
Mount iPhone 5, 4S or 3, Samsung, Android etc to a tripod with or without a case.  Use the Pocket Tripod with a camera or Tripod Mount.
When you see someone texting and driving, this is a universal/culturally accepted signal that communicates and reminds a person to stop
A WATCH BAND THAT INFLATES TO BECOMING A LIFE PERSERVER.   2 PEOPLE DIE EVERY MINUTE FROM DROWING, WE CAN STOP IT
Let's get this weather station going!
Respect nature's power to disrupt our everyday living.  Prepare for emergencies.  We consult, equip and help prepare.
Tired of digging around for your money when you need it? A very simple and easy-to-use phone case that holds 1 euro and 2 euro coins.
VirtualZone® is an energy management system comprised of distributed wireless devices to achieve room by room temperature control.
The redesigned Backer Capper is a single-handed rear lens cap swapping system for professional photographers and videographers.
Hackabox will be the first open-source, "hack as you wish," game development platform.
We are building a low-cost small-footprint outdoor MPPT solar controller for getting the most out of solar panels for sailboats.
We need to protect ourselves from threats far far away so lets build a death star.
The world can now be fed locally, Year round food production, Utilizing Quantum Flux LED Agricultural Systems, The leader in Grow tech.
Square Jellyfish Earphone Case and iPhone stand for the new iPhone 5 EarPods
iPhone case and dock that equips your phone with a secondary X-Link port and also acts as a portable battery.
With Tissue Tablet in place, your TP is encased and protected from the invisible aerosolized particles that spray up from toilet flush.
This new wine barrel racking system utilizes an automatic rotation method while aging wine, which helps produce a higher quality wine.
A Bat and Ball game system for up to 4 players and 5 balls on the screen at once. And it's all open hardware / open source!
Students from multiple high schools will work together to design, build, and test a robot for the 2014 FIRST Robotics competition.
BetR-blok "better block" is used to build homes from recycled paper rather than cutting down trees. Automation will mainstream it.
Cascadeable SMS/Text controlled scrolling LED display, based on standard microcontroller technology. Low voltage 6V DC supply.
Placing furniture against traditional plugs is problematic and hazardous, my goal is to eliminate the cause of electrical fires.
Un système de garde-corps de chantier inovant, ergonomique, conforme aux réglementations CEE, simple et rapide à mettre en oeuvre.
Auto-Block Telemarketers and Receive Notifications on your Smart Phone every time your landline rings!
UniGrip Pro is the first high quality smartphone mounting system designed to attach industry standard accessories such as tripods
If you want to save money on your energy bill, SEERSaver® is for you. SEERSaver® will help ensure your AC is working efficiently.
All in one , Color Graphic card module with RGB and AV output for AVR / ARM / PIC / ARDUINO micro controller electronic projects
The patented, time-saving, leaf packing, disposable bag : AirGill
We need help to catalog and photograph all of the museum items which number over one million pieces, yes! over one million. Thank you
Touch Heart to Create Jobs thru Self-Manufacture.
Our revolutionary direct battery drive audio amplifier design technology delivers the absolute purest and noiseless sound
Form + Function = a different kind of camera stabilizer that converts to different shooting modes and sets up in minutes, guaranteed!
The Easyhook Driver Bit (aka Cuphook Driver & Why-didn't-I-think-of-that-idea) is designed to install cuphooks at all angles with ease.
PLUG – Portable FM Radio with Bluetooth Speaker. Plugs into wall,   rechargeable Battery,Emergency Mobile gadget charger via USB port.
Create prototype mobile solar-powered electric bicycle rental shop based on  20 ft shipping container, complete with 15 bikes.
Bring two Six-Wheel-Drive All-Terrain Wheelchair Transporters to Burning Man 2012. Funding is for electronic upgrades & transportation.
Le premier système de confort respiratoire réellement efficace pour moto et scooter
Tired of your WiFi router only connects less than 20 devices? Spider is a Smart Antenna router connects 100+ devices at the same time.
Plug SmartVoIP in the USB port of your PC, and use your preferred VoIP SW (eg. Skype). That's it!  Nobody will intercept you!
Introducing the new state of the art exterior rodent bait station, head and tails above the rest.
A set of 4 game controllers that physically snap together via magnets, encouraging inter-personal play.
Real Nano-Technology-Driven Cooling for Your Head. Not Warm Fan Air, But Actual Temperature Reduction/Cooling! Lightweight and Simple!
Turn any video into a live 3D experience with your smartphone and the HiFly device & mobile app! Most affordable & easy to use VR out
The MC Smart Controls FL-1000 is an inexpensive cost effective technology solution that protects your home from water damage
Trying to get funds to start my youtube channel properly using better equipment and hardware for my computer.
Paigo Smart Home Center is the most intelligent system ever. House control, security and entertainment in one place. Home automation.
A high-tech way to bring the focus of attention to a single person during an event or celebration.
You like to eat plastic? You might not know it, but it's in your food chain. Learn how the CleanUpFence stops plastic bag pollution.
This project is an attempt to use current technology to improve/replace the SATA Hard Drive UER with one that is more reliable.
Pally Smart Finder is a small Bluetooth Smart (Bluetooth Low Energy) based tag that allows you to find various personal items
Simply a Nexus Phone combined with Custom Rom and an unique service support. You´ll finance Hard- and Software.
A very robust Internet of Things Sensor System for the manufacturing and construction industry, along with cloud service.
Every dog owner worries about losing their dog. No worries! No monthly fees, no forgetting battery recharge, no buttons, it just works.
Our project is a simple, sleek, plug n play, solar powered e-bike  or LEV charging station that can also charge gadgets and computers.
An Intel Edison based open source power relay block for switching 4 electrical appliances through a webinterface or webAPI.
Helium is a machine learning smart light bulb that also features night shift and Li+Fi to give you better health and Wi-Fi coverage.
iGloLED is a Wireless Device Designed for Mobile Control of Your Project. Kits From $99 With LED Lights and SDK!
Move everything of MOBILE to your TV! It is Android Game Console, TV Box, Mini Computer, with smart devices as controller.
Der Sinn dieses Projektes ist die Kosten pro PC und Schüler/in drastisch zu senken von 250-500€ pro Rechner auf gerade mal 100€
The Ultimate Solution to Have Lucid Dreams. Oneirics will help you to control your dreams in a fast and easy way.
Plug -N- Tug is a 6-way and 7-way trailer light tester.
Support a business to complete its product which kills weeds using electricity to help reduce the use of chemicals in our environment.
With your help, we can cut the cost of computing in half for schools, homes, and organizations. All Open Source. Commodity HW.
Pylon allows your friends to securely & seamlessly connect and share music, photos and more on your Wi-Fi network without a password
Beez is a stylish case that charges your iPhone while you enjoy seamless and cordless communication through a compact Bluetooth earbud.
Improving education through technology. Tablets will be used as a center in my class to improve reading and math.
An easy to use but incredibly effective life saving device for the motorized wheelchair community.
Darkfinity Gamepad with 3350 mAh battery and 6700 mAh battery for the powerbank edition.
The RepRap Project is about making self-replicating machines, and then making those copies freely available to benefit everyone.
When kids are at the neighbors playing or outside in close range, mom can push one of the buttons to alert any or all of the children.
One Click is hardware device that simplify the creation of site, dynamic and static, full responsive.
The Cobra Tattoo Cable helps create a streamlined workflow for the professional tattoo artist.
ChargeSmart is an iPhone 5/5s case that protects, doubles short-term battery life, and extends your iPhone’s long term battery health.
the Cube is a revolutionary device that brings simplicity to a device heavy world.
Are you frustrated by having to remember all those accounts? It’s now as easy as a click of the mouse. You just need the Pass Key USB.
Designing and distributing crazy vending machines youve never seen before ..producing vending machines that make people smile,
A plastic shield that clips to the rim of the toilet that funnels pee in the bowl. Keeps it off the hinges floor etc. Help in their aim
Reduce your charge time. Double your battery life. Charge other devices. Protect your iPad. And you'll hardly know it's there.
Finally, a tournament ready, multi-console (XboxOne, Xbox360, PS3, PS4, and PC), fighting game controller designed for the masses!
The Leviathan Tower is a revolutionary Gaming Tower/Server that has the capability of running at ultra low temperatures.
J'ai pour volonté de m'investir dans le  développement du  transport propre des livraisons de restaurant.
SunJack™ - Portable solar power platform for power tools, lights, and electronics.  Disaster relief power. Production run 20 units.
The SDS is a vehicle safe that replaces your car-stereo with phone, SatNav & radio. It automatically calls 911 when burglarized
Tested and proven to provide military-grade (>100 dB) protection at 1/5th the price. Insurance for a dangerous world.
Become a Solar Farmer today! Harvest solar energy during the day and charge your devices at night!
Nobody wants to touch the toilet seat, do you? With this revolutionary product you never have to again. The seat opens automatically
Oviary is bringing birth control from the 1960s to the 21st century.  Never forget the Pill again with Oviary at your bedside.
The eQUICK Mobile USB Battery Charger stores 2 smartphone charges, in just a 15 minute drive and 8 charges in less then a 1-hour drive.
VeloComputer calculates precise cycling distance, speed, acceleration, cadence, grade and power using your iPhone or Android phone
Control your power outlets via the cloud remotely or locally, monitor energy use, make your energy data visible on the web and phone.
Ultra bay adapter with PCIe x16 connector for ultra fast gaming experience. PCIe x8 from UB can be used for extreme fast graphic ext.
PLASTIC COVER WITH SENSOR TO PROTECT BATHROOM TISSUE PAPER FROM AEROSOLIZED PARTICLES !! SANITIZE, LUXURIZE, TECHNOLOGIZE THE FUTURE !!
GemWhere watch simplifies and reads info to you. It brings news, search, music, games and a lot more to your wrist. 3G+Wifi+Bluetooth!
Phone Alive is all about keeping your phone alive, and using our disposable battery, made out of paper, you can!
My Idea is to start a Lan/Console gaming place for teens to hang out and game and learn technology.
ISense: The affordable, Cable free Wireless HD home monitoring system.
Create your own paddleboard for half the cost of buying one! We give you all the material and know-how to build your own.
BlueDotSound is a minimalistic speaker that incorporates a Bluetooth 4.1 wall outlet speaker with a  built in microphone.
Dead phones are a thing of the past! Smart Charger USA wireless charging is bringing the future to you!
I want to make the best living room Entertainment Coffee Table, that will include android tvbox, audio and visual effects!!
Home invasion, It can happen to you, and with all the turmoil in the U.S and World today the odd’s are turning against you.
MagMouse - World’s Most Accurate Mouse.
Ideal for Gamers, Designers, Video Editors & Photoshop
Simultaneously charge or sync iPads, iPhones, iPods. Perfect for small work groups, families and schools.
The project's objective is building an non-cost-driven algae reactor to capture to scrub green house gas from air.
We have got our heads together to bring you an alternative way to light up your home and charge your smart devices!
Solar Driven Ground Cooling System will keep the ground frozen solid beneath infrastructure founded on permafrost soils,
The Hitchhiker - World's first accessory seat for lawn and garden tractors.
Stop hAnd Wash is a dynamically visual animated sign that detects the presence of a person and conveys an important audio message.
Recycle energy from the waste created by running the A/C!

Video of it working:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pwE3UlSmTh8
An invention to remove fencing posts, tree stumps and met posts easier.
Unplug from the Grid! Green House can help the average person create clean, efficient, renewable energy to reduce pollution and save $$
Cambia LifeLight…
Low cost home version of our powerful commercial LED plant growth light
The newest leap of evolution in music enjoyment. Wireless Head-phones with a simple twist turn into a high quality boom-box. HeadBox!
CLOUDSCLOCK is an innovative product which will provide you with the most necessary things in tiniest device - inside your clock.
Este modulo SFP GPON permitira eliminar por completo la ONT y Router de tu actual ISP y usar tu Propio Router Cisco,Mikrotik..esc
Please support our Kickstarter project for us to produce more Bluecherry H.264 multi-port capture cards - now with Windows drivers!
Bountiful source of clean Residential and Commercial Electrical Power produced from ocean water thru Electrolysis.  (C) patent pending
Use the various apps available for MagicFrame to use the device as a desktop, digital frame, TV and much more.
World's first smart bluetooth headset designed to attach to your phone, help find where you parked & enable your car audio w+ Bluetooth
The goal is to develop a scaled prototype to demonstrate the concept of wave theory in marine propulsion to potential investors.
The Smart Shell Case solves the problem of leaving your iPad 2 exposed to scratches wile Apple's Smart Cover is attached.
We must defend ourselves against the Empire's Death Star! Join the Rebel Alliance!
Our M-Lite project has created Ultra Cool LED Light Bars that saves schools and building owners money while reducing greenhouse gases.
EL Helmet Kits are bright and versatile safety light add-on's to your bike or motorcycle helmet for added visibility.
Hotel doors are not safe without the added security of the Latch Catch,  a small device that fits in the palm of your hand.
The pivoting gutter system will prevent injury caused by ladder accidents occurring while removing leaves and debris from gutters.
The PRISM LIGHTHOUSE rotates giving off a full spectrum light display, view my prototype on my homepage @  www.reddragonls.co.uk
Finally a valve made for cold/freezing climates that won't self destruct when it freezes with water in it. Thanks freeze plug!
I want to make a clean and portable power unit to take on the go that is also affordable.
Newly formed SPLATTERBRUSH Print Co. is a small company that will initially focus on custom vinyl jobs, posters, print, & design.
One system provides climate control, sprinkler control and security for your home.  It's remotely accessible and ECOSmart!
VoIP pedals looking and feeling a bit on the cheap side? Finally now there's quality communication hardware for the gaming community.
Powerguard Greenhouse increases Yield, Growth and Strength of any garden plan !!!
Never dig through the dark again. LiddUp is built-in lighting for coolers. Why don’t coolers have lights like your fridge? They do now!
I'm making a high tech computer and placing it inside a NES console. And it will still be able to run all the newest games.
A modular component system that enhances a computer experience of an individual user.
Spokenlights is a high performance LED light system that mounts on your wheels.  It displays 24-bit customizable graphics and patterns.
5,000 Deaths and 140,000 Injuries in North America Alone. Smart Lite is a Breakthrough in Commercial Truck Safety that will Save Lives!
Custom built for custom builders, Dune Case is smaller than the average PC case, but big in customization potential.
PeaceKeeper® - Charges up to 8 USB devices at the same time! Keep Peace at Home While Staying in Charge! 
Help Support Our Campaign!
A "Bluetooth" accessory product for Mobile devices (iPhone/iPad/etc) to connect to home stereos and cpu's.

Looking for funding for
I want to share my passion for tecnology, with everyone via youtube.com, through honest unboxing and reviews
Initially designed for Litecoin mining, this GPU case supports up to 6 GPUs and is ideal for render farms or password crackers.
This mounts HDTV's in front of tube TV cavities built into homes built from about 1990 to present.
Nobody Wants to Talk About It. 
But, Everyone Needs It for BETTER HEALTH.
A new small/fast 16bit CPU for use in FPGA's as well as an assembler. Eventually a C compiler for this and new CPUs
The modification of an existing computer architecture for the precise control of network security. Publication, competition, sales.
Everyone should be able to get out in nature. Like late Harry Chapin did hunger. I want to give half my profit to disabled vets.
I want to develop and design a Supercomputer dedicated to finding the end value of mathematical theorems to see if certain math ends.
Imagine hosting data centers underwater utilizing the ocean to naturally cool, and harness the oceans' currents to power them.
ANY PERSON, DISABLED OR NOT, SHOULD BE FREE TO MOVE INDEPENDENTLY.
WITH OUR PROJECT THIS WILL COME TRUE
Develop and license software algorithms for Volume trading . Seeking to develop a prototype a device to process our algorithms.
Let's take gaming to the next level! With the funds we can get statistical benchmark studies of 4-way Video card configurations!
With UL Approval complete and a new CNC mill we'll get to work building Wallplate Chargers locally and shipping them direct to users.
Want to recharge but there's no surface to put the phone on near the socket? UNU holder will help you.
Have you ever wanted the power of a snow mobile and the convienience of a snowboard? This is your chance!!! lets make it happen!
Flat cable Micro USB with aluminum ends, LED lit, backed with a Lifetime Warranty.  Available in 6 inch, 3FT and 6FT cables.
Imagine a world where you can learn about anything or purchase anything with a single tap of a smartphone...welcome to TapThat
The IntelliSys Smart Controller is a simple cost effective solution to small to medium power systems that need reliable continuous
I'm making this invention to help families with young children, to help our injured war veterans, and to aid people with disabilities.
Wayout will help adults, children and First Responders quickly enter and exit a house or building on fire to safety.
No CHORES, No MAINTENANCE! AUTOMATED EVERYTHING!! TOUCH, TRANSPORT, AND RELAX!! BREATHE EASY! ENJOY your LIFE!! ENJOY YOUR HOME!!
Using patent pending bio-technology, we have developed a small, efficient battery that can keep a phone fully charged for months.
Very simple: The PV system feeds electricity into your home grid at the pre-set level. Highend DIY, no electrician. Great fun & savings
If you own an iphone 6 or 6plus chances are you are like me worrying of the possibility of the phone being subjected to bending.
New; this is a new product just rolling out. Be among the first to own a Charcoal Smoke Pan. Take your Bar B.Q. to the next level.
A cell phone cover that incorporates a specialized phase change material that will prevent the phone from overheating.
i wish to set up gaming pc that so people can get what they want in it or i can help them with it to make it werry cool looking gamerPC
This device can be used where ever there is bed bugs, ant hills, the micro waves would cook any insect it comes into contact with,....
Guaranteed and tested in a hydraulic chamber for up to 45 meters submerged, the iSkita housing will capture your treasured memories!
We've made it easy for professional services, medical, retail and coffee venues to put content in their waiting area at a low cost.
iFilter is a filter medium that allows to protect your iMac , you can also customize it ( personal or professional )
.The selfie stick. Obsolete.  A thing of the past. Now there’s “The Scope”.  A product that will change the way we take selfies/videos.
Are you tired of cluttered outlets?  Wire WallChum up.  Two USB chargers, 3-LED Accent Lights w/ sensor and on-off switch.
Machine that utilizes pyrolysis to create clean burning syn-gas which can be used to run generators without gasoline.
An easy removable wheel cover for commercial vehicles, tractors and trailers. Reducing air drag and improving fuel consumption by
1-3%
70-80% better Gas mileage and performance on any Vehicle is very possible With Tri-Force
I want Amerika to have MORE TRANSPORTATION OPTIONS, not just cars and roads for cars.
Creating Solar Energy In NY. On our way to 100% Renewable Energy in the City and grid transition from fossil fuels to true clean tech.
It is a bed filled with sand. Keeps you cool and a little wiggle it is formed to your body
"Slide my privacy" is a gadget for those whose webcam does not offer the possibility to cover physically the visual field of this one.
Our Green technology saves millions in lost hydraulic power, by reclaiming waste energy found in water purification and gas sweetening.
Overclock your mailbox with a monthly subscription box full of surprises for electronics hobbyists, computer geeks, makers, & hackers.
If you're cut off on a motorcycle, you don't have time to think, blast the horn or flash the lights. What if that was automatic?
a facility that is energy independent for the purpose of researching and developing alternative energy that open sources all research
Touch Screen Panel For Retail & Commercial Use
The USBead is designed to help users grip the Apple brand lightning cable, reducing the risk of fray and shorting out as is common
Looking to bring my Utility patented O'Neil Conduit Systems into  manufacturing now! Seperates Line and low voltage with one system!
Help patent the world's first wirelessly programmable LED grow light for indoor horticulture.
Putting less lives in danger to rescue a firefighter or civilian!
Personal electric scooter for off road and golf courses
48V 500W sps to 20mph need funding for mfg molds and product to sell
The dawn of a new kind of virtual reality!
I am creating led boxes that can be multicolour or single colour. Also ones that will flash to the music.that be given to disabled ppl
As a surfer I have often wondered how much water I move through.   GPS tells me how far across ground I go but, water is a fluid.....so
DCT Converts and Transmits 2 to 4 different Languages at the same time in Real time In Bluetooth wireless headset, in A Movie Theater!
Finally!  A convenient all-in-one solution for the busy traveller...  No more searching airports for a place to charge.  A must have.
9 months of my life spent to crack how to significantly reduce heat build up in computers [especially graphics cards] I did it,
KDV Technology Waste-to-Energy
A conversion of 300,000,000 years in nature happens in just 3 minutes through Catalytic Depolymerization
SwineTech is developing proprietary software that will reduce the amount of piglets that die because they are laid on by their moms.
Your donation will help produce the first Desk Drawer Computer. Slide the system out, flip up the monitor, and you are ready to work.
Want to start a custom motorbike shop with my father and need funding to buy the tools we need to start making custom motorbikes
Portable, electronic, fully automated, expandable and smart, olive fruits harvester Stick. Weight: 850g incl. rechargeable battery.
Ich möchte eine kostengünstige Haussteuerung entwickeln.
Our "SafeBox" has RV comforts and can be shipped anywhere in the world with protection from theft as well as most natural disasters.
The challenge to build the fastest circuit car ever imagined!
Solar Panels add to global warming. Lets get a little more creative in how we do life. Sorry solar guys, but no.
VETrak® System Measures and Manages Liquid Volumes in a 6-sealed Swine Liquid Medicine bottle(25-600 ml) non-invasively using Smartray™
Revitalize rain water collection system and install solar powered pumps for irrigation of school garden and sports fields
Be independent. Be in control. No third parties - decide where you want to store your data without losing the advantages of the cloud.
WIreWiz is a unique Cable Caddy that solves the problem of tangled extension cables. Cable can be withdrawn and rewound from both ends
The Kameleon is an easy-to-install, encryption device that allows everyone to access the internet anonymously & protect their data.
Water is in short supply domestically/worldwide. This device can help deliver water in 3rd world countries to improve quality of life.
A self contained water reuse loop, using our technology, to better manage and utilize the water resources of a dairy farm.
Many people go alone to the gym and most of them have not a training partner as a spotter. We should change the gym with nice machines.
The first low cost & easy self install for TV. That brings video content to light into room in HD with LED RGB ambient lighting system.
Imagine a Monitor that has no bezel. Nothing but Screen. Now make that flexible. What we are seeking to create will blow you away.
Support a 13 Year old boy with no financial-income that dreams to devote part of his life to his YouTube audience.
Easy to install Smart Energy Saver and Generator by collecting your wasted energy
Neck and Back Support System (N.A.B.S.S.) for overhead work take strain off head/neck keeping back straight {patented}need med aprvl
Having just one USB C port on the new Macbook 12 inch, isn't good enough. You need a HDMI Port, USB 3.0 & USB C port. All-in-one hub.
The internal combustion engine is a very wasteful item. It only uses 17% of your fuel. I'll give you that other 83%.
I've Got a Great Idea!

Help me develop and share my Invention with everyone that is looking for a Plug To Go but can't find one.
I am trying to get a new computer for the Tech Draw room at Marblehead High so that the students can use more advanced programs
We aim to create the best PC protection on the market.
PC Control For Animals/Organics
EWA - a cell phone power bank with intelligent positioning
 and selfie functions
Mo Flex (Arm Unit) is designed to take the place of a dumbbell weight that is made for people on the go whom work out their arms alot.
Car sharing with electric cars that will change your view of mobility.
Dual Collection High Efficiency Solar Cell.
TBR is a new start-up company that recycles used technology to provide REFURBISHED COMPUTERS and job skills training to those in need.
Create processing library that one may import g-code file and control a simulator and CNC through Arduino Standard Firmata.
FlowerCube transforms every Monitor, TV, old CRT TV in what you need for your entertainment. Flexible, powerful, simple, portable.
This is a proof of concept project utilizing off-the-shelf technologies in creating sustainable, electric modes of transportation.
Ameri-Cade is a builder of home defense systems. These units will be outfitted to guard occupants from gunfire and projectile attacks.
100 percent legal in all states
preventing forest fires
cleaning up the environment
patent pending
healthier eating to go ANYWERE!!!!!!
Build a marquee for an elementary school so that parents and friends in the area can keep up with school activities and alerts.
Why waste money heating your entire home when you can heat just the room you're in with this unique device.   Quality is Job One.
Tire Retractor will help vehicles get out when they are stuck in mud or snow. New Invention that does not yet exist.
World's first adjustable wheelchair with a weight capacity of 300 lbs, seat width is easily adjustable from 16", 18" and 20".
A outfoldable bathroom to small college rooms so that every person, living in a small college room could have their own bath.
Introducing your solution to wall usb chargers! The Hub can attach to a variety of thicknesses and charge 4 ipads at the same time!
Improve the studying conditions for school children and adults and provide an energy charging room for parents and other villagers.
OLink is a USB-C multiport adapter with incredible portability and fast recharging for Apple Watch, iPhone,iPad and the newest MacBook.
All of our lures are hand made or hand injected. It's about time to make them with machine and big molds
Density detector for Online camera secure surveillance to monitor presens of weapons, Explosives, Drugs, Electronics.
This patent pending invention is unique in green and alternate solar energy solution. It produces a high output at a low initial cost
Power your home from your own home generator, No gas, wind or solar panels
Our concept is to change the world of motoring by converting pre-existing gas fueled vehicles into Hybrid's, with our innovative design
Le JETSUBMARINER, est un hybride de Jet ski, de hors-bord et de mi sous-marin, dédié au sport nautique
Make your existing blinds smart. Z-Wave controlled. Convenience, privacy, energy savings.
A scalable, modular, Tiny House, Whole-House 250 Watt (DC) Thermoelectric-Hydronic Generator. Make power while you live and sleep warm.
Simple device that allows hands free usage of cell phones, mini cameras, lighting, and more...
Smart Lamp is not just a lamp. This a special lamp which combine a lot of features you normally use at home y just one product
An innovative, collapsible horse obstacle course that is easy to use and fully portable.
To Entertain and Educate using HATS: A Tribute to Harriet Tubman, a one-woman show, as a multi-media educational tool.  Hologram Tour
Nacila Pay is an innovative method that controls where and how your money is being spent.
Autrefois statique, classique et dépendante, la tireuse à bière devient mobile, connectée et autonome !
An omni wheel that has motorized miniature wheels inside of it. Expect parallel parking to be easier in the future!
CLEANS A PAINT CAN IN LESS THEN 30 SECONDS GIVING YOU 2 CUPS OF PAINT NO MORE STICK TO CLEAN OUT THE CAN TAKES TO LONG AND MAKE A MESS
Keeps the recessed grooves of paint/stain clean after each use. This reduces the waste to land fills or water contamination.
Project Caduceus is a portable HDMI stick that will allow you to stream your video game library from your gaming rig to any HDMI TV.
A pot lid and attachable flex-metal hose must be patented and manufactured for airdrops into disaster zones and home emergency prep.
Ever been in a waiting room airport terminal restaurant with a phone on the brink of death? I have the solution RedBox for Electronics!
As gaming laptops increase in performance, so does the heat.
Let me change that!
Precision thumb texting tool for  for cell phones,ipads,iphones public atms,teller-machines gaming controllers,xbox,playst,p2p,wi,wii
In the quest to protect our children and keep them healthy and secure, the Yu initiative has been launched.
To amplify horsepower. As I have a working and proven model. This incorporates mother natures way of doing everything.
Looking for anyone to throw in even a few dollars towards helping me add variety and increased video quality (voice-overs, live camera)
Can you help me save lives around the world - I have designed something that can - and I need your help!!
A very low cost tablet based refresh-able Braille display. Single or Multi-line Braille display and keyboard cover for a iPad or tablet
WutDesk Designed for enthusiasts & moders as a replacement for both your desk & computer case, The last desk you will ever want
A center for recreation with concentrators of The Force, Prana, Chi, Ruah, Mana - the universal life-force, the breath keeping us alive
Our Drunk Driving Detector monitors behavior at 1200 meters away using laser and is poised to save thousands of tragically lost lives!!
The Wheelchair Buddy™ protects the power control panel that houses the joystick on your power wheelchair, and is 100% guaranteed.
New exciting porta john for kids. Designed inside for childrens size with cool cartoon exterior graphics let kids feel more comfortable
The future is here! No more worries about what you are drinking. Clean,fresh water made by you for you using the Clean Wave system.
Instantly make almost any USB charger compatible with your device and enable full-speed charging with the Anydapter!
Help Bring the LightningBug into Every Home, Reducing Your Carbon Footprint for this uses NO GAS or OIL Leaving Zero Emissions.
Smart charger with a digital alternator regulator controller and engine control with smart technology systems, integrating all power
Who has time to worry with the charge percentile of cellular phones etc.? Embrace Perma-Flow Batteries! No more charging batteries.
Tired Of Having to use a wiredd charger for your gaming console or having to stop playing to charge your controller? Wireless Charge!
Servers that will better service North Australia and Indonesia
Using cutting edge lxc containers to deliver near bare metal perfomance in a virtual enviroment at a fraction of the cost.
A ethernet hub/switch that is concealed in the wall to hide exposed wires.
We'll convert 2 cars to run on hydrogen from water & electricity for school demonstrations. We'll document for instruction.
Quick print coupon binder by Collapsible eye box company the only binder with a portable printer
A Bitcoin mining system is a device that does nothing more than mine bitcoin at high speeds.
Filtration system sources unwanted cooled water in hot water pipes instead of it just going down the drain while you wait for hot water
AeroGap is intended to improve wind resistance and fuel economy by bridging the gap between a semi-truck and its trailer.
I am working on developing a system which saves children, and possibly anyone, holding a toy gun from being killed from law enforcement
FILTERevolution™ has developed a 1 year self-renewing HVAC filter for which saves energy and time!!
Zombie 222, 1968 Mustang all electric super car set a Texas Mile electric speed record 174mph, we need your sponsorship to break 200mph
Intelligent and flexible strip sensors that communicates between lamps posts to achieve economic and energy savings in public lighting.
The Sidekick is a mobile smartphone cradle for easier handling of any size phone for periods of extended use, as well as hands free.
The first connected and social dashcam that allows you to capture, save and share moments from the road
Our goal is to power an entire home during the day and charge new technology batteries for night time use. We need prototype funding
Android based MaxMyTV Smart Hub automates your home and Overlays alerts from Sensors, IP camera and Social Media on TV broadcast video.
PlexiBots is a modular construction system for "makers" designed to reduce both the cost of prototyping and time to market.
It occurred to me that I haven't seen a blacksmith shop that is operating in Alberta besides that of fort Edmonton park
Drive your car on water
A no electricity solar grow light alternative
Netzwall: 1st affordable viruswall mini appliance. Protects PCs or any other devices by an integrated open source antimalwarefilter.
The Venetian windmill is a low cost highly efficient energy supplier based on a rotating Venetian blinds principle a dumb-waiter alike.
I have a passion for graphic design and am looking to build the ultimate graphic design desktop to share my designs with the world.
Fire protection bag to carry equipment that contain lithium batteries.  Sustain fire up to 2000 degrees F for up to eight hours.
Smoothie Vending Machine
State of the art, furniture grade growing system that controls climate, lighting, and temperature that features a locking system.
For licence plates to see other vehicles in traffic and could make traffic safer and rescue work faster. Your life more convenient.
Interior design has never been hotter.  This idea is a long time coming.  Print anything in acrylic/latex directly onto a wall.
A holistic, integrated redesign of wind turbines to overcome the 3 main weaknesses that limit their present competitiveness & growth.
An extremely new, outside the [GlassBox] =breakthrough= idea 4 social togetherness, using technology. Soon we will all be Mallaludians.
Nikka: your smart choice for securing your digital world. Access your files from your personal hardware strongbox, wherever you are.
Something has to be done to the static lawn rake. My goal is the change the look of the rake and make it more functional and useful.
Construct a microchip-controlled prototype, based on which a DIY-Manual will be written and further studies developed
A unit that charges Electric Vehicles while they Drive
Please checkout my website for more info. www.inventionhome.com GuestLogin: Guest020061 Password: CD200610
A revolutionary new engine design improves fuel economy by up to 72%
High quality, heavy duty PVC rubber drone takeoff and landing mat so your drone can takeoff and land in grass, sand and pavement.
I have invented an infrared LED based on carbon nanotubes that would emit bright light. I need funds to fabricate and test a prototype.
If you have ever broken your charging port on your phone or tablet this is the thing for you. Plus it's kid safe too!!
NOW, You can mount any power strips on any surfaces or racks with ease and it takes less time. No more power strips laying on floors.
solar pergola built using the Sanyo/Panasonic HIT unbacked solar panels, the first phase of The Crane Station project
My goal is to create a desk with a computer built into the top, Including a liquid cooling loop.
Commercializing a novel coil spring prosthetic foot.
My goal is to help underprivileged students learn the computer skills needed to find a job in the field & provide a computer to them.
Play music from your car stereo without an aux port or Bluetooth built in, very cheap way to have Bluetooth as if it were built in.
The Invisible Door Stop is the ONLY Guaranteed Damage Free Door Stop on the Market!! Easy to Install! Made 100% in the USA!
Ergonomically correct, environmentally safe, hands free.  No more back breaking position needed when cleaning your pool filters.
Thousands of dependent elderly people living alone in the house, abandoned.Today you can support them with new technologies. Let's help
We are looking to design and manufacturer new technology that protects the lives of First Responders and help them save lives.
All in one snow removal system that eliminates the problem of snow build-up, there by saving time, money and space.
A new device for new kinds of apps. A small box accessible from any device anywhere in the world designed to make life easier!
FPS game with gun-shaped controler gives you the best playing experiences,compatible with mobile devices and PC
S-M-A-R-T will be the first device in the history of Social Media which gives access to users, to update their profiles, while offline.
USB powered ecofriendly! HDMI ASTC-TV remote controlled HD 1080i/p compatible 16:9 ratio, - Cables included.
Omnimark LED, a manufacturer of LED light bulbs offering a focus on cost saving and energy conservation for an upcoming generation.
Exhaust Ventilator / Compressed Air System (EVCAS) is a device that saves energy and increases the performance of your car!
Dear Kickstarters users, don’t worry – we’ll surely be back on Monday with a little surprise for you! :)
Your open-source visual, portable guitar teacher. Tabber guides you to play the guitar by lighting up the notes you need to play.
Adjust or correct the tone of your guitar using two knobs built directly into the pickup. Offered as a drop-in humbucker replacement.
The Cozy finally allows you to tame your radiator, smartphone app included. Radiator heat: Welcome to the connected home.
Pivot is an electronic platform  enabling skaters to learn, share, develop games, and connect in new ways.
Revolutionizing the way you play... on digital touch screens, on paper and on game boards.
Never leave your guitar behind again. FretPen is a super portable wireless practice instrument! STAY TUNED!
"I've never felt so immersed in a gaming experience" - Curse Entertainment
Nimble Sense is a breakthrough depth sensing camera that captures your hands for VR input. Optimized for the Oculus Rift, but flexible.
We expand the touch area outside your smartphone, a social game controller.
Vuact Action Capture records video and sensor data and puts the data on the video timeline. You get insight into your performance.
Help us build the first batch of our "RIVERLUTIONARY" turbine and give a helping hand to people living without electricity.
The GIF/Cinemagraph, digital photography/illustration/painting, information-as-art canvas that we have been waiting for.  Canviz is.
PC gaming device with full customizabiliy, modular design, ViviTouch® HD feedback and true analog movement.
Ranchers worry just like parents, HerdDogg monitors livestock even when the cow's out of sight or out messing around in the pasture!
A toy & app for anyone to learn to code: electronic building blocks + drag-and-drop code blocks. Lego meets the Internet of Things!
Keeps your bike secure. Unlocks in less than a second. Slides on and off easily. Let's you share your bike with friends.
A smart home gym using resistance bands. Automatically track your workout, analyze your progress, and do it in style.
Smart home sensing made easy and affordable. Improve your health with Beagle sensors placed throughout your home.
A totally new building blocks style keyboard.
Take Care of Your Plants! Daisy allows plants to talk to mobile devices and communicate their needs to stay in optimum health.
World’s first wireless preset and expression controller: Bluetooth control of all your favourite MIDI units, stompboxes and amplifiers
The Neobase turns the concept of a social network upside down, shifting the balance of ownership, control, and privacy back to users
Truly immersive underwater virtual reality headset for everyone. Discover VR like you never seen before and join Project Nautilus VR
kSafe is a smart, connected, lockable safe that only opens when your goals have been achieved.
The Wolfe allows high-performance gaming, virtual reality, graphic design, and video-editing for laptops - especially MacBooks.
Put real objects in the digital world! Turn any tabletop into a musical instrument, bring boardgames to life and more with Oak.
Just snap your fingers to mute & replace TV ads with your favorite apps & smartphone content while keeping an eye on your show!
The Totem is a premium developer kit with unique features and plenty of onboard horsepower to experience immersive and engaging VR.
A set of playful electronic blocks, designed for makers of all ages and skill levels to quickly design and prototype amazing creations.
Little Robot Friends are cute, expressive characters that make learning electronics and code both fun and rewarding.
Intuitive light presets that are based on the latest scientific research. Better sleep, sight, mood. Health is the future of lighting.
With the world's smartest cooking system - induction cooktop, multi-sensor probe & app - anyone can cook top restaurant quality meals
Don't throw away that AA battery!  It still has up to half the power inside it. Suck out the rest of that power and reuse it instead!
Spectrum I2C Expansion Board -  
Add Sensors, 
Add Memory, 
Add Display, 
Add Lights,
And More!
A revolutionary USB charger! The innovative PowerTaP USB puts the charger where you actually use it. Say farewell  to the wall charger!
Universal I/O and power supply card for Raspberry PI. Up to 13 Analog, Digital or pulse Inputs, 8 Digital 1A Outputs, RS232, CAN, AHRS
The Green Bike Store lowering the collective carbon footprint & increasing people's lifespans with a new E-Bike Project.
Affordable Turning Tools For the Common Man
The FUZEBOX makes coding accessible, fun and relevant on laptops, PCs, Raspberry Pi, tablets & phones using Windows, Android & Mac.
Model planes (40+) draw words and make patterns through automated control. Telemetry system from computer vision will be open-source.
USB-C: Get your ports back and double the battery life of your Apple MacBook. Support the Omni Smart Case today!
Crownstone, the smart power outlet that recognizes you and your devices
A cooperative way for families to manage technology at home.
ShoeHaiku sensors slip into a pair of shoes and detect walking, running & jumping - this generates mouse moves and key-strokes via USB.
Educational toys and games that combine digital and hands-on play to develop coding, cognitive, social and motor skills for ages 3+
Macs have had magnetic laptop power connectors for years - they're called MagSafe. However, PC laptops don't - at least, not until now.
We're creating an eco-friendly iPhone 4 case made of hemp fiber and naturally derived epoxy material that is fully customizeable.
Experience a new type of charger! One that allows Cloud Charge Software with a user friendly interface, and is V2G compatible,
Our device helps you better retain your customers by broadcasting your custom mobile App to their phone offering your local deals
Introducing the world’s first Smart Headphones with a built-in WiFi Music Player that plays any music, anytime, anywhere.
The Golfjams bluetooth speaker is designed for use on the golf course. This is designed to easily attach to the golf cart down post.
It is with a heavy heart that we have to cancel this project. We'll try again soon! Thanks for your support.
The First iPhone Case with a Universally Adjustable Stand!  So Lightweight and Convenient You Can Take It Anywhere.
Exilong senses when your plants need water and irrigates them autonomously, reducing your water usage up to 75%!
Electronic snow village billboard - add personal electronic messages to your snow village.
Sleek, adjustable, ergonomic, light weight, multi-functional handheld iPad Case paired with Floor Stand designed for comfort and ease.
First true Natural Interface-(NI)-Controller for your home! Control any TV, lights, thermostat, etc. with only body gestures and voice.
The Fling is a desktop catapult made entirely of carbon fiber reinforced epoxy that is able to hurl small objects over 80 feet.
Halcyon is better lighting. Halcyon is the first true multi user, whole home wireless lighting solution that is better for you.
DUET is a sleek, light weight, multi-functional handheld iPad case, paired with floor stand designed for comfort and ease.
A True Hi-Definition Wireless Video Interface Designed For Gaming
A hand held 7 inch color touch screen remote control for all of your infrared devices and home automation needs.
I have Designed and Engineered a Magnetic Engine that does not use fossil fuels!!!
The ultimate tool for input automation!
The unique & easy way to keep your scuba diving memories. Enjoy an amazing scuba dive log on your smartphone and tablet - without a PC.
Nydeum Sense is a one-handed keyboard and mouse with a new digital alphabet. A revolutionary input tool for computers and smart TVs.
The Feeling Skin is the first smart battery-case for iPhone. More than that, it's a social object that offers a wonderful experience.
First external graphics card dedicated to MacBook. Make your favourite computer as good as gaming PC.
Get the 5 Volt power your devices crave from just about any source: solar panels, batteries, laptop bricks, wall adapters.
Meet DaVi - an automated device that simply slides into your blinds and let’s you open and close them with your phone!
Shoot breathtaking low-light photos and videos on your iPhone. Straps on like a case - lights up like a professional ring light.
The Monster Shield Night Light: A smart night light and app.
The Tap2Pass 2.0 receiver enables you to open or close your garage door or automatic gate with your smartphone and accompanying app.
Set music on fire with an all-in-one outdoor entertainment system featuring Bluetooth speakers, LED lights, reactive flames, and more.
We designed a unique tool to remove the stubborn mortar (thinset) that holds tiles to the floor.
Experience the next generation smart home system integrating universal remote control, indoor locating, and intelligent learning.
The world's most simple, portable and compact solar system. // El sistema fotovoltaico más simple, portátil y compacto del mundo.
The MorphCase VoIP Adapter adds the iPhone Speaker and Microphone to the iPod Touch for Free Wi-Fi calling with any VoIP App.
Help create the triangle tablet so you have something to do while you are curled up in your nook next to the fire.
A 32" Android powered school desk designed for those with learning, motor, and intellectual disabilities.
TV and monitor add-on that projects light at the background of your screen in real-time, creating an awesome light effect.
(mi)Display is the worlds first completely modular head mounted wearable.. think of it as Project Ara meets Google Glass..
Our latest Desktop CNC Coil Winder is ideal for anyone who needs to produce small quantity runs of coils or a custom one-off coil.
Zac is a home automation box with a raccoon hologram that lets you voice control your house, improve your security and save energy
Software Defined Radio with optional CDD extension in the future
Come back soon
Test and improve your drone's performances through this breaking new, state-of-the-art, hi-tech device.
A stylish, innovative gel pad phone charger.  These attach to the back of any cover or phone and allow you to charge on the go.
A low-cost, easy to use color LCD touch screen computer with WiFi connectivity to the Internet.
Now, for the first time, a solution for color blind people to enjoy increased color perception in full color movies and sports on TV
First ARDUINO compatible PLC in 3 different sizes - perfect for your next project where a little bit more than driving a LED is needed.
The Aithon board is a fully integrated microcontroller board with a 32-bit ARM Cortex-M4 and a powerful, easy to use software library.
Easy and affordable Plug-in and Go technology helps you Save, Automate and Monitor in your smart home.
A True 21st Century Motosport Towable - Full Modular Design, able to be used behind most Motorcycles, Quads, and other types of ATVs.
The Floating Pickup allows an electric guitar to make sound in a whole new way.  Bounce the guitar while playing to make it go BONNG
Do all the things laptop can do, however with more flexibilities to share information, enjoy happiness and produce fantastic light
Design your own wallet with Wonder Wallet. With integrated smart functions and E-paper display, Wonder Wallet is the first of its kind!
Three Sprays + Infrared Control + Water-Powered + LED + Water Saving
An infant seat that alerts parents that a child is still in the seat of a vehicle using bluetooth and OBDII technology.
A development project for automated cold-brew coffee technology...creating the "espresso machine" for cold-brew.
Moband is a universal remote which brings the best magical interactive experience that controls all infrared appliances with MOTIONS!
Storage, Revolutionized. KUFF stores content like music and videos with patent pending resistant technologies you take wherever you go.
We are designing - manufacturing the worlds first Modular Drone. We will use your pledges to make a prototype.
Coolnado - Hardware designed to cool and dry PC and Console Gamer's sweaty hands. Great for extended computer use as well!
A low-noise cost-effective bench top solder fume extractor with a practical form factor in a variety of attractive colours.
Tango, a TechCrunch Battlefield finalist 30, does to PCs what iPod® did to music. Puts the Windows Gameable PC in your pocket !
A portable computer case that lets you keep all your high end hardware and still be ready to move when the need arises.
Home automation device that learns your schedule and reduces your electric bill.
The RadCam 2-axis handheld robotic stabilization system powered by 2 brushless motors, designed specifically for the GoPro Hero 3 & 3+
Qube is a smart low cost outage and temperature sensor device that can provide immediate local alerts and data all around the world.
A 30000mah High Capacity Laptop/Qi Wireless/USB Multiple Device Charger Battery Pack.
Our exciting new Pi-powered computer powers up curious kids to make games, gadgets & control robots. For kids, for creating, for fun.
μGO removes the shackles of limited hard drive space by giving mobile devices the ability to access data from external SD cards
Type on the move with a rear-facing keyboard in a stylish and adaptable designer cross-body bag.
GO!Box | The World's Only, Affordable, Smart Phone Controlled, Hand Held, Gyro-Stabilized GoPro® Mount. No More Shaky Videos EVER!
MakerToolkit Extrusion - easy to use and affordable construction system for makers
Meet Miraffe, the world’s best all-knowing magic mirror
Payload is up to 5 LBS or 2.27 KG (-equivalent of six 12 ounce containers). Best value in terms of $ / Pound.
Meet the new SISWOO R9 Darkmoon! Equiped with a 5.2” Full FHD IPS Front screen and an E-ink display on its rear.
Celebrating Nikola Tesla's Bday by building a safe, rugged, artistic & high performance Tesla Coil for the Modern Age, and beyond
I heard that there was once a time when cellphone free electronics stores competed for the business of hackers, tinkerers and students.
ChargeDrive is the world's most versatile phone accessory. It's a Phone Charger Cable, Flash Drive, and Tripod Mount all in one.
iPhone bluetooth accessory . Retrieves and displays important emails and calendar events – KeyFinder – USB flash drive – all in one!
Personal communication device that lets distant loved ones communicate at the touch of a HEART. Put together the kit then d/l the app!
This is a super clean design/prototype that can compete with $2000 amps in its' class. The goal is to make it even cleaner and smaller.
Motix™ gives you control of your computer, laptop and tablet without touching your screen, or taking your hands off the keyboard.
Express yourself on the road as easily and as frequently as you tweet or update your Facebook status!
The WUPI valve is a simple product for a complicated problem. With the WUPI valve the average household can save 1,300 gallons per year
The first Product on the market to turn your 2DTV into a 3DTV!
EasyBulb Plus is an innovative, multi-colour, energy-saving light bulb that you control with your, iPhone, iPad or Android device.
Always pay the best price on the market when you buy hardware, software or peripherals by comparing prices at Custom Geek!
A gaming controller for the iPhone 4 is overdue. This is a highly demanded product, but nobody has been able to deliver. Now is the time.
Tinkathing stimulates creativity and innovative thinking while teaching basics in programming, electronics and mechanics.
Llamaponics, The only plug and play affordable hydroponics system. Wifi enabled, check the status and control from anywhere.
Thank you for innovating with us! You provided clarity on style, features and functionality that you value. We will modify & return
Harness the energy that surrounds us using the power of the pendulum. ArcSling converts kinetic energy into electricity.
The next generation of premium quality LED floodlighting. Extreme power efficiency in a very compact, slimline housing.
Patent Pending Surface Marker for Throwers. Enables accurate measurements, creates safety for spotter and athletes can now train alone.
Meet elephant door™ portable smart security device. Install in seconds, sacre off robber before he eneters your place, control via app
The STiGR-F1 Is A Formula Wheel Display Module That Displays Real-Time Parameters From Racing Simulations And Video Games.
I'm 19 and have a YouTube channel that I'm passionate about and I would love for this to turn into a Full Time job! I need help!
Energy Harvesting, Device Powering, Tour Enabled, Virtual Reality-Enhanced Stationary Exercise Bike Machine.
WE HAVE ADDED NEW FEATURES AND FUNCTIONS TO THE MASTER KEYS PRO AND WE WILL BE CLOSING THIS PITCH AND STARTING A NEW ONE IN A FEW DAYS
Artificial Intelligence
.
A breakthrough in glasses-free 3D depth of field, resolution and brightness in a 27-inch display with 3D pro performance specs.
Wayne’s Eco-Venture Boat
Wayne has been building a 75’ or 23m Schooner for the past 25 years. Funds are needed to complete the Boat.
Your LEGO® or FischerTechnik® creations, not just remote controlled, even responsive and automated
V-Pack is a rechargeable voltage source with and adjustable positive and negative voltage outputs.
Contralize - Control - Optimize. The first baseboard-friendly energy-management thermostat. Your connected home just got warm and cozy.
Capacitive touch built right into your headphone cable, with an elegant and one-of-a-kind design aesthetic. Featured at CES 2013.
The Jed Board is an electric longboard featuring all wheel drive, traction control and our virtually maintenance free Jed Drive™.
Animation is a tricky business, and one is only as strong as their computer. To be the best, one must have the best.
Vapor powered pumps provide water  for irrigation, families, farm animals and crops  around the Globe and prevent drought and famine.
The open source Raspberry Pi2 platform, ready for your next wish.
Hardware to improve mobile phone signal strength & software to direct you to the nearest signal when you have none.
Introducing Checker, a revolutionary new way to keep your personal things safe. You can use it almost anywhere, peace of mind for $30.
Combining a computer and desk to produce an affordable, stylish & beautiful 21st century hybrid space saver.
Isn't it a little silly, that with all this technology in our pockets; your car alarm doesn't text you when it goes off?
UV One is an Android media device for your large screen TV. Control any app with any iOS or Android device.  Supports output up to 4K.
Vivogrow Herb Pot is a plant-driven automatic watering system that can turn anyone into a farmer. No electricity or daily watering.
A SMART CASE FOR YOUR SMART PHONE. It's a wallet, carry case, kickstand, lighted mirror and more.
New type of wiring kits for guitars that install without soldering and lets you make tonal adjustments to achive the best sound from it
Chill will alert you when your favorite beer is ready to drink!  Visual and audible alarms and an LCD screen guide the cooling process.
Solves an old problem; rotate plugs & large chargers 180° on this wall socket; simple, unique, reliable & durable design;  USB charger
StreamStick, a streaming stick that pulls your subscription and personal cloud accounts into a customized TV user experience!
A super tough, affordable Camping Power System for 4x4s, RVs, caravans and boats. Explore more of the great outdoors with Vertex.
An attempt at remaking the drive mechanisms for the three axises on a Reprap out of printed parts instead of pulleys and timing belts.
Enhance your wearable projects with these area LEDs that generate soft ambient glowing colors.
Help me put into production solar-powered color-changing holiday lights. 
LifeBand is a high-tech ankle support connected to your smartphone that allows you to supervise the people you care for.
We seek to create a relatively low cost, crowd-sourced and easy to set up home and small business server for data backup and sharing!
Customize your smartphone with modular backplates, adding new and exciting functions. Monitor your health and wellbeing.
I have plenty of chargers. But I  lose the cables. So here’s my idea: let’s  built the cables into the battery.
Fight back against criminals using SmartWater® traceable liquid, activated from your smart device. A police proven, powerful deterrent.
Turn any phone or computer into a wireles universal remote. Use the IR Universal Smart Hub to control as many devices as you want.
NEED BATTERIES? Bat Sub is an essential BACK-UP power source for every home/travel for when you have a dead battery, or none.
The whole idea of the project is to show people that it is possible to recycle things as large as cars
The worlds first PRIMARY electric home heating system that can be ran off grid, uses 1/2 the power and achieves gas temperatures!
MiConsole Delivers action packed 3D Gaming and Home Entertainment in your Living Room, and MiTab while on the go.
HydraDock Roadie pocket hub. World's only fully standards compliant USB 3.1 credit card size USB-C hub for the 12 inch MacBook.
Connected app device with optional 3.2" display for VW, Audi and VW Group vehicles. GPS tracker, fuel log, lap timer and much more.
The Faces Of Our Heroes Should Be Remembered Eternally. 
Now-Link Their Head Stone To Something More Telling.
Their Life. Their Story
Share your life instantly from your point-of-view. Weloop glasses stream live through your phone to your friends, family, and the world
Introducing the Bi-Cord, a simple and durable cord that will allow you to charge 2 devices at the same time!
Touch based Switches & Dimmers with connectivity using WiFi /Z-wave /Zigbee. Intelligent, Elegant, Solid state switches
viRaCube is the first automatic garden watering system that finds the optimal water volume when watering your garden.
Fold Away Tablet Holder - Kitchen mount your tablet, surf the net, watch TV, Skype 
Extension arm options or mount just like a picture!
The Ultimate iPad (and Android) Arcade Machine  It features video out, a built in projector, built in speakers, sweet art, and turbo!
Gas cans glug, spill, smell, & often overfill. Get a Surecan®, the greenest red gas can money can buy. Start, stop, never spill a drop!
Globis Charging Station solves your cable mess while quickly charging up to 6 devices. Over-engineered safety systems keep you safe.
The goal is to get at least 1000 backers to make the first Remotte. Remotte also works for your smartphone, tablets and other devices.
Kasia is the first affordable smart home system. Make worrying about forgotten lights and laundry a thing of the past.
Micore fitness is a new tech based system, introducing interactive measurement and tailored instructions to the home workout.
provide lowest cost LED modules to lighting industry and eventually to homes and work spaces. Promote our “World Lamp” concept
WriteCase is a plug and play wired iPad keyboard folio that does not require charging or Bluetooth.  Your iPad powers the keyboard.
The VANA Pyramid shows basic videos with holograms.
eFlip - by Tonal Innovation - is a device that allows musicians to use their phones and tablets on and off the marching field.
Haiti Communitere is building a new workshop and training center to develop, build and extend open-source technologies in Haiti.
Easily Amplify the sound output of your iPhone by up to 300% with no battery or electricity.
IGBLOO IS A SUPER-HIGH-QUALITY BLUETOOTH MUSIC-STREAMING RECEIVER FOR YOUR NON-BLUETOOTH SOUND SYSTEM
We want to make a package so anyone can make a drone with LEGO® Bricks. Get kids and parents a head start on upcoming technology
The most advanced mobile gaming controller!
On the biggest gaming platform!
For the most popular gaming genre!
LOOK connects you with family, friends, and interests, by streaming high definition pictures into your home.
"Linux for Windows People" It's like a few PC's in one, you get some booting Linux systems on your keychain! *HELP US RELAUNCH!*
A music playback system that can be accessed with a URL on any device. Finally a great way to enjoy music together.
The Power2Go is a battery powered mobile generator delivering 1800 watts of silent power when and where you need it.
This project will allow those with creative spirits to make customized computer mice.
kidRunner - The first high performance, multi-terrain kid jogger. Lightweight, safe and beautiful. Bring back the joy of running!
How will people paint their homes in the future? This product is where it all begins!
Revolutionary seating integrates rotational movement sensors, connectors, and a uATX PC you build for hands free motion control in VR.
Capture the action from all angles with this new lens which is compatible with GoPro cameras & others to give 360 interactive viewing.
Charger & multilevel Design solution to combat cable chaos – 8 different mobile devices can charge up at once and in one place 12Ampere
Using genetic algorithms, novel and unique reactor designs have been developed, with orders of magnitude better performance than before
RoboTar plays chords while you strum.  You control chord changes with a foot pedal.  For singers, those with disabilities or for fun!
Staggering design packed with great sound. Works with iPhone, Android, Windows Phones and other Bluetooth enabled devices
We're raising funds for The Egg; your Personal Web Server for all your digital stuff that you care about and want to share selectively.
Open source computer for kids
A Tripod mounted FAA compliant Drone tether system that can be used in the United Stated professionally for UAV aerial photography.
A proven open-source 3D printer that is fast, elegant, precise, and affordable.
Vibrato Ultrasonic Equipment
Professional Cleaning Technology 
Now Available For You
Konso gives everyone the choice to save water and money with the turn of the handle. Fits any kitchen sink, bathroom basin, shower/tub.
Aquanta installs onto your existing water heater, converting it from a dumb energy consumer to a smart, energy saver.
Camalo, short for camouflage and logo, is a new cookware company revolutionizing the way to cook.  Specializing in team/company logo's.
Protean is a reactive, RGB screen, mechanical gaming keyboard that allows each key to be completely customised by you.
UnoSWU switches on by applying a low voltage e.g. from an Arduino board. The embedded USB supply can  act as power source.
Secondary tooling and sourcing for MakerSlide Open Hardware for the creation of open source robotics and automation projects.
Art meets science in this sculpture showing off a levitating cube requiring no power source.
A lot of people have been talking about smart-light control with Bluetooth. We’ve done it.
Mount and protect your video game consoles with our sleek low profile wall mounts.
Open application FPGA based LED controller and modular full color LED panels.
Capturing information about exact movements, speed, acceleration, temperature, spO2, altitude & heart rate reading  20 times a second.
A remote reminder, a mobile enabled photo frame, a sharable calendar, a private family blog center and a mobile gadget all in one.
No more falling shower curtains
A California based startup making fully street-legal kit cars, focused on low weight and high performance handling.
The I.C.T.S. is an individual cloth towel dispenser I invented to help to reduce or eliminate paper towel waste. Save trees and Money!
Equip your vehicle with Brainiac's concept car technology including data logging, infotainment, automation and community connectivity
We are here to prove that electrical transportation can be practical, cool, stylish and affordable! A new way to look at el. bicycles!
Case for the Rasbperry PI + RIO extension card, resulting in a sleek, IO-rich embedded computer for robot navigation and automation
I am tired of paying crazy money to buy a pre-made comp every few years, as I'm sure most of you are. I want to build one from scratch.
Project no longer available on kickstarter.
First wireless mixed reality (VR & AR in one) headset that requires NO phone, NO computer, priced under $300 including two controllers.
The VDRIVE ESD is a breakthrough power conditioning and energy storage technology that will revolutionize the electric grid.
The technology is here! End the misery of the beautiful fish and turtles in the poorly cleaned aquariums!
Droplit gives you control of your smart home devices from one easy-to-use remote or app
The MakrToolbox Mk1 is an easy to assemble, low cost, open source 3d printer kit. It has a 6in x 6in x 6in build area.
Fully automated, soil-based, energy efficient growing environment that allows you to grow anything, anywhere.
INTELLACASE  is the smartest phone case on the market --
Merges Smartphone and Car Key -- Yet Keeps Them Separate
HangLoose is a magnetic Lightning Cable that charges your iPhone / iPad while preventing it from beeing torn down at any time!
The Blocks Camera is the first multi-functional, high-performing camera which is highly adaptable to many different activities!
Build and deploy the first ever full-scale wave energy conversion buoy using the concept of a self-winding watch.
Nano Heated Mug that keeps your hot beverages at the ideal drinkable temperature for 45 mins and keeps charge for 7+ refills
The Keyforall is a smart lock that uses the Cloud to make it simple to access, manage, and track the door to your home.
Audio Award-Winning Voix, are proud to introduce to you, their latest Wireless Bluetooth Sound System The 'mi8'. #mi8speakers
A premium-quality telephoto lens kit for the iPhone 3g/3gs/4
MultiDesk Smart Height Adjustable Workstation. The desk remembers users preferences and automatically adjusts to their height.
GameShortcuT: Stream all your PC's GAMES on any tv  in the room of your choice, no tranfers, wireless, and plug and play
Imagine getting organized once, STAYING ORGANIZED forever! The EZStudRack System works in garages, sheds, pantries,closets, etc.
A innovative effective one stroke Shaver. Are you tired of seeing commercials that show people shaving on a smooth face... so are we.
We hold a solution to a global problem – a natural solution for oil pollution!
The stylish and innovative way to add storage memory to your MacBook. Easy to use and Powerfully Attractive!
Please see Update # 1! Organize and protect all your Computer Memory Devices - Outside of Your Computer
A cycle trainer that recreates a ride as close to reality as achievable for each individual.
Introducing Portable Alkaline Water Bottles– The Easiest Way to Make Mineral-Rich Alkaline Water Anywhere, Anytime!
ORA delivers truly immersive sound for your iPad. The powerful sound your iPad deserves—in a beautifully crafted, go-anywhere design.
Sometimes  "THIS STUDIO"'s digital studio starts to look like a demented Octopus, this can cause delays which can be very expensive.
I want to create a device to hold all of your compact discs in one location. The discs can be accessed by category and title.
I am trying to make my garage brand spanking new for my vidya game tournament and I need your help asap!!!
Contained alpha particles for sustained power to homes, businesses, phones, cars, remotes for years with no harmful side effects.
ECM is a technique to generate energy/electricity via electrons/ions and gravity. Get a t-shirt to support around this technology.
we have a lot of parking payment station on our city, why cannot insert on same hw a connection able to recharge an e-vehicle?
Lumyt is first and only fully upgradable laptop and brings what others can't offer. You won't have to buy another one after lumyt.
USBFUSE All-In-One Magnetic Case with USB Charging Cable.
New method for fuel-free generation of a reliable, base load electricity supply. Zero emissions, low cost and utterly reliable.
Branch is an integrated Macbook hub that provides a USB Type-C port, two USB 3.0 ports, a Mini Display port & optional 64 GB 
Storage.
NEW PATENTABLE ENERGY GENERATING DESIGN FOR TRADITIONAL WINDMILLS! A WINDMILL ON A SOLAR CONE BASE!
I have an idea to change how mobile phones and cars link together.
I need to get software developers and creative design team.
Computational research on non-invasive techniques for blood-glucose monitoring of diabetic patients through molecular dynamics.
Discard the keyboard. We have created a new breakthrough product that brings a totally new perspective to computer control.
These low cost devices stand to revolutionize electricity in our society and across the planet. Clean pure energy without the bill!
Give the Amiga hardware a new life! Build them again, improve, develop and make it a community device.
Vintage to Modern brings the art of old computers to modern technology. The system of your choice made practical again for modern use.
We are creating the world's first automatic vacuum-based pest control device!
It is a Lithium-powered air filter. It produces 20%min. less DIESEL
consumption-full load trucks. Less Pollution,ready for marketing
Un VTT qui va révolutionner le monde du cycle bientôt vous aurez la possibilité de piloter ce bolide avec un prix de 200 € maximum
Bienvenue!
A dawn simulation light that wakes you better than an alarm clock. Modern, elegant, smart, and, it also helps you get better sleep!
Join our 225 Family Team and HELP US Become the NEW Clean Reliable and Affordable Energy of the World. GRAVITY IS ALWAYS ON!
TALK TO THE EXHIBITORS INTERACTIVE AT A TRADE FAIR FACE TO FACE WITH THE IPAD SHOULDERHOLDER VIA LIVE CONFERENCE WITH LTE CONNECTION
h2x reinvents the classic tumbler by combining elegance and tech in one solid package.
Now more than ever in a post 9-11 world, security locks with a key are no longer acceptable.  One touch instant lock down is!
NEVER LOSE OR DROP YOUR PHONE!
STRONG RETRACTABLE 20in CORD.
ADJUSTABLE TO ALL PHONES UP to 8.5cm WIDE.
GO TO youtube VIDEO link ==>
Providing specialized greenhouses for the medical cannabis industry.
ECM is a technique to generate energy/electricity via electrons/ions and gravity. Get some nice stuff and support this technology.
A Ring-less Piston design with a flexible seal which will replace the conventional metal rings,for all Internal combustible engines.
Prepare to be surprised. This simple invention saves at least 11.5% of your heating bills. Warm up faster, turn the boiler off sooner
The ultimate all in one package: video and drone control Integrated Circuit (IC), leading up to a product smaller than a penny!
A project dedicated to providing a free clean water to those in need.
Worked with technology all my life and never been able to test the best of the best myself. Videos of entire process will be posted!
This is a handy tool man's knife.
Make payments anywhere, quickly, securely and easily using your fingerprint as ID!
DELETE THIS PROJECT PLEASE
Protect your screen whilst protecting yourself from prying eyes.

The Ghost is available for Apple and select Android devices.
Increase engine performance and causes fuel consumption decrease of 25% - 40% . Great for production of heating and cooling
The Tech words needs a revolution when it comes to the movies. The Online Cinema is what it says. Bringing the cinema to your home.
With PAO, you can walk,run,jump and crouch in the game.And you can use it with PC,TV Box, and other platform.
Illuminate your work area with the incredible light able screwdriver and shine light on you work perimeter when light is minimal.
Thermal composite siding the idea is to create a siding that not only protects from rain but also insulates
Meet IntelliQuit. The world’s 1st smart smoking biomonitor.  IntelliQuit is for smokers what an alcohol breath monitor is for drinkers.
I need to Upgrade my PC for upcoming Games, and to record more videos for my YouTube channel.
Amazing new LED lights that make your life easier, reduce your impact on the environment, and save you tons of money!
A plastic/hardened-glass keyboard with touch feature.
You can choose how it will look, with a switch on a button.
A secure private WiFi network that fits in your pocket, providing a collaborative environment off of the Internet grid!
Learn-to-hack robots kit specifically designed for beginner and intermediate software developers.
Perfectly golden and crispy rice. At the push of a button. Every time!
The ONLY rice cooker in the world with a designated fry mode!
Our auto-adaptive technology can turn anyone into a farmer and waters just like nature. No daily watering, batteries or electricity.
The new Titan computer fits into the palm of your hand, and is ready to use right out of the box! Get yours today!
inkID is the fast, secure and affordable way to manage your online passwords.
Que ferait un Geek sans son pc ? Serait-il réduit au suicide par strangulation avec un câble USB ? Participez au sauvetage !
Wireless Bluetooth Version of the iheadbones Bone Conduction Earbud Alternative
Expand Your iPhone, iPad, iPod & Android storage. Wirelessly share your photos, movies and music with all of your friends & family!!!
Don't Bin It, Flip It, with flipcords™ - The Only True Lifetime Warranty Cord for Apple Lightning and Android Micro USB devices.
MiiBeast - Bluetooth Speaker and Stand in its most advance form ever which changes how you use your Tablets and SmartPhones every day.
Turn your iPod into an iPhone with FREE 4G wireless internet and cut your cell phone bill 100% every month!
Wi-Fi + Teapot = wiPot =) Revolutionary teapot.
The current smallest possible motherboard is the FlexATX board. We bring the Atom ITXwith a size of 199x161mm board.
The world's thinnest high-capacity portable external battery for smartphones with ultra-light aluminum case and premium color coating.
Solar Powered Lighter/Fire Starter. Great Survival Tool!
computer got fried completely, parts got burned severely from a power surge(built it 5 years ago). I am planning on building a new one.
TorFi is an Ethernet and 802.11 b/g/n router, using off-the-shelf parts, that uses the Tor® network to anonymize Internet traffic.
Impend 360 Swirl Edition is your keyboard a Swirl* away.
I want to made a 3 free libraries in my city of Woodridge, IL 
I am asking little more because I want to buy many good books.
Full of Fuel charges multiple devices, over and over again with a single charge. Light weight and elegant design.
Qlock is a simple smart padlock, you only need to download our iOS or Android app. No keys. Just your smart Phone
A new and fun way to save your music, photos, or videos!!
Hello I am doing Youtube for living as it down to my mental health stops me working . So what I like is funding for Gaming equipment
simplify instant plug in tape filtration system, small portable & plugs into any tape in or out of your home instantly, for clean water
Your Embedded Cameras may NEVER BE OFF! You just don't know! Well, with the TCG PRIVACY Shield You DO!
Protect YOUR Loved ones TODAY!
Nimbus 2.0 Intelligent Towel Rack : Finding a way to smart your shower.
An invention that will help everyone stay even safer in today's crazy world!
No need to remember password. Logon PC, access online services automatically securely, no keyboard entry + Your Application Licence Key
We have not just miniaturized the multimeter, we have reinvented by adding an adjustable organic LED (OLED), and much more!
A "cross-over" drone with traditional controller for cinematography or smartwatch control for hands-free flight for action sports.
Imagine a world in which everything you see through a glass becomes an HD pic or video .You just say "cheese". 
Share your memories!
I am looking to build a decent PC for Uni and gaming use, I will be doing some coding and web design, I guess every little helps :D
No Buttons or Apps. Touch to change Mode & Brightness! Smart, Cordless, Simple, 360º 3D Adjustable; Indoors or Outdoors... Anywhere!
My technology is capable of  manufacturing 60+ elements, produces electricity and has by-products of ozone and clean water.
A smartphone virtual reality headset without breaking the bank or papercuts. Claim your VUDE VR headset and see reality without limits.
This project wants to build the best and cheapest Usb Typ C 3.1 Hub of all time.
YouLoox is truly impressive holographic computer that integrates the physical world with virtual Universe of Things.
Dual Screen Smartphone!!  The front screen of the 5.0” Siam 7X is a full HD screen, and the back is an 4.7”  E-ink display
Never worry about forgetting your charger or finding an outlet in public. This mobile device will charge in your pocket...on WiFi.
Newest Trend in Drinking for 2015; Without the Calories, No Hangovers and a Faster Buzz
MagCable is the best model for next generation smart charging
