We've found that our Musical bench brings people together. Those who experience the sensation of creating music based on human contact.
Learning Lab 360 is a curriculum based virtual reality media library brought to students at their school via a mobile learning lab.
Working with the Town of Purcellville, we will convert the Old Town Shop into a makerspace for the community
My project is a community Maker Space.
32 Bit Digital I/O Card
StageFusion puts artistry and community into the invention of an open-source MIDI instrument for live electronic dance music. (EDM)
Show the experience of riding on the best roller coasters in the world being safe without risk of vertigo and without leaving home
Through our programs, we want to help our future inventors, engineers, architects and artists that will shape our future world.
We are creating a kid-friendly design workshop for creative collaborations and a fun learning experience. Invent to Learn! #makerspace
Prishtina Hackerspace is a community-operated creative lab in Kosovo—Europe's newest country.
LA Makerspace needs 3D Printers, a Laser Cutter, and Open Project Time for Members to Innovate.
Our Pop Ups will assist children in creating and learning new things. We aim to inspire innovation, creativity, and entrepreneurship.
SpaceLab needs more space, 3D printers, a lathe, and a better place for our community to learn.
PreFAB transforms San Diego's former CSI Lab into a Creative Space Inspiring co-workers, pop-up retailers, event planners & mentors.
We can turn LA public libraries into hubs of innovation for kids and adults, by training librarians to teach science, tech and art
danger!awesome is an open-access laser cutting, laser engraving, and 3D printing workshop in the heart of Central Square, Cambridge.
A Saturday program where kids can learn CS through building projects with the support of seasoned educators and technologists
Ayúdanos a construir el hackerspace más grande de México. Un espacio colaborativo impulsado completamente por la comunidad
I'm a high-schooler teaching creative problem-solving (Design Thinking) to kids in areas of need using a maker-truck full of supplies!
A box of cool projects every month, shipped directly from our shop to your mailbox.  Open it, build it, take it apart.  Make something!
A place in the Calgary Public Library for people to explore technology and engage in hands-on learning.
We provide space, equipment, and classes to enable members & the surrounding community to explore both their creativity and curiosity.
Bringing our local community new technologies for all ages, within our new nursery and education centre whilst supporting extra needs.
Pour rendre la création d’entreprise accessible à tous, nous voulons proposer des bureaux et ateliers à Paris pour 99 € par mois !
We are setting up a Makerspace in Cumming, GA. Our goal is to foster learning, making, and sharing in a dynamic environment.
eTree is a tree made by solar panels which provides a place of comfort and energy for a variety of services : free WiFi, water,...
The world's first folding screen – connected! HD quality projection in the blink of an eye, your personal décor intact when not in use.
A circuit board and guide to programming electronic projects in Python on the Raspberry Pi.
A self sustaining project to kickstart a makerspace in Battle. Teach, Learn, Make. Get your design made and sold by us here in Sussex
TheHOUNDSZTOOTHx is a lifestyle brand building a library where free resources are provided to support those following their purpose.
HAMSTER: an idea formed over crepes that just might help build the Hive Learning Network in Los Angeles.
Defeat "teaching to the test" and sponsor my school.  I want to build a "Makerspace Program" at my school and need technology tools.
7 patents,16 x 45ft containers in back order, Own production: High Tech beer kegs to replace stainless steel kegs - product financing
Create a better environment for like minded individuals to pursue their dreams through the tools and information by this makerspace.
New Internet cafe in the heart of Downtown Detroit MI. Let's spread the word & make something good happen. #InternetDetroit
Grupo iFoMo es un equipo de emprendedores en diferentes sectores de la comunicación y las nuevas tecnologías.
An Experimental VR Work / Play Space
Anyone can change the world one brick at a time, but between us we can do it one wall at a time, lets start by building a Makerspace
The realization of a nonprofit music studio. An opportunity for anyone who lives and breathes for music.
TheHive - LA is to be Shared Affordable Office Space for young entreprenuers to promote Synergy, Creativity, Professionalism & Success
Squishy Circuits uses play dough to teach electrical circuits
Make tech & art projects with your friends & family in an epic space equipped with all the tools & resources you need to innovate.
Rhode Island's own celebration of New England innovation, ingenuity, and invention enters its sixth year.
Studio Cosplay is creating the first ever makerspace designed specifically for costuming in the Washington D.C. metro area.
MsComputerTeacher.com is a website that provides free digital art project tutorials to kids ages 9 and up! Get kids creating!
We are a collaborative makerspace offering access to tools, technology, & business support for innovators in Ghana.
Centrally-located community-oriented kid-friendly Makerspace! Mobile tinkering unit!  Tinkering for all!
Building the WonderLab, a vibrant, multi-disciplinary space where Falk students will learn by making things with their own hands
Help us build Oakland's grassroots Community Lab for biohacking and citizen science.
With a new makerspace and learning experiences, Kiski Area Upper Elementary is bridging STEM and the humanities with hands-on learning
Where young people get to Discover, Make & Create the future with world leading resources, innovations, ideas and people.
Help us expand the Nova Labs Makerspace in Northern Virginia so that many more people can rediscover the joy of making things!
UPDATE: We hit our goal!  
But the awesomeness isn't over - we have a stretch goal of $48,000- WAIT, MAKE THAT $55,000!
The Seventh Annual RI Mini Maker Faire returns to Providence on August 8, 2015. Help us make it happen!
We’re creating a space that supports making, collaboration, and innovation to ignite student interests and encourage lifelong success
True economic development comes from putting resources into the hands of the community one is trying to improve
The 8th Annual RI Mini Maker Faire returns on August 13. Get a sponsor badge or commemorative ticket to show your support at the faire!
Projet multimédia réalisé par sept étudiants. A travers notre jeu vidéo, vous découvrirez toutes les subtilités de l'image.
Mobile maker media lab + pop-up creativity classroom + innovation gallery: inspiring & educating thousands with technology
BerryIMU - An accelerometer, gyroscope and magnetometer which is specifically designed for the Raspberry Pi.
System on a chip (SOC) on a Raspberry Pi Hat
Low-cost, high quality reflow oven for surface-mount PCB assembly at home.  Get professional results consistently and reliably!
Recycle 300 used bicycles to Africa to help finance the first practical and affordable ENTIRELY SOLAR VEHICLE the Solar-E-Cycle.
An electronics enclosure with HMI ( I2C LCD and keypad) for projects with sensors and relays. 4 Arduino, Beaglebone, Raspberry Pi, MCU
Our makerspace group wants to make a Little Free Library. Ride, stroll, skate, walk up, then browse, pick a book, maybe leave one too!
Help us bring a Makerspace to Broomfield, CO!
Dorkpod is an Open Source DIY customizable urban personal electric vehicle kit. Flatpack design for easy ship. Add your personal flair.
A mobile makerspace that will assist children in learning through design and engineering. We are turning on creativity with technology!
STEAMLabs is a non-profit makerspace dedicated to empowering kids & adults to create and innovate. Dream it. Build it.
Essential improvements to prepare a new workshop space for children and families to build from their imaginations. #leomoves
CHIC will be a coworking hub in Chester providing a collaborative space for local small businesses to support and learn from each other
A stylish lounge that performs like an office.
Summer Camp is an old gas station that will have workshops, custom art framing, and carry vintage & home goods.
The Mini Maker is Lansing Michigan's new kid friendly makerspace. We're dedicated to help kids imagine, develop and build.
A cheap, versatile auxiliary screen for the Raspberry Pi!
We’ve built an incredible public space for makers, right in the heart of Manhattan. Now we’re making it 103% more awesome.
The city 1/2 shut us down, but we're going to reopen with a new dedicated conference space and design/maker lab.
Forge Arkansas & the City of Pocahontas are creating a fleet of Little Free Libraries. Ride or walk up, pick a book & maybe leave one.
A movement is changing the way we learn and work. Bring a Maker Space to Cairo, help support DIY culture and entrepreneurship!
ColumbusMakesIT brings Artisans, Educators, Tinkerers and Startups to collaborate and MAKE a Center for Creativity and Entrepreneurship
Help the Western Center Academy (a STEM school in Southern California) purchase Raspberry Pi kits for our students.
We propose a global alternative to the closure of our local factories.
We are pushing our society and entrepreneurship community forward! Startit Centers will educate 100,000 people in the next 5 years.
Build, tinker, make and play! For anyone with imagination, The Brighton Makerlab lets ages 8 to 80 create cool stuff with technology.
Boston Makers presents a Summer Social Series, four summer events to help you learn more about makerspaces and the maker movement!
Juneau Makerspace will provide space, tools, and equipment to promote creativity, education, exploration, and innovation in Juneau!
We want to develop our inclusive community space into the ultimate hub for creative innovators.
We believe that the true purpose of education is to enable people to create real things that make the world better. Join us!
The Ville. A local cooperative helping communities learn, share and grow in the spirit of health, wellness and sustainability.
Giving the best tech access and tools to Bayview Hunters Point youth - developing the next generation of tech savvy youth who excel!
StartMart is a 35,000 sqft entrepreneurial hub and co-working space located on the 2nd floor of the Terminal Tower in Cleveland, Ohio.
Websmith Studio is a makerspace where the people most impacted by broken systems are empowered to think, build, and own the solution.
Creativity on the go! |
Créativité en mouvement !
The brand new Makers Club wants something to draw the students into science and engineering and also be very inclusive.
We will build hubs so that teens can use tech to develop business solutions to their communities greatest challenges. Help us!
A revolution in the rapidly growing container housing space. Transportable, expandable, green and versatile. A global game-changer.
Manylabs aims to help support 20 new residents working on open, low-cost, accessible tools for science and science education.
We're opening up a Pixel Academy in Manhattan and we need your help to fill it with technology and tools for New York City's kids!
A project to give the people of Playa Blanca an independent, energized future - 
“Local de Mariposas Eólicas Para un Futuro Mejor”
We are working to establish a collaborative work-space with the goal of creating a community of knowledge, design, and creativity.
Create a medialab where students work and learn collaboratively, using technology to create their own knowledge
Mobile Tech Garden is an inclusive, collaborative, learning-though-doing build space that cultivates tech-focused problem solving
Innovation. Collaboration. Ingenuity. As teachers, we hope to instill these values on our students through the use of a Makerspace.
The SafetyNetWork's Mobile Maker~Kid~Space is an accessible & affordable maker space for kids to develop, engineer, innovate, & create!
Creating an indoor space for you to securely work on and house your motorcycle(s) in downtown Boise. On-site fabrication and machining.
A design solar garden light, made in Spain. Incluided : solar panel, 4 leds (200lm), lithium battery, large choice of colours, only 2kg
We are creating a Makerspace in Aberdeen, South Dakota. A place where you can create, meet, inspire, and learn from each other.
Connect VoxCube to a microcontroller to create 3D volumetrics animations This includes. Raspberry Pi, Arduino, Photon,PIC...
We are creating a modern coworking space in the Old Post Office basement. It needs major renovations. We need your help.
Il s'agit ici, d'un système autonome isolé, permettant d’accueillir plus de 1000 vaccin et 10kg de nourriture.+info=vidéo
Help get Etobicokes newest Maker Space running! 
A Maker Space, by the people, for the people!
Our goal is to create an interactive Makerspace for students to learn through hands-on activities and real life problem-solving tasks.
This is high volume hand pump for rafts and other inflated craft. It does not need maintenance and is easy to use, It stands 36 inches.
We are founding an institute supporting biomedical research and  science education; for the health, well being, and wonder of humanity.
With your support, OlyMEGA will widen the accessibility and resources available in our growing MakerSpace.
The first HackerSpace that will change the future of college students and inspire the world.
THE MOST TECHNOLOGICALLY ADVANCED MOVIE VIEWING EXPERIENCE EVER!!!
Our aim is to provide high-end equipment and space for Toronto coders, filmmakers, and artists to develop cutting-edge VR content.
A mobile tech lab with cutting edge maker tools that travels to schools to offer free creative workshops for school age kids.
Wavegarden is the world’s longest man-made wave that creates ideal conditions for surfing. Help us and let's open one in Malaga!!
A do-it-yourself auto garage in Des Moines, Iowa where people can learn how to work on cars & those who know can share their knowledge.
iHeartPillow, Connecting loved ones
Inequality among our K-12 students in the US have inspired us to make the Genesis Pod- A state-of-the-art science lab on wheels.
TechLab est un projet de création d'un espace dédié aux technologies de pointe.
Contribuez financièrement et choisissez la récompense.
Family Space is a private family network, which combines Family Safety, Communication and Social features all in one, easy to use app
An alarm clock for person who have difficulty waking up at morning. A good solution that will lift you out of bed.
Help Castle Rock Middle School students grow their Library Makerspace with 3D printing and an amazing library of electronic components!
STEM SLAM aims to provide young minds with an innovative, intensive, and high-end medium for exploring science during the school year.
Connecting beginners and experts by building a Wiki, App, and a Mobile Lab to develop an Open-Source community.
A community-based, STEM focused, Early Education program for children, families, educators, researchers & the community-at-large.
I'm looking to start a workshop with which to build projects, create a community, and shoot videos to allow other people to learn.
We began as a result of the passion we have for the people of Liberia and the greater region most dramatically affected by Ebola.
Everett, WA first CoWorking Makerspace next door to the new Marriott Hotel on Colby Ave needs equipment and furniture.
We've outgrown our current makerspace: come join us in helping us get into a new larger space in Leesburg!
Teknolab-boksene inneholder et teknologisk familieprosjekt og leveres en gang i kvartalet, første gang 1. Desember 2016!
El proyecto trata de aplicar un entorno de gamificación en un aula de educación primaria y analizar cuales son sus implicaciones
We are Protopians; the prototypes for a new way of living that is created with agency, not dependency.  Manufacturing a new reality.
Raising funds to start an internet café Makerspace in Downtown Albany
Defeat "teaching to the test." Lets build a "Makerspace Program" to encourage innovative learning, engineering and lifelong learners!!
I want to create a family friendly makerspace that can teach kids about 3D printing and other tech and also travel to schools to teach.
eTree is a tree made by solar panels which provides a place of comfort and energy for a variety of services : free WiFi, water,...
We are a huge co-work space located minutes from the CBD. We offer all the resources that you need to build your business!
A coworking space and community hub in central Queens, NYC for technologists, creatives, entrepreneurs, and remote workers.
Help Denhac and Open Media Foundation bring Denver's first and best hackerspace to a bigger and better location at 7th & Santa Fe!
World's smallest Arduino Mega clone: an enhanced electronics prototyping platform. Better than a Mega, smaller than an Uno!
Celebrating the innovative and creative spirit in the Berkshires by expanding the offerings in its first Makerspace.
Have you ever dreamed about traveling the world and enrich your life?
ComCosy.Com is a market-network for the interior design and furniture industry.
A membership supported facility for Makers, Techies, Inventors, and Craftspeople in Edmonton Alberta.  Learn, Explore, Create.
ARM based open source platform for building IoT devices such as home automation and smart appliances. Supports PoE, Linux, and Android.
Bakersfield Makerspace needs 3D Printers, Scanners, Laser Cutter, and Space for New Members and Students to Create Awesomeness.
12 Entrepreneurs, 4 Startups, 1 Bus.
I want to create a kids activity center where our future inventors, scientists and engineers can learn and grow in STEAM concepts.
In New Jersey, Creative spaces are few and far between. With only a handful in NJ, our goal is to open a space on the Jersey Shore.
Can young people be excited about how to make things?Exposure to design and "making," connecting Manufacturing and Engineering.
Raspberry Pi computers, Arduino controllers and other tech elements, are used create team based problem solving educational programs.
A live in makers group that educates and enables the public to move toward economic, technological, and educational secession.
Local Goods Chicago's mini maker lab space will provide equipment to the community to support handcrafted locally made items.
We want to be able to redesign the technology room at Sutherland Middle School.
KCH Coworking is a work space with a coffee house vibe. We provide fresh brewed coffee,fast wifi,snacks, and fresh fruits.
We're creating an environment where millennial women can access technology in order to advance themselves and live a worthwhile life.
Connecting the most skilled college students with industry jobs and other geniuses in college to help change the cyber world.
Our goal is to encourage the next generation of innovators to experience coding, robotics, engineering, and to think outside the box.
AwesomeRobot - helping inspire the next generation of makers, creators, and innovators.
Uniquely designed for restaurants, small shops and chain-stores, you can do it on your own without the expensive advertisement agencies
Re(de)fining the HR Talent Marketplace with an Export Services Outsourcing Platform to provide Global Services
Help us built a sustainable studio & eliminate clandestine hunters & loggers pressures...then come visit Costa Rica primary rain forest
Train your future engineer. Each box contains an expertly crafted real-world science problem & all the materials to build a solution!
Contribuez à fabriquer un prototype expérimental de Petite Génératrice d'éolienne OpenSource facile à réparer.
Coworks are awesome, but small towns need a new model; especially places like Langley, WA on Whidbey Island. Help create a new space.
Partnering with schools for academic enrichment and after-school programs in robotics, 3D printing, and programming.
Instead of boring traditional math I hope to inspire students to see math all around them through engineering projects
Learn something new from someone different. From cooking skills  to the history of the internet, you can learn it here.
Development of a land parcel to create a Wildlife & Wetland Sanctuary just outside of New York City and also a resource for
public use.
Imagine, Design, Create and Showoff! That's what happens at a Makerspace. It is priceless to guide a young mind toward art and science.
toest is writing app with visualization ability that forms the nucleus of an online, digital access media and Social network.
A Mobile Media Studio That Goes Into The Community And Teaches At Risk Youth Media Literacy & Media Creation Through Outreach Programs
RadioShack is dead. Let's buy it and turn it into a maker space!
A remarkable new way to produce energy. By backing this campaign you will part of a Globe change that our World desperately needs.
Do you think you're the one that has seen more movies of all your friends? Or around the office? Visit FilmKing to prove it!
Offering library support services to Balcom family historians and friends-research sources, citations, brickwall smashing. We R family!
I want to make a computer cluster using Raspberry Pi computers for educational research.
Jobs Over Profit - giving technical training, experience and upcycling while developing Jobs for 100s of Vets, Women, Youth & Disabled
Technologie E.R.A (électricité renouvelable autonome)
Système 100% écolo autonome électrique avec dynamo et transformateur ...........
Platform for Ex-ETSY shops and other who want to express themselves and their products freely, No Start Up Fees, Great Customer Service
Starting a Convention featuring Pokemon Go
This is where we build the C.O.O.Lest cars for the coolest people at the coolest prices! We make your Car Dreams a reality!
This project stems from the idea of building a center indoor climbing wall in Spain, creating a structure if the best ever. thanks all.
I am looking to invest in students by creating a space for them to invent, be creative and express themselves through technology.
Le 1er Hackathon écologique de la Fête de l'Humanité.

Vous avez du trois jours pour remuer vos méninges et sauver la planète.
A containerised data centre in Longreach powered by renewable energy will bring jobs and connectivity back to remote Australia.
Creating a website that brings opportunity and sustainability to developing villages by enabling them to sell their local products.
Le FabLab au collège c'est une pédagogie de projet active et collaborative où les élèves se lancent dans la bidouille !
Join us in an effort to create community centers for STEAM education, innovation, and Sensory integration! 
 #technology playground.
Makerspace for Aspiring Entrepreneurs @ APPRENTICE MINDS

Get cool rewards while funding the next generation of entrepreneurs.
"Tu eres el que decides, nosotros somos los que creamos y personalizamos." Este es nuestro lema.
Est-il possible de décoder le cerveau humain. Je suis persuadé que oui. Visualisé sur un écran se que nos yeux perçois. et plus
This project is a World Record Setting STEM Toy tower! Your pledge will be used for the tower & after we'll send the pieces to you.
Optimized for product development, this is a 13" or 21" linear rail guided positioning axis with only 2.5 microns backlash.
Orange County, California’s easy to use maker studio is looking to add color to their repertoire of equipment with a LEF-20 UV Printer.
Knowledge is Power - Learn a new job skill today and increase your income tomorrow. Check out our Community-Orientated Tech Center!
The hardest part is done for you.  Your design is already on the screen and shipped to you.  Print 1 or 1000!
Me llaman incrédulo por soñar, me llaman loco por visualizar un futuro mejor, y se ríen cuando les digo que es posible.
