AI powered pendant that lets you take smart notes on the go. Just tap and speak. Anytime, anywhere.
Meet the first dog device designed to monitor and improve your dog's welfare. Receive vet advice and be notified if something's wrong
A powerful Smartwatch with a built-in upgradable MicroSD drive, gaming design and exclusive content.
Kai sits right behind your ear and lets you access a smart voice interface 24/7. Call, text, search, and even call an Uber.
The smarter collar for every stage of your pet's life.
Designed with great sound, and built for high performance, Ember Blaze is here and available at an affordable price.
An everyday water-resistant minimalist smartwatch. Track your steps, sleep, alarms and receive phone notifications. No charging needed.
It’s the first wearable that mimics a real human touch. A totally new way of communicating. Connecting loved ones wherever they are.
Turn you helmet into the safest helmet and don't worry about a thing,you will always have the right fit!!
The Prep Packs Survival Belt allows you to carry all of the essentials for outdoor survival inside your belt buckle
When every second matters, BioToo temporary tattoos get critical information to emergency personnel to help them help you.
Make your watch Smart ! CT Band is an ultra-thin, high-tech smart watch-strap awarded twice at CES 2017 las vegas
The revolutionary scuba diving accessory that makes donning and doffing your fins the simplest thing in the world.
Revolutionary Shapewear to work on problem areas with Electronic Muscle Stimulation. For a flat tummy, sexy booty and shapely thighs.
Active, happy & healthy together! 
That’s our mission for all dogs and their parents.
Discreet safety device connects you to a dedicated 24/7 monitoring team, keeping you safe anywhere in the United States
Stylish eyewear that specially designed to combat digital eye strain, and prevents headaches caused by prolonged usage of computer.
We are revolutionizing safety for dogs by creating a water-resistant, high visibility harness for night time activities.
Never be without phone power ever again - Join the Niper community: we’ve got each other covered!
True Wireless, HD Audio, Ultimate Comfort, Anti-Shedding, Build-In Mic & Charging Pod
Elegant classic watch. Smart without charging. Do extra things with your watch - control your phone or accessories. Easy & cool.
Nimb is a ring with a concealed button that notifies family, friends, emergency services and the Nimb community when you’re in trouble.
The Joey Tag is the new safety wearable for kids from the makers of My Buddy Tag designed to help keep your (and our) little ones safe.
Revolutionary solid titanium micro ear plugs that isolate you from noise like never before.
Necksound is a necklace shaped high quality audio system with a modern and sporty design. Listen to your music while doing sport!
Designed by a NASA scientist, this vest burns up to a pound of fat per week (500 calories/day) using comfortable, mild cold exposure.
Secure Password Notebook and Bracelet Specifically Designed to Create and Store Unique, Hack-proof Internet Passwords
You don't need to spend hours at the gym || Get your most effective workout ever, in only 20 minutes.
A stylish alternative to bulky headphones and tangling wires. Best-in-market 6-hour battery life, with a comfy and secure fit.
Natural warmth, say goodbye to cold hands and feet. Self heating gloves and insoles from Astec and Zondo.
Downhill Essentials // Skate tool slide pucks // You'll never have to worry about bringing a skate tool with you again.
Don't lose your guitar pick ever again.
Look good, feel good, play great. A first of its kind camera made for athletes, to amplify a new wave of learning and highlight sharing
Technology that helps the brain relax and rebalance itself for relief from stress, refreshing sleep, increased performance and more .
What if getting a great night's sleep were as easy as putting on a hat? With the Sleep Shepherd®, it really is just that easy!
Introducing the CTRL XC; instantaneously switching LCD Sunglasses.
Liner for helmets and hats that reduces impact on the head using cutting edge technology
MIX Wireless are the next generation of in-ear headphones from PUMP Audio.

Specially designed for people who love Bass!
Dog products that give you the courage to go further. Survival Leash, the life saving dog leash that keeps dog lovers safe.
We build glasses for your virtual reality headset inside your virtual reality headset.
The World's most trusted GPS tracker to keep tabs on your pet, bike, boat and more. Now with modular add-ons.
Simple and effective construction that will help increase the security of people, even during festive events.
Lock Your Dog is a theft-proof leash for dogs
A solution for everyone that having a hard time taking keys in and out of their tight pocket jeans, introducing MAGMUS!
The WAV Band is a new wearable that can turn any headphones or speaker with an aux port wireless! And it's $20. Yes, really.
Connected, heating, premium quality and comfortable leather sneakers - hand-crafted in France.
The Deception Belt is an innovative belt with app capability, designed to assist any user gain control over their appetite.
Deal with the cold like a boss with battery-powered heating device that will heat you up in the most extreme environment.
Cargador de celular portable con generador para recargar sin limites y aprovechar tu dispositivo al máximo y en cualquier lugar!.
We believe technology can help us solve problems and make the sports safe and fun again. Here comes our cloud-based concussion sensor.
FOOMEXT offers you unconditional and controllable warmth. No more bulky and heavy jackets. FOOMEXT, style and comfort in one.
Production of 2500 degree F  Protection when deployed in an emergency situation for Wild Land Fire fighters as well as a home kit.
Foldable stand holder for smartphones that barely needs room. Wholy integrated. Extremmely light, hardly 6g. So thin, just 2,4mm.
Meet Vi, an AI personal trainer who lives in biosensing earphones. She finds your ideal path to fitness and coaches you in real time.
The world’s first watch-size subwoofer for your body. Experience powerful bass – anywhere you go. For music, gaming and VR.
Bluetooth headphones with a twist - listen to your favorite music AND capture 3D Audio. Hear and capture your world in a whole new way.
The strap is made of several modules, each with their own function. Choose the modules you want to build a smartwatch unique to you.
Jewelbots are programmable friendship bracelets that teach girls the basics of coding. An open-source wearable for teens!
A wearable light designed to work with your wardrobe.
The first ever all-in-one wearable sensor that pairs with your sports watch. Includes lactate threshold technology, HR, cadence & more
Explore the limitless possibilities of the Sky. The next generation of VR wearables is here, with an astonishing 150 degrees FOV.
Jolt is a wearable sensor that allows parents and coaches to track and evaluate their children's head impacts in real-time.
A customizable and fully open brain-computer interface platform that gives you access to high-quality brain wave data.
OURA is a revolutionary ring-sized wellness computer that helps you sleep and perform better.
A tiny ARM+Bluetooth LE Platform for developing Wearable products (and more) that are certified and ready to ship to customers.
Finally, truly wireFREE earbuds have arrived! HearNotes WireFree Earbuds w/ Kleer technology delivers HI-FI stereo music with NO WIRES!
Keep your dog safe and have fun too! Introducing Disco Dog - The smartphone controlled LED dog vest.
Help our neuroscientific project to expand human perception. We're making a wearable device to let brains take in new data streams.
An elegantly designed, 100% waterproof, smart activity tracker using new LED light syncing technology
BE - LINK is a bluetooth audio system for your helmet. Incredible sound quality. Affordable price.
Wearable art on your arm! Our chic bag displays LED pixel art, changeable with a touch of our app, holds lipstick & charges your phone.
Seamlessly turn your Pebble Time into a true fitness tracker with heart rate monitoring & enjoy the simplicity of Qi Wireless Charging!
The coolest, easiest way to pay at millions of retailers using your Pebble smartwatch. Leave the phone behind. Just tap and go!
Trago is the world's first connected smart water bottle. Intelligent, accurate, and versatile.
A next generation wallet that keeps your cash and cards safe. Ultra slim, bluetooth-powered, self-charging & handcrafted to perfection.
Express yourself with a digital pin that allows you to create, share and wear images and animated gif's!
The first icon-based watch that teaches kids good habits and the concept of time. It fosters independence, responsibility & self-esteem
LVL is a wearable hydration monitor that gives you the complete picture of your health by also tracking activity, sleep, mood and HR.
doppel helps you focus or relax on demand. It works with your body’s natural response to rhythm to let you set your pace.
The FIRST Premium Over-Ear Wireless Active Headphone!
Get environmental feedback from your game! KOR-FX uses cutting-edge tech that lets you feel every movement, bullet, and explosion.
oombrella is a beautiful smart connected umbrella that alerts you before it rains and sends you a notification if you leave it behind!
Kids switch on when you bring a subject to life. For just the price of a t-shirt, teach your kids about the anatomy.
Pip is a small GPS and activity tracker for dogs and cats with great battery life, nationwide coverage and added connectivity.
The first portable VR headset with built-in audio. An all-in-one device to enjoy movies, games, photos & more
An electro-luminescent mask that gives an outline to the music.
Take back control with the world's first SMART menstrual cup. Measure, Analyze, and Track. Help us redefine menstruation.
An entire motion capture studio in one wireless suit. Ready to use in less than a minute for gaming, VR, AR, film, VFX, sports etc.
Neopenda is a wearable designed for one of the most vulnerable populations on the planet: newborns in developing countries.
Stay calm and focused by learning to control your body's natural stress response.
runScribe provides a 3D view of how you run. With your support, we can help athletes run smarter, longer, and with fewer injuries.
The Aurora headband plays lights and sounds for lucid dreaming with a smart alarm clock to help you sleep better.
Now you can better understand your skin and boost its moisture with our patented Mask and its companion App!
World's smallest wireless earbuds charged through your phone! Minimal size & shape allows perfect fit and music experience!
elemoon changes color to match your outfit, alerts important calls/texts, has step tracking, displays time & helps you find your phone!
Helix by Ashley Chloe is the first wearable with headphones on your wrist. Helix ensures that fashion and tech are always at hand.
With two-way audio, GPS & Gamification, WÜF's goal is to make training and maintaining a happy and healthy dog easier than ever before.
Turn your classic watch into a smartwatch with Unique, the revolutionary watch strap.
Vufine+ is a high definition wearable display that seamlessly integrates with your technology, truly unlocking its full potential.
Sensors in fingers & palm trigger custom sounds while connected wrist-controller/hand gestures control effects with reverb, echo, etc.
Sgnl is the smart strap that enables you to make calls by placing your fingertip on your ear. Connect with your watch to upgrade it.
Carv analyses your skiing technique in real-time providing feedback on the slopes and detailed analysis between runs
Lumafit automatically tracks your cardio sessions, at the gym, at home or out on a run. See your heart age reduce as you get fitter.
A smartwatch that not only develops creativity and responsibility in kids, it also helps build up their independence.
Linkitz empower girls to explore technology and build amazing things.
Eye tracking augmented reality glasses that revolutionize the hands free interface. Specially designed for ALS, MD and SCI patients.
Mira is a wearable device for women devoted to delivering a simple, personal and motivational fitness experience with style.
Light up masks for all occasions.   Become the light of the party and light up the night with a QitaWear illuminated glow masks.
Atomwear is a micro, modularized, open source, wearable BLE device for DIYers. It makes any BLE(Bluetooth Low Energy) projects easier.
Your personal assistant in a mobile app that immediately reminds you when you leave behind any of your most important belongings!
CHIPS®: The Hi-Fi ALL-IN-ONE Headphones that adapt to work with your active lifestyle, no matter what you are up to.
Use two wireless buds and a smartphone app to control what you hear and how you hear it.
"Top Five Health Innovations of the Week" - psfk
Beautifully designed city cycling jackets and bags with in-built LED lights. Crafted for style, visibility and comfort on the bike.
World's first bike helmet with open-ear precision audio so cyclists can SAFELY hear traffic along with music, calls, nav, & ride data.
A 100% natural way to strengthen your pelvic floor. Regain control over your bladder after childbirth, during exercise or other moments
Everykey is the wristband that replaces keys and passwords.  It's sleek, secure, and can be deactivated at any time.
Wearable shutter shades with a bright full color pixel array you can see through! Incredible, hackable, and Arduino-compatible.
Calendar Watch combines iconic watch design with your favorite digital calendar
A smart bracelet that fuses art, fashion and technology by displaying custom images, slideshows, app-notifications and breaking news.
Running Wearable to help Improve Running Form, Stay injury-free and Run Better! ONLY wearable with knee injury prevention guidance!
Zone DPMX™ is the first wearable power meter for cyclists. It's attached to your shoes, not to your bike. Easy to move between bikes!
Revolar- Meet the world’s smartest personal safety device! Connect to your loved ones in your moment of need. @revolartech
GoGlove is a wearable wireless remote to control your phone.  Music makes the moment and GoGlove helps you live it without distraction.
Ergonomically designed custom earphones with Hi-Fi sound and wired/Bluetooth interchangeable modules.
: D  rewards DELIVERED BEFORE campaign's end, to 100% backer satisfaction!  Unprecedented? You decide ~
AMPY is a wearable device that captures energy from your motion, turning it into power to charge your phone or any USB-powered device
Build your product with this Tiny Wireless Low-Power Wearable Sensor Platform that you program and control with your Smartphone.
OneRing identifies Parkinson's motor symptoms to generate daily patient reports and help doctors prescribe medications more accurately.
Vufine is a handsfree wearable display that allows you to enjoy the familiar functionality of your current technology in a new way.
IOFIT is the world’s first smart shoes that helps golfers quickly and smartly improve their game while having fun.
Sensor Infused Smart Training Apparel Powered by Your Real-Time Personal Trainer
+Winter insoles are controlled with APP, splashproof, incredibly light and wafer-thin: turn them on and enjoy the most amazing warmth!
Hands in the air! Catching ALL - Social, Translation, Navigation and Entertainment, at ONE GLIMPSE.
With 'allb' we have discovered a totally new and effective way of childcare that we are sure will bring you and your baby happiness.
The Most Interactive Smartwatch. Intuitive Interaction. Lifestyle Convenience. Unique Ticwear OS. Innovative Design.
The first-ever smartwatch for kids to feature video calling. All-in-one wearable phone, GPS locator, fitness tracker, and more!
Exquisitely-designed glasses and sunglasses with blue light and UV protection. Handmade in California, fitted with revolutionary lenses
Add these reactive, customizable LEDs to your favorite shoes and melt brains wherever you go.
Montfort design and build exciting Swiss automatic watches that integrate innovative and unique technologies.
Designed for smartphones, HANSNAP also works great with tablets and GoPros! *STAFF PICK* - Please pre-order on www.HANSNAP.com
Designed by a veterinarian, GPCats finally gives you peace and comfort while your cuddly friend is exploring the world.
Millions of colors and Light Effects respond to music and movement. Connect with friends. Express your style. Be part of the show.
Using NASA space suit technology, OROS brings you awesome performance outerwear. Thin and warm. No compromises.
Stryd is the world’s first wearable power meter. With your support, we’ll give runners the one number that can help them run better.
Incredibly thin, infinitely adjustable on-ear wireless headphones that fit under helmets and allow you to hear the world around you.
Khushi Baby seeks to improve vaccination rates in the developing world with an NFC necklace that digitizes data at the point of care.
The Thin Ice vest stimulates the body with cold temperatures to induce an estimated 500-1000 calories of thermogenic calorie burning
Enjoy the world's first most affordable luxury super watch by world's famous brand.Super cool and limited edition.
Introducing the Tail Lights Rider safety system!  Our goal is to make a horse/rider safety lighting smaller and more affordable.
Be a part of the "Fitness For All" revolution with a fun, motivational app and the most affordable fitness band in the market.
Perfect posture effortlessly: Backbone aligns & supports your posture, notifies you whenever you slouch, & reminds you to take a break!
Create custom costumes for special needs children in walkers and wheelchairs. Goal: Build 5 costumes by Halloween. www.WalkinRollin.org
Swim smarter. Heart rate sensors, workout tracking, IntensityCoach and PaceKeeper smart feedback. Improve strength & get in shape.
Nuvi is a smart sleeping mask designed to improve your sleep quality, creativity and adjust your jet lag!
The rEvolve is a new standard for VR comfort and convenience with it's flip up display and perfectly balanced weight.
The Seaver girth: the first connected equipment dedicated to horse performance and health care, designed and handmade in France.
Two new facial interfaces for your Oculus Rift. One for face foam replacements and one that is bigger for using the Rift with eyewear.
The world's first all in one caps and headbands for outdoor sports that light up your way and keep you visible and safe.
4X Phone Charging, Heated Down Jacket, Use Your Own QC 2.0 Battery, Packable, 80g, 100% Washable, Simplified Heating System...
The first ever Bluetooth earphones with built-in amplifier and advanced EQ Engine.  Customize the sound to hear music the way YOU want.
Experience lucid dreams - Improve sleep with music that intelligently adjusts to your sleep phases - Wake up refreshed, every time!
Called a "Wearable OnStar(tm) for Seniors," Kanega offers discreet support for falls, medication reminders & guards against wandering.
Easily manage ALL your accounts & passwords from a secure keychain that allows you access from all your devices!
Thim is the first wearable device which can improve sleep. Thim helps you fall asleep sooner to achieve a longer night’s rest.
Improve your outdoor experiences with our heated apparel – designed in Norway, by and for outdoor enthusiasts.
Sleep Naked Everywhere! Extra Features: Phone Charging, Water Resistant, Wearable, Packable, Washable, Awesomable!
The world’s first autonomous smartwatch that tracks cardiovascular health, blood pressure and customizes your workouts !
Sound Bounce is the first hearing protection to use smart material technology that absorbs damaging sounds.
A wearable band that analyzes your walking posture and helps to walk healthy, provides your body balance & tracks your daily activities
Realtime audio feedback of distance, speed, lap time and navigation information as you swim.   Your swimming pace right to your ears.
Earphones designed for women and made from a woman's touch.
High performance helmet surround sound | Premium IPX5 Waterproof | Mic for phone calls | Bluetooth | Mountable external controller |
GARY solves a most common problem of any Earphone user - Giving one a relief from struggling with tangled wires.
AiraWear targets muscles & pain points to release tension from hours of sitting & slouching while helping to improve poor posture.
Make your everyday walk smarter and more fun with Telepathy Walker's highly intuitive UI, sunlight-proof display, and handsfree design.
Sence is the first wearable technology capable of accurately tracking and logging emotional states so you can take action.
The WellBe is an elegant, light-weight bracelet and mobile app designed to indicate your stress triggers and provide immediate solution
Wear Ditto and quit worrying about checking your phone a zillion times a day.  You'll get notified when something important happens.
Next generation smart wearable designed to make your life easier and your money safe. A modular wallet with self-defense system.
ORA Smart Glasses : More Advanced than Google Glass at a Fraction of the Price !
Patented design provides dynamic stabilization through increased muscle activation & postural control while reducing pain & fatigue.
Egyptian Cotton Dress Shirt Made In Italy, Sweat Proof, Liquid, Odor & Stain Resistant w/ 15 sizes. Lasting Quality w/ no Child Labor.
A Belt made ENTIRELY from Survival Tools & Materials.  Wear this Belt and ALWAYS be Prepared for an Emergency. NEW Wearable Technology!
Fully customizable athletic safety device with high quality LED lights that create text or an image as you move.
A revolutionary shirt with heat absorbing Inserts to boost hydration during the action. Endurance. Power. Recovery. For all who sweat.
Sensor packed consumer wearable that helps you analyze the environment around you. Help build a safer community!
Balios is the first training sensor for equestrian sports that tracks the rider’s training session and the horse's well-being.
The Sleep Shepherd Blue uses brainwave sensors and binaural beats in a biofeedback loop to improve sleep quality and tracking accuracy.
Stylish blue-blockers with red optics finally make it cool to wear glasses at night.
Flexible solar panel that fits around any bag strap and charges any USB device like your smartphone, tablet or camera.
You know with YONO. YONO keeps fertility tracking, natural family planning and hormonal health monitoring simple.
The World's first device to turn your own watch into a smartwatch. Get fit in a bit and so much more!
Fully customizable, minimal, but yet stylish watchfaces for your Pebble and Pebble Time Smartwatch.
We aim to develop the most extreme sport bag available in the market and choose to not compromise on any materials or functions!
The TouchOne Keyboard is the first dedicated smartwatch keyboard that supports both circular and square devices
A minimalist Fitbit Flex bracelet that lets you track your steps in style.
Unitact is the world very first connected bracelet that gives a better life for the deaf people and hearing-loss thanks to the touch.
KYMIRA Sport products: proven to harness your wasted energy and convert it to Infrared to enhance performance, wellbeing and recovery.
World's Most Advanced App Controlled Led Shoes
Forget previous limits & power any USB device at the same rate as a wall charger (2A) via clean solar energy straight from the sun!
A first of its kind pet wearable technology that improves animal welfare and makes the joy of owning a pet as convenient as possible
Developing the best eye protection sunglasses. Looking to put these in the hands of soldiers in combat.
Motostrap solves that pressing question. What are you gonna to hold on to?  Motorcycle, Scooters, Jet Skis or ATV's holding on is easy.
Any sensor can tell you heartrate, how fast, how far, or how many steps. RunRite is the first wearable to tell a runner how to improve!
Kaleid Snow Gear is a snowboard company developing the world's first line of minimalistic protective equipment
Top events producer proposing to develop the leading convention for sports data analytics (as a B2C expo) for autumn 2016.
MADE IN FRANCE I 30 years of expertise with athletes of all levels, now at your service !
The EyeForcer is a medical tech wearable for kids who use smartphones and tablets. It monitors posture to prevent Gameboy Disease.
The RockLid Baseball Cap is designed to prevent head injuries for Little League baseball players to the Professionals.
socialBrites are anti-loss fashion clips that have bright colorful lights that interact with you and other socialBrites.
To build-up & strengthen the connection within family. A Smartwatch that has with Voice messages, GPS, Instant Emergency Alert and more
GripTronics are thin strips of Grip Tape adhered to the edges of electronic devices like Smart Phones and MP3 Players.
Wearable technology dedicated to grappling (BJJ, MMA, Sambo etc.) that allows you to track your rolling positions and improve your game
inspired by the Norse Mythology the Midgaard backpack offers space, comfort and functionality for battle with the nature!
VieTagz is the World's First Charge-free, Open and Closed-loop NFC Payment Wristband & Medical ID.
If you combine: Party, Light, Music, People and Fun you wil get a unique interactive gadget: LedsparTy glasses controlled by LedsApp.
Automated sweep cane for the blind, no more need for repetitive left and right wrist / hand movement that tires the user.
Spiral Band Fitness has developed the next generation of fitness bands using patented Spiral Band technology.
Hi Map is the smallest GPS tracker in the world with its features, to live the movement freedom in complete safety.
Daydreaming at the desk?  REvibe approximates when to send quiet vibration reminders to get your child (or you) back to work.
Creating a belt that can handle the worst you can throw at it and look good doing it.
The smartest wallet you will ever own.
The World's Largest 100° Field of View Augmented Reality Helmet that Gives You the Unique Immersive AR Experience.
The world's FIRST & ONLY smartphone integrated speaker for all styles of horseback riding. Keeps hands, eyes, ears focused & phone safe
SmartBalanceLight, The First Sport pressure insole made to improve your Balance & Power in Golf, Baseball, Fitness, Cross Fit...
100% WATERPROOF (5M/16FT) SLIMFIT LAPTOP CASE
Never, ever lose your readers again with this unique and stylish alternative to reading glasses.
PulseBand A6, the ultimate smart band for an affordable price. Healthy Living Now, One Pulse At A Time.
FitPal offers the most capable Heart Rate analysis available. Your heart is speaking to you - FitPal gives you the power to listen.
You will help create a new Parisian brand by Johann Meunier that makes stylish resistant clothing which is durable for men and women.
Designed for digital artists and graphic designers who use Cintiqs™ and drawing tablets for art and illustration.
Personalize your Apple Watch without breaking the bank! Click lets you use any 22mm watch band with Apple Watch!
KYON is the thinnest GPS pet tracker collar today, that looks and feels like a regular collar.
Beat Neck and Back Pain. ALEX is the Sleek and Discreet Wearable that Coaches you toward Perfect Pain-free Posture.
Multiple interchangeable watch bands with the ability to function entirely with Apple Watch for every lifestyle
To help eliminate the stigma attached to males and skin care and to allow men to improve the appearance of their skin.
An innovative and effective concussion detection & reporting wearable technology available for youth in sports today!
EID keeps your cell phone secured even when unlocked providing privacy & allows you to share your contact info w/ just a tap! Get yours
The Ultimate Men's Underwear that's made of LINEN.  Let your body cool itself with linen fabric.  At Maqoo we innovate better fabrics.
Wireless noise masking earplugs that block out the world while still letting you hear the things that matter most.
EXTRA FEATURES: Battery-Free Heated Gloves, Comfort Zone -20C to 10C, Water Resistant, 5-year Warranty, Packable, Ultra Thin, Washable
Glass screen protector for the Pebble Time and Pebble Time steel with no compromises! Why settle for cheap plastic screen protectors?!
The FlipTowel allows a user to quickly and conveniently wipe off sweat, while on-the-go, via its magnetic quick release/return design.
iPhone 6 Stretchy Wallet Case By jimmyCASE® - Elastic Pocket, Genuine Mahogany Wood Core And Silicone Bumper Handmade In Los Angeles.
Helps you get a better workout by measuring exactly how you burn fat. Tracks your breath then uses AI to recommend optimal exercise.
Free your tunes from all the wires as you workout with our Bluetooth Tundra Band that wicks away sweat, stays in place & lasts all day!
Meet AEGIS PRO, the WORLD'S SAFEST HEADPHONES. Protect yourself and those you love from noise-induced hearing loss!
Percko is an undershirt that teaches you how to have the right posture
ExerWise is Informing and Educating Children about the Importance of Exercise and it's benefits, with our Wearable Activity Tracker
The first and only lights designed to be worn on the front of your hands, in the perfect position to light your path and be seen.
Wearable Input Device that lets you control anything. Gesture control, text transmission, payment, and more!
The COMMUTER X4 is a wearable, fibre optic rear bike light that helps drivers judge distance, width and speed of cyclists.
A tree-hugging, neck-hugging temperature controlling wearable that keeps you comfortable on-the-go while you stay connected.
Staying alert is tough - Vigo can help. Vigo tracks your alertness over time and nudges you when you're not your best.
World's First SMART JACKET for iPhone & Android user// HALLAM NEW YORK//Bluetooth Wearable Workout Apparel NFC Charging LED GPS Bicycle
From a practice swing without the ball, ti.ttle calculates the distance and direction the ball would have traveled.
Rider worn tail light brake light. Adheres to virtually any coat, jacket or vest. Stays on even when you get off.
A brain profile that tells you how quickly and accurately your brain perceives and decides.
From the SYNC APP - Select Solid LED colors- Preset LED colors- Sync the shoes to your Music Playlist or Sync to Live Music.
A rider worn tail light brake light. Adheres to virtually any coat, jacket or vest. Stays on even when you get off your machine.
Seamlessly blends in technology, art and social networks...
Kuai combines a heart rate monitor, foot pod, sport watch, music headset and virtual coach allowing you to train smarter and safer
Bluetooth, wearable, smart, LED belt--the ultimate safety device for runners and cyclists and includes accelerometer-based brake light.
Howdy! I'm building a "Dalek" from the original movie "Dr. Who and the Daleks." This entails one Dalek that can be manually operated.
FORCEemotion is a revolutionary emotion tracker for you and your family. Keep your loved ones safe 24/7
Spare a Dream is an NFC-tagged postcard that captures & shares dreams in the form of video messages. The issue is sharing experiences.
Night Runner 270° Shoe Lights safely illuminate your path to run, walk, bike, and hike from dusk until dawn. See More / Run More
Mountain, fat and race bikes made from high grade aero carbon fibers by tow placement and tow folding technology (no fibres cutting).
ORION4Sight sunglasses on steroids are powered by revolutionary patented technology worn by Navy Seals.
Arrowhead, Saw, Knife, 10 wrench sizes, Pry tip, Flathead driver, Hammer Punch; Lifesaver.  It's all there.  Reserve yours today.
Looking for another better travel jacket? I'm sorry, this is the best! 40+ functions with Charging serve all your needs, PowearIN2.0!
The world's most comfortable sleep headphones are improving. Wireless audio, wireless charging. Relax with music to your ears!
The Magniglass is a pair of electronic glasses that can magnify the image or video for better vision.
Smart Boxing and MMA Gloves with embedded sensors. Measure your punching power and speed. Improve your performance!
Flyfit: World's First Ankle Tracker For Fitness, Cycling & Swimming. The only fitness band you'll ever need to track your activity.
A unique made-in-Japan insole built from an open mesh polymer matrix that helps to keep your feet dry and aerated.
The About Face system is an ergonomic accessory for the Oculus Rift (DK1 & 2) that upgrades cleanliness and comfort in virtual reality.
MicroCool : The Ultimate Cooking Apron with micro-thermal technology to repel hot oil and boiling liquids.
Un bijou, un lien unique.
A one-size-fits-all sweat-blocking sweatband for your body, worn under the clothes. Eliminates uncomfortable sweat drip down.
World's first custom-fit headphone with brain & biometric sensing. Bluetooth. Noise cancelling. Activity & sleep tracker. 3D printed.
Fineck is a wearable device that cares for you neck via activity tracking, data analysis and interactive games.
Navigation goggles for ANY swimmer who swims in open water for recreation, endurance or competition. USAT Approved for competition.
DOTT creates a virtual leash to keep track of your pets. If they get lost, our community will help you find them.
Aurai - The first wearable water technology to protect your eyes from modern technology
Dive into the Virtual World and run around and play VR games with your friends using the Microsoft HoloLens.
WELT is the wellness Belt that makes wearables fashionable. WELT tracks key health data and provides tips and warnings for your health.
We've created Spark, a wrist watch that makes sure you never fall asleep during anything important in life!
Designed for smart phones, Lightbox lets you snap pictures 
& stream video: sharing the world through your eyes – live & hands-free.
Simplify your actions, execute tasks with a gentle tap on the NFC Leather Bracelet; a stylish solution for all your NFC needs.
Activity tracker designed for soccer. Unlike many others, MySkills Player lets you keep track of Assists, Recoveries and Goals.
Simple, elegant, and compact.
Point, click, navigate... feel
Using NASA space suit technology, Lukla brings you the Endeavour- the thinnest, warmest, and most breathable jacket of its kind.
WeBoard is a simple keyboard app for Apple Watch & Android Wear. It uses sensors to make typing simple.
The FIRST screen protector with an image that disappears when your phone is in use! Allowing for personalization and protection.
Ever wished there were more hours in the day? Introducing the NeuroOn mask that creates a unique sleep schedule for you.
Snaps for your sock-collection - never worry about sorting or losing your socks again. Just attach the snaps once and relax.
Not a Smartwatch, but a WATCH with some SMART!
MonBaby is a wearable baby monitor that tracks your child's breathing, movement and sleep patterns on an iPhone/Android app.
Innovative new compression-based breast pump gives mothers unprecedented freedom, enabling efficient and discreet pumping
Gauss glasses protect your eyes in front of screens and outside with self-tinting lenses and a new, proprietary coating technology.
Stylish new phone carrier allows instant access to your smart phone while freeing up your hands.
Sofft...it's Soft with an Off! A stain-blocking fabric softener that simplifies your laundry and helps the environment at the same time
Ever wanted to own something made out of carbon fiber? Now you can!
"Back to the Future" inspired self-drying jackets are reality in 2015. Updated design includes interior smartphone and tablet pockets.
The NFC Ring can be used to unlock doors, mobile devices, transfer information and link people. This time round it got even smarter...
Whether you're a weekend warrior, fitness enthusiast or serious athlete, the BRS will accelerate your exercise and training goals!
FreeWavz provide complete freedom from wires, have a naturally perfect fit and deliver the fitness metrics you want, when you want them
How will you escape the heat? Our Cool Collar's freezing technology gives you 3 hours of cooling comfort in the form of a necklace.
Be more than stylish, be visible. Reflect what you’re hearing/feeling in 24 customizable glowing colors with these laser based earbuds.
Secure your smartphone in your hand without worry of drops, perfect to mount in your car or anywhere else; makes the most useful stand.
Sync up your lifestyle
Shirts built with Japanese fabric and nano-technology to keep your sweat stains hidden and you feeling dry.
Air Blue WATCHES capture the true essence of vital cockpit instruments & flying’s rich history with unrivaled Craftsmanship, & Value.
VU is smart eyewear with high-design aesthetics.  A wearable device that finally makes you look good!
Unlock the Power of your Brain 
through the power of Neurofeedback
// study/sleep/learning/insomnia/Relieve stress/game/concentration
Cleva® USB MediTAG is a Medical Tag that electronically stores vital personal information on a USB device for use in an emergency.
The world’s first proven truly wireless earbuds that translates your voice in real-time with advanced audio quality.
Lose the wallet, find the freedom. Slim minimal money and credit card holder ready for travel, business or adventure.
Small town police forces don't always have the resources to provide for the unique needs of female officers and their body armor.
Wengash Silver underwear: 100% pure silver. Block cell phone, wifi and microwave radiation, protect your reproductive organs and sperm
Get ready for the next product that you can’t live without
A backpack with a built in solar panel to charge any USB device. Includes removable battery pack, USB cable, and 7 different adapters!
This project is designed to obtain flash drive bracelets with a child's information on it for parents to wear in case of emergencies
Pacha's Pajamas is an epic story told through books, music, videos and now augmented PJs that's uplifting kids everywhere!
Zossom is a smart phone case with a strap. Forget the days of shattered screens and scratches. The Zossom case keeps your phone safe.
Wearsafe: connect with the press of a wearable button, keeping you safer wherever you are and more secure in whatever you’re doing.
The MOVEMENT delivers the same tracking functions as the industry leaders at a fraction of the cost. SUPPORT our Project Today.
Meet Spark: The friendly companion that helps you stay awake during the day. Re-released with new features!
Innovative smart glasses allow you recording videos, taking pictures and connecting to your phone with smart defined gestures.
You will never run out of battery, this will save you in a crucial moment
iBackPack 2.0  - 3G/4G Wi-Fi/Mi-Fi, Bluetooth Audio, Massive Batteries, 6 USB, Wireless/Car Charger, 50 Pockets, Bulletproof Options
BUHEL SG05 Bluetooth Bone Conduction Glasses Communicate With Smartphones, Electronic Devices, Tablets, Mp3 Players, GPS, iPhone, etc.
When you're near your phone, your phone is unlocked. When you leave, it locks itself. Automatically.
Performance apparel scientifically proven to outperform every major sportswear brand. Stay cooler & drier than ever before. Guaranteed.
MOTA SmartRing keeps you connected with who and what matter most. Calls, texts, email and social networking in style.
I want to complete my exoskeleton, EXOSUS, so that it can be on display at Maker Faire Toronto 2016 and the Daily Planet.
Foldable VR-glasses for all HD smartphones mounted on a baseball cap. Very comfortable to wear & carry. Best image quality.
The one and only wearable that analyzes your body composition. Welcome to the new era of body tracking!
Razer Ring is the world's lightest and thinnest ring. It's handmade from a solid block of carbon fiber and polished to a perfect finish
Arduino: Geschichte, Modelle, Compatibles, Input, Output, PWM, LEDs, Servos, Stepmotors, PushNotifications, PebbleWatch, iOS
Meet Smash, the world's first responsive coaching wearable for tennis.
Imogen Heap's state-of-the-art wearable tech lets you control sounds with your hands. Let's change the way we make music!
Violet is the first-ever wearable device that helps track your UV exposure and measure sun-generated vitamin D.
Ride better with MindRider, a helmet that tracks your mind’s performance while you bike. Share your rides to make for safer streets.
The Personal-Pi is a computerized jacket run by the Raspberry-Pi and integrated with Voice command, WiFi, Camera, Keyboard and Display.
GoGlove and GoBand offers a wearable bluetooth remote made to interact with your mobile device.  Control your music like never before.
An awesome bike mount for your Pebble smart watch. 
#makeawesomehappen
#bikemore
With a comfortable removable heart rate sensor Advicy Drive detects drowsy driving and fatigue: monitor your pulse any where, any when!
Our nighttime flag football kit has fiber-optics and interactive LED technologies to light players, football, flags and the field.
Using wearable technology, a virtual learning platform, and a rowing boat to bring the ocean and Vikings alive for kids worldwide.
The new revolution within gait analysis. Monitor your running realtime leading to optimal running performance and staying injuryfree.
Tzoa is the first wearable that measures air pollution and UV exposure in your immediate environment using advanced sensor technology.
Nightro Athletic is designed to be worn both day & night to complement your busy lifestyle. For every backer, We donate running socks!
A device that fits in your back pocket or attaches to your belt. It measures your gases and tells you what foods to avoid.
Connect the WEZR sensor to get with real time, up to date and ultra local weather forecast on your smartphone.
A Wolf Abroad is a virtuality reality travel experience made possible by 3D 360° HD Video with 3D Omni-Binaural Audio
A neural profile and practice regimen that tells you how quickly and accurately your brain and nervous system make decisions.
The new Powerlace auto-lacing system is the most effective means of tying shoelaces the hands-free way.
Ear-O-smart is the world’s first fashionable, smart earring which helps in monitoring your heart rate, calories, and activity level.
Muscle activity measurement apparel: Mbody Coach
- intelligent shorts with real-time audio-coaching and embedded EMG technology!
Monitor your babies' temperature, body position, sleep, and medicine administration. iOS / Android apps (Fits Ages 0-5+ yrs)
Stabilize Your Filming, And Never Drop Your Phone! The World's First Wearable Smartphone Case With An Adjustable Arm For Stabilization.
A 3D Printed NFC-enabled Locket for sharing photos and videos with just a tap to a phone.
La tua giornata sportiva monitorata nel tuo polso??!!!
Rendiamolo possibile... VIVI DI CUORE --- All MADE in ITALY
Power Go es una linea de cargadores solares para dispositivos móviles, amigables con el medio ambiente y de bajo costo.
Removable collars and cuffs along with hidden underarm designs that prevent embarrassing and stubborn stains. What does YOUR shirt do?
The Lifeclock One is an officially licensed, supercharged version of Snake Plissken’s countdown watch from Escape from New York.
A radiation shield for your fitness tracker, smartwatch or other wearable smart device
Personalizing your Apple Watch has never been easier. Ten different colors to match any lifestyle. Time is precious, protect it.
A revolutionary, cycling safety device is born! Signum indicators close the communication gap between cyclists and other road users.
Prana is the first wearable combining breath and posture tracking to make your sitting time count.
You can control how much air enters the helmet by opening or closing the vents. This is very useful in bad weather, or for competition.
Unique small wearable personal air conditioning device that provides the user a 10-15 degree environmental difference on his person.
Show your fidelity by wearing the Trustee rings! Show where you are (at)!
Glasses, not for you but your virtual reality headset. Prescription lens adapters, lenses and more to make your VR experiences better.
The first 3D Xray Vision Instrument FREE* for researchers, scientists, entrepreneurs, developers, educators, artists, and explorers.
TapTap is a technology to transfer touch between two people. It can also be an activity tracker, a game controller or smart alarm.
A-iEasy™: The first customized unfoldable stand for smartphones that barkly needs room. Wholy integrated (will be relaunched soon!!).
In case you missed out on this campaign but are interested in owning a Hotblack London watch, please visit www.hotblacklondon.com.
Realtime feedback for swim & triathlon training! Visually monitor pace & intervals to improve fitness. For swimmers & triathletes.
SPEEDWRAPS improve the speed, agility & strength of an athlete by utilizing evenly distributed weight on the lower leg.
The closest thing ever to the Holy Grail of wearables technology
Driver Alert System es un sistema de seguridad para el conductor, que le avisa en caso de perder la posicion vertical mientras conduce.
Forget your headphones. Wear Hy all day for voice-controlled music, calls, biometrics and more, with a huge battery and hidden fit.
Glowbelt is the world's first rectractable LED safety belt for fans of the great outdoors, fitness enthusiasts, children and more.
A "handheld" light, which eases the way you illuminate objects and/or paths.
Shirts, so technologically advanced, they connect mentally to their audience upon sight.
Our wearable and app automates the poke you normally get from your bedpartner to make you stop snoring and making you turn to the side.
Making important medical data of active people available to first responders of an emergency by wearing a dog tag bearing a QR Code
The first GPS tracker created entirely in Italy that allows you to know where your pet is located at any time throughout any device.
Mouse^3 is the next generation of input devices. With cursor control and customized gesture recognition, its applications are endless!
Translate sight into touch with a wrist-mounted wearable. A revolution for visually impaired people everywhere.
Cool air flowing under clothing keeps you cool.
We've created the perfect sports chalk- antibacterial, lasts longer, better grip, and no mess! Now we need a non-provisional patent!
The 1st club in your bag should be between your ears!  Light up Your Brain Power. Play Smarter. Swing the LUMIC Band..
Snoring shouldn't ruin your or your partner's sleep and you don't need expensive, uncomfortable or ugly devices to help the problem
A Hands Free head mounted display adapter that supports the I AM Cardboard dscvr VR viewer for comfortable extended 3-D/VR viewing.
A mask for home or travel that will give you the best, undisturbed sleep of your life.
Find your pet when it's missing, digitally store pet-related information, and locate pet friend establishments and services.
Soft edged-Hard working. The perfect wearable organization for the home and professional shop.
The CCP Pack is a bag that charges your smartphones and tablets on the go! Also holds small important items. "Never Without Power".
T-Shirt with Led panel controlled by Android app over WiFi. 
Multiple shirts, games, text, video effects support,
Der INBED ist ein innovatives Multisensor-Wearable für die Sturzprävention motorisch eingeschränkter Personen.
Rider worn tail light brake light. Adheres to virtually any coat, jacket or vest. Stays on even when you get off.
Revolutionizing the way we walk our dogs!
Audionoggin: Wireless personal surround sound for the athlete in everyone.
IRring is the worlds first universal remote control that fits on your finger and controls your TV, your lighting, and your life.
Turn your iPhone into wearable tech & GoPro. Features: Selfie Stick, Tripod, & Protective Top. Great for everyday carry.
PAXIE™ is a GPS enabled safety wearable for kids that promotes discovery and play while offering parents peace of mind.
You can rent out your Car with Uber. 
You can rent out your Home with Airbnb. 
Now you can rent out your CLOSET with SemiYOURS!
A Leather Smart watch Band, that NEVER needs to be charged for only $37!
Brown Leather and Black Nylon extra-long Apple Watch bands for large wrists connects to 42mm. Go measure! Design fits 190-250mm wrists.
The Pi (Arduino-Compatible) is a new kind of wearable. It's a diy smartwatch with a round display, touch ring, and a powerful CPU!
Introducing the iDavit, a revolutionary crane-like system that’ll allow you to work anywhere. Hands free to be totally hands on.
WE are molding an educated, motivated, non violent GENERATION!
Tired of fumbling around for the audio controls on your phone?  Easily control your music with the GoMote and a click of your thumb.
Palms Free RetractableCell Phone Harness fits all Cell phones Iphone 4 5 6 7 Galaxy S Go Pro Ipad Mini and Tablets Keep your hands free
ICE SHIRT; running, multi-sport, cycling, & athletic wear shirts that hold melting ice to cool you on hot days.
Better Beanie is the new therapeutic wearable designed to assist you while keeping your hands free.
Anyone who want to support of this will be credited. This will be my ultimate build. Full animatronics, from arms, legs, H.U.D, etc
Geek & Chic Smart Jewelry Collection, Wearables Meet Style!
Stainless Steel Modular Ring with screw on bezels for WiFi + Bluetooth + NFC Wireless modules with open source IOS and Android Apps
Our amazing product is simple and sleek. Our laser system is USB rechargeable for hours of fun. Android / Apple App Controlled.
Slackers Patent-Pending Magnetic Clip and Cable System, Amazing Sound, Durability and Value Can't Be Beat...AT ANY PRICE!!
The RS-1 is one of the most innovative workout tools to hit the market ever.  A must have for anyone that enjoys new ways to get fit.
The device that allows those with artificial knees or arthritic knees to kneel down without putting pressure on their knees.
Horologic5 creates a case for the Apple Watch that reflects true luxury & style. Check out the Garstin Luxury Case in 38mm/42mm
The Cinnamon II is an Apple® ][ compatible wrist watch. Featuring 32k of memory and a 1 Mhz cpu. It's the ultimate in geek fashion.
The unique adapter to apply standard watch straps at your Samsung Gear S2 Sport and Sport 3G! Small, functional and handsome.
hidn tempo is an intelligent watch band that allows you to monitor your stress and manage it anywhere, anytime.
Trequant is specifically designed for people with tremors. It helps them to track and analyse their tremors for better understanding.
Jayster devices and Jayster app both use Bluetooth Smart technology to provide the most user-friendly system for finding lost valuables
Tabla Alpha-Num AEIOU Universal Remote & Keyboard + Control. Multi platform wireless use anywhere wearable invisibles development kit.
revolutonary ultra-slim 2-in-1 Smart  2-in-1 I-PHONE handle/WALLETtm with 360 rotatiion
Our t-shirt maintains steady temperatures through hot and cold focal points capable of reaching a 36ºF/20ºC range in under 2 minutes!
Hello world,

My name is Earl Eddings, I'm just your average hard working family man from Virginia. I'm here because I need you to help
Make your heart shine and watch it work! Cardiglow tracks improvements, times intervals and translates heart rate into color.
Amazing heated snow sport gloves; synonymous with quality, fusing innovative heat technology, style, functionality & unique design.
Always know where your precious children are. Let them explore the world freely and in a secure way by using the Kidswatcher.
It’s original, fashion and unique, Ohyear is the first cover for your earphones that wears your style.
Designed and made in Italy
The most useful phone charger you will ever buy
The revolutionized carseat, where no child will be left alone in a hot vehicle ever again. This alarm will save multiple babie's lives.
Russell & Sons Watches

RS Watches is a business that provides quality watches at an affordable price. RS Watches was created with th
The HOTTEST and COOLEST thing yet! WairConditioning... an entirely new level of comfortability!
Shield TL is a tail light for a bicycle w/ radar technology. It makes you more visible to cars and drivers at a greater distance.
World‘s First Heated Leather Jacket 
with Integrated Bluetooth System,
Handsfree Set (Microphone and Speakers)
and Cellphone Charger.
DAZLN nails light up near NFC devices like your mobile phone. If you're tired of receiving or gifting the same old thing look here!
Study the behaviour of technical communities by tracking their movement  through wearables
The iPhanny keeps your iPhone 6 safe from bending in those dangerous pants pockets.
Ollinfit is the first wearable fitness trainer with 3 sensors for superior accuracy, feedback and results.
Built in running, cycling, pedometer, and golf features for the edge you need to perform at your very best!
World's smallest & smartest earbuds: works with hand gestures, Water proof and has health features.
iCoolPack is the tech accessory that you need especially if you are always on the go!
The world's first Bluetooth controllable LED tie- The coolest piece of clothing you've ever seen. Get noticed by everyone who sees you
The world's first wearable product which tracks fitness and safety at the same time, accurately & reliably for peace of mind!
Edge Goalkeeping is a new goalkeeper glove brand to come. Sports equipement project, funds needed. Soccer, football, passion, sports.
In today's busy world, taking care of yourself is essential. With JaiWear's innovative massage shirt, "A Better Recovery Awaits...`"
Keeping love ones and our selves seen and safe is easy with these NEWEST Lighted Vests. :-)
LOVE FASHION BE EARTH FRIENDLY. Luxury eco shopping meets eco friendly product/industry news - videos, and social media.
Fonelet is a lightweight wrist band cell phone holder, it is a simple way to carry a cell phone while doing any activity.
Fitti Guard - The smart and attentive companion watch helps you to stay fit and safeguarded from environmental influences
Packs flat. Strap in your smart phone & get the virtual reality experience. EVEN WORKS IF YOU WEAR GLASSES.
Designed to make a Rider more visible. A lighting system that  automatically illuminates only when the helmet is worn.
Cell phone straps or " Cell Strap" is essenltialy just a velcro strap that is attached to the users wrist, palm or top of hand.
The EZC Smartlight is a rider worn tail light, brake light kit that attaches to virtually any coat, jacket or vest.
The world’s 1st wearable endurance meter for athletes to break their personal best in running, cycling, and hiking.
Raising money for a prototype device that pulses beats by bluetooth connecting to a drum sequencer app. PICTURE IS NOT THE DEVICE.
Pandora P1 main part got motion testing function and phone information encryption function.
Qblinks is a tiny cloud collaborated Bluetooth 4.0 device that allows you to remotely get smartphone notifications and control it, too!
Computers should be built around us, instead of us building our lives around them. Genzo is that computer.
An ornate pendant that uses sensors and other electronics to accentuate and intensify jewelry's already inherent functionalities.
The Smaharty 3-in-1 Sleep Mask, Hair Band, and Hair Ty. Patent Pending technology helping you achieve deeper REM SLEEP & STYLISH HAIR.
Snapback cap with big full colour LED panel, controlled by app. Animations, Color, Games, Text, Video, effects, support
Learn the way you move by tracking and measuring your foot pressure, improving your athletic performance and active lifestyle
The Acticheck Assure is a revolutionary 'fit & forget' smart band that continuously monitors & connects you to help whenever you need.
Type 1's fight every day to manage their disease. Now PumpPockets manage their insulin pump and its tubing. Life changer. Click on.
Boost Band is a Wearable Portable Power Bank that can charge any device.
WOOLF is a legal and simple device that you put at your wrist to be warned of speed traps, school zones, & red light cameras.
A slim sixty-LED watch that bares its parts on a circuit board face.
Congratulations, you can now carry out your own Electro Cardiogram (ECG) from the comfort of your own home.
Ever wondered what your dog has done today? Do you know if they’re getting enough exercise? Now you can solve the mystery with PitPat!
100's of WET perfume and cologne samples from 100's of your favorite fragrance brands all in one magazine!
Sunda is solar powered wearable, measures 3D movement, posture, temperature and light intensity with exact time stamp.
The Bandalight bicycle light is easy to use, has great visiblity and it fits perfectly on your body. Bandalights: it's wearable safety!
No more fingerprints on your touchscreen. Simply put on a thimbl and enjoy a clean screen.
Now, you can make phone calls with Pebble watch, experience private calls with Apple watch, or make ANY fashion watch a smartwatch.
Be in charge of your own State of Mind - be more creative - meditate - stimulate your mind - with the Psychedelic MIDI Goggles !
Dry-active is a smart wearable device that solves the problem of moisture build up when wearing Water Resistant & Water Proof Jackets
ThynkBot is a mind-controlled robot that uses with the power of your brainwaves. It's like you have magic powers over technology!
World's first wearable technology for plants means you can see and hear your plants communicate.  Help decode the language of plants.
A HoloLens app that helps autistic individuals recognize emotions, improve conversation skills, and access reminders / information.
A brand new way to use your mobile device hands-free no matter where you go!
A smart breathe mask to help you build better breathing habits and empower your life.
Connected glasses with live camera & audio system link to an App with users that help blind to solve problems.
www.never-blind.com
We seek to change the paradigm of engineering for global health by providing a comprehensive portable toolkit for low-resource settings
A simple way to secure Apple AirPods in your ears. No strings needed! A Web featured, simple design to remedy your AirPod anxieties!
Space Age Clothing Company that protects us 100% from the Sun's UV Radiation & Beyond. What is your Life worth?
Please Watch video!
An evolution in sportswear? Find out for yourself and help fund our second phase production order!
Bibayo is a multitalented device that enables virtual connection to your childs point of view using smart devices.
3Dmykicks.com is COMBINING ART AND 3D TECHNOLOGY for creative footwear... designed by you!
Bladeflex is a new patent pending device designed to help you restore and maintain your correct posture, improving your overall health.
A smart and portable baby comfort monitor that makes it easier to enjoy outdoor adventures with the whole family.
WOOLF is a legal and simple device that you put at your wrist to be warned of speed traps, school zones, & red light cameras... forever
Smart gadget that tests sunscreen, protects you and your children from sunburn. Measures skin, sunscreen, UV levels and gives warning.
A lost child wearing a hat with a smart tag, can be reunited with their parents, when a person with an NFC Smartphone taps their hat.
A stunning new wrist altimeter. Altitude awareness, redefined.
MOTION TO MUSIC recreates Guitar Hero and Dance Dance Revolution experience in a mobile app to use as personal trainer or party game.
What if there was a way to dry your wet or sweaty clothes 100 times faster without requiring any work? Now it’s possible.
The custom eyewear features a built-in display system, allowing fisherman to view fish finder content such as depth and temperature.
Turn your favourite analogue timepiece at home into a smart wearable with Patch, a stylish yet smart watch strap
Help us build a secure crowd-sourced network of smartphones to find lost children!
An active safety vest/helmet. It's bright enough to be a headlight, has touch sensors for indicators and 4hr battery life.
We have patented a new orthotic system that uses carbon fiber and applied mechanics to enhance the performance and safety of footwear.
Applying Science to Professional Sports
The NoonWear Ones let you see your screens in the sun. Don't be kept inside!
A tiny development kit with Bluetooth BLE 4.0, accel and GPS for your innovative wearable projects.
Our small board, your BIG idea.
If you lose your mobile device, you can recover it thanks to technology developed by idenCODE PHONE ®, "The prevents loss"
The brand-new approach to carrying and storing your football gear which provides the comfort you haven't experienced before.
Aivot is a gadget for high quality technological projects that links to a PC & Tablet App based on Windows to program unlimitedly.
Full titanium body, make phone calls without tethering to a smartphone, water resistant up to 50m, unique built-in running app.
Bringing online dating to the real world... meet your match the old fashioned way, slightly upgraded :-)
LED lighted lower body athletic wear with built-in GPS enabled panic alarm.
Nomax™ is a portable, outdoor, total body exercise belt, providing both resistance and suspension. Train where you want, when you want!
NEODiVRjr is a Virtual Reality viewer made specifically for kids using the world's leading smart device for kids, the Apple iPod Touch.
A suit that helps you float on the water. And breathe underneath it.
Basically this idea will allow you to:
A) Wear a snap-on bracelet legitimately(ish)
B) Eat, Rinse, Repeat

:)
Two short training sessions a week can improve your ability to think clearly and get things done.
Did I lock the door? Askey is here to help! Check if you locked the door and find your keys using our smart device!
W-sitting solution!  Provides immediate alarm when child is W-sitting.  The FixSit (patent pending).
Whole range of garments: a cap, bandana, shirt with detachable hood (hoodie), pants (trousers) – clothing which win battle with insects
Providing emergency medical information to EMT's and medical personnel by use of return texting or scanning the convenient QR code.
We want to ensure a better future for our next generation of pet lovers and furry friends. We are a company vested in saving the planet
The world’s only collar that sends you personalized messages of your dog’s daily activity.
Forget previous limits & power any USB device at the same rate as a wall charger (2A) but via clean solar energy straight from the sun!
A convenient solution for Pebble owners to charge in the washroom, kitchen, or while travelling.
Hack your sleep with the first open source sleep tracker. Coach your way to amazing rest with the most advanced sleep system yet.
The lightest and only adjustable, view-shifting glasses. Now you can read, text, watch tv, or work & reverse the effects of text neck.
Changewear® patented technology allows for customization in apparel with interchangeable Colorfils® inserts.
A revolutionary way to bring running science to everyday people and help runners of all levels achieve a more natural and enjoyable run
AirString keeps your AirPods from getting lost by keeping the pair together with a  durable and premium quality string.
A stylish, durable safety light band on your wrist or ankle holds a watch or another modular accessory.
Imagine a mouse that automatically moves your pointer to where your head is facing. Its an air mouse hidden inside a standard headset.
Save Oregon Baby™ Diapers, a handmade business, run by awesome moms in Southern Oregon, from permanently closing!
Culbox is an Open Source Wrist Watch for Arduino with built in Bluetooth and bunch of Hi-Tech sensors and tons of features for Makers
Have you ever dreamed of having a pet duckling, but concerned about all the pooping, here is a a solution to help solve that issue.
The first navigation system, usable by each means of transport, that will take you wherever you want without thinking about the route.
A card holding companion to your phone that acts as a placing device for all your devices.  Grips to any material too.
Beautiful automatic watches, made for every moment.
Sports, business, casual.....it fits every moment of your life.
FINCLIP, the revolutionary scuba diving accessory that when attached to your fins makes getting them on the simplest thing in the world
SmoothEye tracks eye movements to accurately measure alertness and focus level, allowing you to easily and reliably test your brain.
Fashion accessories used to instantly link with people you meet and exchange contact info, money, documents, media and so much more.
Will assist the deaf to have better communication and safety through the use of LCD glassware with audio & sensory components.
Listen to sounds by feeling an array of vibrational patterns against your body.
24+ hour online class in WatchKit development from an expert iOS developer and instructor via unconventional, innovative projects.
Having a baby or looking for the perfect gift for a baby shower?
Discover NapTime, a silent baby monitor that improves your sleep.
Sinapsi is the first heated jacket designed in Italy.
Now you can manage your jacket by smartphone. Power bank 5/x Charger included.
For the isolated rice farmer. For the 14-hour taxi driver. This tiny MP3 player has the entire New Testament Bible... in their language
World's first bio-feedback posture device for your entire back. Trains back, neck, thoracic & ab segments by using only 30 min/day.
A combination of hardware and software that will provide an increase in the quality of life of those with vision impairment.
We are two friends building an interactive VR software + hardware system that everyone can enjoy!
Our fabric is Anti-Microbial, our inks won't fade and our rash guards test 99% UVA/UVB protective. Performance rash guards, redefined.
It's time to move the watch. A computer on your wrist, without the twist.
We put hats on pets! Introducing the easiest and most comfortable way for your pet to wear hats!
Retrofit-suspension kit for manual wheelchairs. Made for wheelchairs users by wheelchair users.
Automated motorcycle/bicycle wearable indicator and brake lighting
With a built in light bounce to fill your face, SelfiePICTEE is THE tshirt for anyone that wants to look their best in selfies.
jmpLite (Jump Light) is the world's first safety light that uses no batteries. No batteries! Ever!
COOLSNAKE™ ecological, green, low-carbon footprint, Earth friendly, compostable solution to hydration w/o pollution
The only product available that is scientifically tested and proven to help stabilize and prevent ankle sprains.  (2 patents pending)
SoftShield is the first t-shirt with an incorporated protective structure: an high performance sport apparel in technological fabric.
A Hands Free Headgear head mounted display adapter that supports the Samsung Gear VR viewer for comfortable extended 3-D/VR viewing.
University-developed science empowering individuals to use a simple wristband to measure their environmental chemical exposure.
When you need help, just touch the ring - mBand is complete personal protection, wrapped around your finger.
This is the most comfortable Sleep Mask you will ever buy. Bluetooth connect to SonnoBT Smartphone app. & sleep anywhere.
A Simple, Hackable, Connected Wearable that Keeps You Close to Friends, Sends You Notifications and Quickly Finds Your Phone.
Create affordable, high quality, safe, make up for women going through chemotherapy or radiation.  
By a licensed Oncology Esthetician
The attention of your loved ones is only a name call away, bring the same convenience to the deaf community with the tap of a button.
Stop checking your phone a million times a day. Wear nudge, and get one when something important happens.
A simple, vibrating belt that trains your muscles to maintain the correct posture, providing more confidence and higher energy levels.
The D-Pro is a lightweight, moisture-wicking headband with a padded carbon fiber insert that reduces the risk of head injury in sports.
Mist Buddy is a remote controlled misting system, powered by a rechargeable battery with misting/sipping tip for complete coolness.
Arcus gives your fingers super powers.
PowerPack is an efficient and affordable backpack with a lithium-ion charger for all electronic devices offering charges on the go!
Bright Sign is a smart glove that translates sign language to text and speech to help give a voice to those who can't speak
Are you tired of reaching for your flashlight at night or maneuvering to light that book at night before going to sleep? Me too.
The Safest Most Effective way to " STOP " Texting While Driving. A RED Mylar Stop sign decal, you apply to your Right Thumbnail.
Keep your new Apple Watch free from everyday nicks and scratches with the ability to still use the crown wheel and push button.
SlikSpeak's wearable Bluetooth product allows you to have an active lifestyle but still stay connected to friends, family & work
these training safety glasses will help develope the young basketball player in learning hand to ball contact without watching the ball
BIKEHUD ADVENTURE - Retrofitting HUD for motorcycle helmets
Do you wonder what your cat is saying to you?
Now you can know with "CatChatter".
The first wearable electronic translator for cats.
PuttRay is a laser that clips to your hat, projecting a line on the ground to help you orient your body and putt towards the hole.
A/C Or heat anywhere this project uses a 12 volt heat pump to create personal comfort control anywhere, riding, working, playing.
The Tikker LifeFX is an Interactive Wellness and Activity Tracker designed to help you modify your lifestyle choices for better living.
Odor absorbing dog tags use a unique component derived from a non-toxic plant—safe & environmentally friendly.
Periodshare is ~IoT for menstruating women~ committed to breaking the menstruation taboo ; not by hiding it but by sharing it!
Protect yourself and the people around you from unlawful acts,  false statements, and harm, with a personal tamper-proof body camera.
Incredible Smart helmet with live streaming via mobile network and TV network
Ristola watches made in La Chaux de-Fonds, Switzerland. A new brand of COSC and ISO Certified Professional watches.
We make stylish sports clothing from LED jackets to backpacks and LED arm bands.With our LED technology you're sure to be seen in style
A modern day locket that uses NFC technology to link your precious photos, videos, apps, and more. Choose our design or submit yours.
Harnessing wearable technology as a powerful defense for food-allergy children.
The Forcite Alpine helmet records 4K footage and keeps you connected all in one sleek design.
Sweat resistant, colorful, durable, CUSTOMIZABLE, watch bands & protector bands that fit the Moto360 smartwatch.
Our knee sleeve monitors your muscles and recommends rest time (on a mobile app) when it detects overexertion!
MICLOP es una cabina portable impresa en 3D protegida en el interior con espuma acústica, reduce el ruido ambiental o rebote de sonido.
R-CON is a wearable that measures running form. Instantly know when your form is breaking down and when you are running your strongest.
A beautiful biometric smartphone wrist dock, features a revolutionary reusable adhesive; 3 position phone stand and multi-purpose tool.
The first action sports training sleeve/leg protector of its kind to offer an unduplicated level of targeted protection!
The world's most advanced jacket for SMARTPHONE USER ,for WORKOUT, for TRAVEL, for OUTDOOR /Bluetooth Charging Wearable Apparel
Versa Prima: The first portable and wearable LED strip that's controlled via Bluetooth. Designed to be versatile for your creativity.
CHEMION is an eyewear device that lets you show your creativity to the world.
SKIN - The wearable music remote control which makes your fitness lifestyle a bit easier
Send an alert for help and find missing people, pets, and valuables with the touch of a button. Get yours today!
Enjoy high-quality sound and the possibility to control your smartphone and apps using custom voice commands and head movements.
Owl is a fitness tracker along with an accompanying iOS app, that is both fun and interactive for children.
Tempi Is a Wearable Bluetooth Device That Gives Accurate Temperature and Humidity Readings.
Instantly alert and show friends and family where you are during an assault or an emergency with a ring that fits on your finger
....SHARES YOUR PHOTOS, viral pics, things you like or don't. Your latest ideas, news, clever sayings & memes. WITH CHRISTMAS DELIVERY.
A KickStarter exclusive! Introducing the Falyon SDJ-01, the world's FIRST self-drying jacket.
Cycling, running, swimming or swinging measure it all with one 3Dmotion Smart Sensor.
YOUR MUSIC, MOBILE ASSISTANT, TEXTS, EMAIL AND PHONE CALLS STRAPPED TO YOUR WRIST.  MEET THE FOUR BUTTONS THAT WILL CHANGE YOUR LIFE!
Combining style and function, WiTology brings you the world's most Supercharged Urban C-SERIES : The Urban Messenger, Wallet & Mini
The VDOCK is the only way to Dock your Cell Phone that keeps your device open for easy Swipe & Type! This Product makes life easier.
Increase your creative potential - brainwaive entrainment - lucid dreaming - psychedelic steampunk cyber goggles - USB MIDI iPad iPhone
Illuminated performance footwear.
Imagine all you could do if you were able to become invisible.  Imagine the places you could go and things you could see.
The VDOCK is the World's first line of Cell Phone holders that uses Magnets for the body and can be hidden under clothing.
With one click and command, your phone will do exactly what you want so you can have more time to focus on the things that matter most.
There are more than 1000 bicyclist accidents every year, and the ELECWEAR sports vest and it's LED features helps cyclists be seen!
The World's clearest, fastest transitioning, and toughest photochromic technology. Originally developed for the U.S. Military.
Harsaa is a small compact wireless Bluetooth earbud packed with big tech features and deliver far more than just listening to music.
Watches that helps a person with everyday stress and anxiety by implementing natural stones and Subconscious Influence Technology
Tangle-free and fashionable, Alkimees come with interchangeable pendants for every occasion.
Snaptrax is the ultimate in wearable technology.  A baseball cap with a hidden bluetooth device for vocal control of your smartphone.
The world's most portable VR Glasses:: Dlodlo V1
Dull and plain surgery's kit out ! Long life Tik & Dik,the fun and colorful printed sterile kit for kid waiting surgery in hospitals!
Imagine having your headphones pause your music for you just by taking them off.
Keep your friends close and your beer closer. Your hip is where you brew belongs, not left alone amongst thirsty "friends".
We'd like to offer a real variety of color options. Help us start creating earphones that really express your personality.
Earbuddy is here, never lose your Bluetooth earbud again,Earbuddy is a two piece keychain that unsnaps into a Bluetooth earbud with mic
It's time to move forward.
The ULTIMATE solution to the age old problem of – Where do I put my hat or cap when I get in my vehicle?  Patent pending  hat rack.
The Cage Hat is a system to protect American Football Players Head and Neck during play.
A band of rubber tubes attached in between two freezable, squeezable reservoirs which is placed around your neck.
I have an idea to make a onesie that can monitor your baby's heartbeat and O2 stats
The best sports and training support products on the market today.
The Cell Glove is a wearable cellphone case designed to allow the wearer to be able to access their phone while having that hand free.
Affordable, widely available, and easy to learn computer mouse for those who are physically impaired.
Finders Fee Tags are small stickers that allow you to tag your valuables the same way you tag your bags at the airport.
No worries of where to find your wallet and phone! Erisonic Smart Wallet will always help you.
First class travel for economy class passengers is now possible with the use of The Kooshy travel pillow!!
Diamodo smart jewelry art is proven live waiting for your support now!
Helps keep bars and implements in place during exercise and training leading to enjoyable productive workouts.
Foldable roller skates that can be hidden under your pants and be pulled out to ride the wind at any time--- The Wind Wheels!
Battery Plug is a portable electrical power supply with a rechargeable battery that allows you to plug whatever, wherever you want!
Qoo Bracelet is social media you wear.  Share music, videos, pics and more in seconds. Connect others instantly to your social media.
A unique and innovative personal identification system in the form of a punched key wristband uniquely keyed to each member account.
Electronic Robotic eyes. Almost one year to Halloween, but prepare yourself!
Filmmakers would find useful too for special effects!
The Fitbit for athletes & sports people who want to reduce injuries and improve performance.
Relay—a Bluetooth 4.1 low-energy device— silently notifies you of calls, emails or texts from specific contacts on your smartphone.
Pools,rivers,lakes, waterways are becoming more contaminated; Vulpro protects female genitalia from bacteria,germs,chemicals,and debris
Improving a player’s “court vision” or peripheral vision has multiple problems. We have the solution!
ARTSTATE –GPS Watch combining analog watch with GPS signal. A Watch that tells you the exact Time and Time Zone no matter where you are
A new All-In-One Backpack for all your stuff! A secure way to Easily Flip open and work on your laptop while traveling. Made in USA!
The BodyBand is an alternative to the the armband and another way capture video with your cellphone simultaneously.
Almost all NFC bracelets are made of silicone. I personally wouldn't wear it. 
Our leather bracelet looks much better!
MAKE YOUR WATCH SMART : SimpliCT Band: a simple way to transform almost any watch in a connected watch
have you ever seen a person wearing a fully functional Iron Man suit??  i want to build one and be that guy!
I need $100,000 to fund a working prototype for a watch that CAN generate ITS own energy via magnets
The XG4 is an ultra-lightweight, carbon fiber shoe insole designed to maximize speed, propulsion and agility.
Winter is here & just in time we have developed these very affordable battery powered heated boots, no more cold feet !
The world's first interactive pajamas. Just scan one of the dots on the pj's for a bedtime story. Each pattern is a new story!
NanoGuard Formal Wear Socks. The first of its kind nano-silver that fights off and eliminates odor causing bacteria.
Introducing the world’s first on-glove wearable. Walkie-talkie with friends & control your music. Never take your gloves off again!
Luminous system conceived especially for the helmets motorcycle.
Electroluminescent wire flat, adhesive, with refillable battery.
Tempi is a Bluetooth Wearable Thermometer that measures the temperature in your immediate surroundings. WE ARE RELAUNCHING See below
Fits on any helmet, built on proven technology, BIKEHUD ADVENTURE is the smallest, lightest, most advanced motorcycle Head-Up Display
SLNGR is a neck strap apparatus that props your phone up front and center for easy, hands-free viewing.
Buddy is an LED dog collar with GPS and Bluetooth technology that keeps dogs safe while tracking & organizing your pets daily activity.
This project hopes to create a modular shoulder brace using sensors to determine position and to limit movement of an injured shoulder
Simple-Preventative-Rechargeable-Interchangeable- Stylish
Wristband that prevents phone loss & missed calls, keeping you connected.
Glow-Tie is a Self-Contained, Rechargeable, Re-Programmable Style Statement. Light up your life with a Glow-Tie
New Mexico Connections Academy FUNdraiser!
Lock-in design bluetooth headphones.No worry of fall-out. Water resistant.Superior sound.Dual Microphones deliver crystal clear calls.
A discreetly hidden high definition video/audio camera which can live stream to your/others smartphones.Post directly to social media.
Count Bites is a health promotion wristband and mobile app that facilitate weight loss by quantifying and tracking food intake.
High Beam Shoes has combined a high quality sneaker with; you guessed it, a flashlight.
The EverDry sock is the ultimate in all-terrain footwear.  Combining waterproof/ breathable materials we bring the PERFECT winter sock.
We intend on making customizable Solar Panel book bags for students or anyone on the go. It has a power bank so you can stay charged.
Worlds first hi-tech evap cooling vest
The Headband cell phone flashlight will be very useful to everyone who carries a cell phone.
Headband that reads your brain signals, temperature, and pulse, and view data on a mobile phone.
The source of alpha waves is sending the rhythm through the body and helping our brain to tune to the specific "deep relaxation” mode
being able to make a statement anywhere saying anything for everyone to see
cell phone caddy allows hands free use of devise by hanging around your neck or in your vehicle and fits any smartphone.
SPO2+ health smart ring, help you know more, sleep and activity better, energize your life.
I am building a wearable pressure point device for stretching muscles. This device can be used for self massage and fitness training.
The KOOLCLAM is a "WHEN YOU WANT IT-WHERE YOU NEED IT" ICE or HEAT thermal pack system. It stores temperature for continued use..
Help us raise money to bring the MICROSOFT HOLOLENS experience to our community event and workshop this summer.
TAC allows the user to proactively alter their mood through biometrics and artistic output, sharing mood shifts and artwork w/friends.
Hello,
   
    Welcome to the Patriot 1 Glider Project. The Patriot 1 in basic, is the compact hang glider of tomorrow.
Motivated biomedical engineers with 3D printed EEG cap, Arduino ADC and classification algorithms. Helping reduced mobility patients.
Wearable DigiOptix Smart Camera allows you to record HD video, and use Bluetooth function to take picture, receive calls, listen music.
Wireless leash that keeps pets untangled, and also keeps you and pets safe from wild animals.
This is a light weight vest/jacket that is designed to promote motorcycle safety and enhance driver/passenger visibility with lights.
In the summer months, children are left in hot cars. This device will prevent that from happening
Stop buying overpriced headphones! Get out your earphones and create an amazing audio experience with our high quality headphones.
Vytal is an adhesive device that changes fitness tracking by wirelessly recording and sending 8 of your vital signs to your smartphone.
So-Gnar Sounds is developing a fully patented lifejacket and action sports apparel that has built-in waterproof stereo system.
Meet PAL, the most affordable, intuitive & innovative Pet Activity Link. Every dog should have one, our goal is to make that possible.
The Stay Warm Stay Connected Jacket has a built in Recordable Camera, Bluetooth Music and Lighting System.
Relay lets you know if you need to check your phone when that phone is not in your hand.  Put your phone away with Relay!
Track Anything, Anywhere, Anytime Without Bluetooth or a Phone!
Small Device, Big Peace Of Mind!
Smart Clothing is the platform that connects fashion with technology. The reason you will want to buy all of your clothes online.
Senso TRACK - Fitness, Activity, Health, Music, Vitals monitoring - all-in-one gadget for Sport and Wellness. Sense, track and manage
Smart Charge - Power Bags are designed to ensure not only a safe spot for your tablet/phone it also provides on the go battery power.
This gem is unlike any other on Earth. I think it is more sparkly than any other blue gem. It is also a very hard, durable gem!
Wherever you are, whichever device you have. weActiv connects you to all your friends or colleagues in one place, on one platform
Monitors and analyzes users’ brainwaves, U-Wake detects driver’s fatigue level and sends alarms to family/friends to keep user awake.
OHSKI is a suspension device that fits on skis and snowboards.
OHSNO is for die-hard snowboarders who want maximum control.
We are developing a low cost visual aid for the vision impaired. 
This platform is entirely not-for-profit.
Everyone understands QR codes. Get QR coded merchandise you can instantly reprogram on your phone. Promote yourself however you see fit
A new kind of briefcase that utilizes technology to further enhance its basic function, which is to keep paper nice and neat.
Party must-have garment with LED and sounds, with your body movement, the LED colorful light flashing accompanying horror sounds.
Child GPS (Patent Pending) is the World's first lockable bracelet GPS that can locate an abducted Child within 3 feet of accuracy.
A phone pocket cybernetic solar plexus device to close the gap to the Internet. A new sensor platform and social signaling medium.
GoSparq is a ski/snowboarding helmet that uses micro-turbines to harvest wind energy during descent to charge a battery for electronics
Shop Pockets® Utility Tool Vest. The most comfortable way to carry your tools!  Attach your tool pouches to our vest. Get yours now!
Turn Your Sunglasses Into A Contactless Payment NFC Wearable Wallet That You Can Tap And Pay With In Shops And Leave People Amazed.
Don't sleep lying down! Minimize contact with the ground and conserve core body temperature with this bivvy.
Walk your dog, jog,  or go on a walk with the kids in the dark,  with an amazing lighting up Electroluminescent panel for safety.
Run, walk, jump, anywhere with a drink with the neckglass, also play mobile beer pong
I want to make a mixed reality yu-gi-oh  game using the hololens to bring duel monsters to life , a childhood dream of mine.
KneePh - a wearable mechanism that allows you to use your mobile phone or tablet more conveniently.
I have designed contact lenses that change color/design via a Bluetooth application that will be available for mobile devices.
The charge band is a product that you can wear on the go that will actually charge  your devices as long as you have light!
Only $40. Get the 68 grams Stainless Steel Band that your Apple Watch Deserve. Available in Silver, Rose Gold and Space Gray
High Quality U.S. designed Bluetooth headphones. Sound and functionality surpasses Top U.S. brands.  Licensed for NFL and College fans.
A head impact tracking headband that will monitor and store your activities to better your health and well-being.
! Banda Vida !
Nous sommes souvent mal compris par les autres usagers de la route, cet accessoire montrera et exprimera mieux notre remerciement.
Take the power of the sun in your own hands with the Go Solar Gloves. Never suffer from a dead phone battery again.
Every time you use a public toilet you risk being infected through  direct skin contact with unsanitary, contaminated toilet-seats.
Why hasn't anyone made tape from football glove material before?
Your time is priceless your smartwatch shouldn't be.
Ultimate Foot Protection a unique, comfortable and flexible shoe insert that protects you from sharp objects like nails and glass.
Full-Dive Technology is a complete immersion into a virtual world where anything from gaming to education and training is possible.
Small wearable device to instantly notify people with push-to-talk and GPS.
Frequency HD Headphones Allows you to listen to music as if you were right in the studio. We are Music!!!
Wearable tech wet suit that brings comfort to uncomfortable environments. Climate controlled.
Micro wireless data collector with 2D/1D barcode reader, batch memory download or  real time bluetooth communication, in a key fob size
A superior sport/dive watch with no compromises in materials without breaking the bank.
Here's my contribution to the physical and mental wellness of the community.  This wearable will remind you to breathe well.
Telling time on a Hologram in mid-air, on flex-screen long as the strap or on beautiful screen w/ attached cases for perfume & utensils
Kelly Nichols and his Racing team are trying to fund a project that will allow us to race and produce apparel for the racing community.
Fashionable blue-tooth Smartwatch / Fitness band at an affordable price.
Ein Suspensorium das den Hodensack auf optimale Temperatur kühlt. Das Projekt dient der Erstellung eines Prototyps.
GPS clothing that can be monitored by smartphone or web-access for parents,prisons,day-cares,etc
(shoes,jackets,pants,etc)
SPEX! - wearable technology using revolutionary bone conduction expertise to enable hands & ears-free use of your mobile phone.
All-natural mosquito repellent to send to Africa and Asia to help prevent the spread of malaria.
This patented bracelet monitor utilizes fingerprint, pulse detection, talk capability, and anti tamper technology to monitor clients.
It is a product that can improve the driving safety while answering the phone.
The Worlds FIRST "GET UP" System - Our Patented Invention is proven to get the most stubborn over sleepers...STRAIGHT UP!!
Do you ever need to alert a friend, partner, student, employee, team member, staff member, etc... but you don't want to make a scene?
Un concept coloré, ludique et écologique pour le nouveau kit d'opéré chirurgical à usage unique pour enfant dans les hôpitaux !
Helmet with built in lights to rid the need for lights on a bike by making them in a more aesthetically pleasing and convenient form.
The PULSE MONITORING SYSTEM (Patent App. #14/319,328), bracelet that monitors the pulse variations of the wearer For unconscious people
A Smartband that connects to your lifestyle and controls your devices
A NEW bracelet that uses GPS technology is being developed.
World’s first protective gear in sports that adjusts itself to the player’s body and ensures superior protection and comfort.
C.A.G.A. is worn on a human shoulder and it will help making grossery and other everyday heavy lifting lighter in weight.
A Tether is a GPS locating insole.  Dual microphone.  Locate &  monitor from any smartphone, pc, or tablet.  Keeps children
super safe
Create an negative refractive index material for invisibility, so light can bend around an object without changing the background.
SDC Naperville has 1600 tech members, and AR is the next big thing.  Help us purchase it.  We'll run classes and share usage rights.
I am interested in developing respirator face masks embedded with an olfactory additive, such as menthol (like the menthol kleenex).
It's the music with a movement.
No more worrying about being disconnected from the world, the energy and the sound quality will always be with you.
Dunλmis BackPack
Modified gloves that include sensors and display screens to enable the user to track the number of punches thrown during a workout: ect
Make sure others can see you at night without you having to remember to turn on your light or constantly change batteries.
Help me Build LIFT, a soft upper body Exosuit to further develop Exisuits as a mechanism.
Bugs Beanie, "the Cult is Back". The best Beanie sound  you can get.
The first product demonstrating safe and continuous on-person
power for wearables.
A textile based soft case design that is soft, thin and light, yet holds almost as many credit cards and money as a regular wallet!
Helix bands manufactures a variety of bands for the Apple Watch made of top quality materials. Helix has a band for every occasion!
QUEREIS SER TOTALMENTE HERMOSAS Y HERMOSOS
THEY WANT TO BE TOTALLY BEAUTIFUL AND BEAUTIFUL?
The next time you go out to eat, do not use your wife's pink reading glasses, just ask for A Closer Look with Reader Sheets!
With SCULPTBODY, you may set in advance the desired dimensions for your body: another weight, waist circumference, round reeds...
Tracks your favorite exercises, monitors your fitness status, logs your daily nutrition, and improves your sleep quality.
The element1 for sports or every day in fruity colours or steel with music player, heartrate measurement, GPS, messenger.
A smart ring with voice control that lets you communicate with your phone more conveniently.
Couldn't find this on Amazon, so I made this working prototype.  I've ordered components to monitor ECG, snoring and temperature.
Personal Protection Device. It features a 100 Db Whistle, GPS Tracking, Panic Alarm, Clasp & Necklace Alarm, Plus Much More
The goal of this project is to create an LED suit that is both creative and appealing. The suit is 100% remotely controlled.
We hope to create a 'Super Hero' type and network that is real and can benefit the entire world.
This device capable of taking a patients vitals keeping track of them. Making it easier for the EMS personnel to do other functions.
All natural body scrubs and skincare made with the best ingredients.Bring the SPA to you. No more dry skin. Smooth and Silky.Natural.
All we want is to bring the classiness back! Are you with us?
I am seeking the prototyping of 3 tools, wearables, or something concrete, to support students with special needs in the classroom.
The Newest Wearable Tech. Your Footwear Can Now Have Personality. SMILERZ animate your shoes with light with each step you take.
FIO STREAM is a live alert HD Video and Sensor system for officers and 1st responders
Bring your tech essentials with you anywhere you travel.
See through Phone case with unlimited hold, place, stick, or mount capabilities. The elastic Velcro straps can hold onto anything.
A revolutionary, reusable material for your nose-piece on your glasses that sticks to your nose without any use of adhesives!!
INGENIOUS HAT is the indispensable item for running, beach, fishing, ski, cycling, climbing, tennis, sailing, hiking, rowing, golf, etc
Quantum Stones infuses LightShield™ harmonic codes into healing stones that can help restore balance and raise your vibrational energy!
HandSations (c) will be used to help women cope with the potential  pain during childbirth in an all natural way.  It is also Patented.
Don't be the lame person bringing last year's funny gift to this year's holiday office party.  'Ab Enhancer' is 2014's gift of the year
An initial research into the feasibility of a connected personal body-cam, audio/video, direct to encrypted cloud. Have A Witness!
PROTECT AND DEFEND YOUR LOVED ONES WITH THE MOST UNIQUE SMARTWATCH ON THE MARKET
Would three more inches give your wrist a rest? Apple's leather bands stop at 8-inches. Large, custom long straps. These go to eleven!
The ' World's First ' Thimbled TOUCH-AND-CLICK MOUSE  Inspired & Designed for Total Freedom
An Earphone that send your Prayers to heaven, receive the answer to your Prayers from God, and manifest them on Earth before your eyes.
Military dog tags are metal with engravings.  I want to place more information in the dog tags to help our military personnel.
iMask Konnect is designed for bikers.  High quality earphone and Mic integrated in a protective face mask keeps you safe on your ride.
A better medical ID bracelet that you can access from any Android phone with a microUSB plug.
An, eating on the go, life saver. Easy to flip over onto your chest and lap with a convenient fold down lap tray for holding your food.
Sole Matrix is a patent pending performance shoe insole that uses integrated active copper/magnetic therapy inside the insoles.
The perfect tool for every athlete, and blue collar worker!
Tablet application that allows you to see the plans of a building anywhere, through a cube in 3D.Using GPS and a map can get the plans.
The easy grip iPhone 6 Plus case: multi-task, text, take selfies & pics all with one hand.  Easy and elegant solution to stop the drop.
Work like Tom Cruise in Minority Report, or RDJ in Iron Man, accessing your stuff with 3D holographic technology and Microsoft HoloLens
A Highly Intuitive TRAINING TOOL For Every GOLFER! Take at least 3 Strokes off your game GUARANTEED!
Wherever you go, whatever you do - climb, run, bike, ride, snowboard, surf, let your friends know where you are and alert them in need.
DynePods are educational, interactive toys providing children the skills to program their toy chest and invent their future!
Take charge of life. Be safe. Protect your loved ones, things, data with one easy to use bracelet and tag solution. Use SafeBand.
The world's first shape-based wearable sensor for tracking movement, rehab and recovery.
Make your things smart enough to tell you what you're forgetting and much, much more. The first REAL Internet-of-Things node.
Get VR to Everyone with Mailable, Ready to Use Viewers
Boost Band, a wristband that charges any device
Wicked fun and built for excitement, CORE is the safest and most versatile speaker you've ever worn.
An essential hoodie that holds all sized smart phones and keep your headphone wires tangle free.
Control Dreams: Design Adventures, Improve Waking Performance, Explore Spirituality, Recall Dreams and Awaken Refreshed with Aladdin.
People loved the original Black and Gray GoSolo hats and asked for more. So we received sample for 3 more colors!
Clip on owner recognition for any bag with 100db+ deterrence of others from opening or moving it. Plus forget-me-not notifications.
CulBox is an Open Source wrist watch for Arduino with built in Bluetooth and bunch of Hi-Tech sensors and tons of features for Makers
Zoom will happen - THANK YOU! Received outside funding due amazing early success!
Future Belt comes in just 3 sizes, but yet, is designed to fit waists ranging from 25-55 inches. No batteries, no gimmicks.
Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetuer adipiscing elit. Aenean commodo ligula eget dolor. Aenean massa. Cum sociis natoque penatibus.
Buhel SOUNDglass™SG05 Sunglasses & headphones with BCT™ (Bone Conduction), high impact lenses (Z87.1+) & exclusive patented technology
A revolutionary way to keep your life fully charged.  No more bulky battery packs and chargers. Just don't forget your pants!
The Intelligent Wearable Camera that lets you Live Your Moments, while sharing them privately with your loved ones.
Connect better. Love longer. CLEO Collar
iinK Nation IN pens, the world's first ever Stylish & Wearable 5 in 1 experience combo connect pen.  A Professionals must have!
SYNC FOOTWEAR - The World's Most Advanced 
App Controlled Shoes, combining Fashion, Music and Technology.

"Sync Your Sole"
Share you point of view while the action unfolds. It's a new way to show your friends the excitement of your extreme sports adventures.
Know exactly where your children are whenever you want, with the touch of a finger!
The better your running technique is, the better your results are, with fewer injuries! TUNE helps you to use your feet efficiently!
Inside Coach technology is embedded inside of sport balls that captures Motion, (Force, Acceleration, Spin, etc.).
Teslasuit – the world’s first full-body haptic suit that lets you touch and feel the future of Virtual Reality and gaming.
Fitness apparel with built-in far infrared heating technology to amplify exercise, detoxify and turn everyday activities into workouts.
http://kck.st/1SploIE
The first Bluetooth LE smartband to easily broadcast your hope, cause or charity to the world around you. WEAR> SHARE> INSPIRE.
Walkers, riders, shoppers, joggers, fisherman, golfers, workers, night out. Stop fumbling, forgetting or dropping your smartphone.
The World’s first Technological Hardshell Jacket with Charging Function and 40+ features!
SECRIATI - Knot your Average Accessory!
An Affordable, powerful and Open for all: augmented reality headset. Help us free A.R. from corporate politics; while looking cool ;-)
Undershirts and sports shirts with a hydrophilic sweat absorbing interior and a hydrophobic sweat blocking exterior.
Monitor and Alert Fatigue, Reminder to wash hands, upload phone book & More! StopMee is great for over the road.
Your Dog's Best Friend.
Revolutionize the way you care about your pups and brings you peace of mind.
Stand out at festivals, get people talking and support our latest campaign to augment your style with the latest LED technology.
Falls are the main cause of injury to elderly. Our wearable detects falls, sends notifications and streams health data in real time.
Experience true sound quality and a membership platform that puts you in control of future headphones, features, design and prices.
Invisible Reins - A Bluetooth innovation that links your child to your smart phone via an app. A safe zone can be set from 1-30 metres.
High quality earbuds with a built-in splitter. Share with more than one friend. Music, movies, conversations. Any audio, any device!
Monitor your actual UV exposure in real time and get notified when it's time to get out of the sun or when to reapply your sunscreen
The PowerCap is a device able to charge most mobile devices, and contains a battery for situations when the sun just isn't enough.
StrikeTec will revolutionize both the boxing scene and fitness industry by allowing you to track the progress of hand speed and force.
CyClip is a way to mount the Apple Watch to your handlebars; ideal for navigation, notifications, and music control on the fly.
Hydrate Edge is the first wearable that provides real-time, continuous hydration feedback. This is the new hydration gold standard.
Xtnd is a hands free multifunctional device for your tablet, cell phone, & camera. It's also a convenient backpack for storage.
Outdoor play is essential. Wanderwatch helps to make it fun and safe! Fun for kids, great for parents. Time to Play!
The World's First Wearable Battery Backup - wireless, modular, flexible, and ultra-lightweight! Click, charge, go!!!
Long bus queue and no seats around? This light weight seating device can be worn anywhere and at anytime! Belt that converts into seat.
Im in the process of creating a biohazard suit that can be worn like an extra layer, unlike these bulky units that are currently in use
A wearable device that allows you to dock and operate your phone hands-free anywhere and everywhere!
Dial up your performance with UB Fit: 1st wearable resistance technology that allows you to tone muscles while doing a cardio workout
JUMPY, a cool smart watch with open platform SDK brings limitless edutainment to kids' wrist and encourages parent-child interaction.
HandL makes your phone feel like an organic extension of your hand. Elastic and brace system supports your device with just two fingers
World's Smallest customizable Phone & GPS Watch for kids !
I would like to make nicer, more stylish looking frames for the Google Glass using 3D printing technology.
BRILLAR: Your Kids Ultimate Wearable Companion. Educates, Rewards, Entertains, Calls, Motivates, Messages + Tracks Location & Steps.
Method50 aims to prototype a revolutionary true heads up display to create a new way of living in, playing in, and viewing the world.
Sleepman is a bio-signal monitoring wristwatch featuring smart alarm with the unique sleep enhancement and fatigue detection options!
Stompz: The Wireless, Wearable VR Input Controller that makes Gaming More Immersive and Fitness More Fun
Tushi Pal is a Continuous Wrist-Based Optical Heart Rate & Fitness Tracker that Provides Jobs to Indigenous Communities in Mexico
AbDisc tracks your steps and strengthens your core. When you're inactive it automatically starts a "Crunch Session," to work your Abs!
Brings personalisation to your Apple Watch. Mix & Match your AppleWatch strap/band, simply turn it into a Necklace or PocketWatch
Wearable technology made for women. 
Real jewelry with exclusive alert technology that discreetly notifies you of important messages.
The world's first beacon-enabled eyeglasses case...where fashion and technology meet, so you'll never lose your glasses again.
Help our neuroscientific endeavor to expand the limits of perception. We're making a wearable to let brains take in new data streams.
FloatBelt: The World's Coolest Water Safety Device
We laser scan your feet in 3D.  Our robot mills your footprints into flip-flops while you watch.
The Baako One: A showerproof, shockproof, wearable power pack to charge your mobile devices wherever life takes you.
True high-end sports in-ear headphones. Nano coated to protect from water damage + featuring our 5 stage filter tuning system.
It is a secure wallet and the first anti-theft and anti-loss wallet around the world. You will never lose it.
Touch the future of footwear right now. Control the inner environment of your shoes, go sockless and track your activity with uGale.
The first high-end bag that doubles as a smart productivity assistant. Item tracker | Smart Notifications | AI assistant | Battery
Give your phone the solar energy boost while making a call or texting. Use SolarHug bracelet also like the USB flash drive.
Li-Poly High Speed 12V Multi-Charger | Designed For the Commuter & Voyager | A New Way To Charge Your Travels
Creation of a prototype comprising of a spherically curved thermotropic liquid crystal film that can be embedded in a contact lens.
By using Solar Energy and Lithium-Ion battery technology, JOLT keeps your tech going where no device has gone before...
A smartwatch with the most intelligent and the fastest keyboard. Use any Android app. Leave your smartphone at home!
HERA.TRAINING is a smart coaching Bra that creates personalized workouts based on your biometric data.
Experience Hands Free Tablet Computing. A protective case that you wear for convenient use while you sit, stand or walk.
Boomerang Bracelet is the kid's wearable that keeps track of your child with smart alerts, fuss-free. We'll be back soon!
The World's thinnest Battery Operated Far Infrared Heated Compression Liners. Includes Jacket, Vest, Glove and Sock Compression Liners.
Do you want to improve your running technique and prevent foot and ankle injury from running? The Mettis Trainer ™ can help with that.
Patent-pending small patch that is designed to help you and your loved ones to avoid sunburns.
We are launching a new and improved version soon!
Hands free Enterprise Resource Planning, Task Management and Entertainment right on your forearm.
The Bandalight bicycle light is easy to use and it fits perfectly on your body. Bandalights: wearable safety
We use connected device data to help people prove they’re engaged in their health, while rewarding them for reaching achievable goals.
A patented interval timer whose ease of operation maximizes workout efficiency by allowing you to focus on training - not on the clock.
The athletic coach and fitness tracker for injury-free workouts.
Soft edged-Hard working.  The perfect organizational tool for the home and professional shop.
Suaave is a designer jewelry brand that combines a classy bracelet with innovative technology to allow you to connect with other people
The SharkStopper provides us with open-water safety "FROM" Sharks and a virtual acoustic barrier "FOR" the Protection of Sharks.
The power of fast wireless charging in a wearable smartphone holster. Paired with USB output and a 3 - 1 design. Life just got easier.
Turn your smartphone into a personal theater for $80. Expanse is a VR headset with up to 5x the resolution of other VR devices.
A wearable device for dogs that gives personalized health advice for your furry companion
A Flexible battery strap that extends your battery life to your Pebble Smart Watch.
The first app and wearable activity tracker that learns how much you need to eat, sleep, and move to achieve your goals. MD developed.
qwerty
GARY solves a most common problem of any Earphone user - Giving one a relief from struggling with tangled wires. Now slimmer !
Invisivision is an affordable eyewear solution enabling the user to select from multiple versions of an image stream on the same screen
Dee is the most well designed dog wearable that connects you and your special canine companion to our pet-dedicated cloud platform.
Learn the way you move by tracking and measuring your foot pressure, improving your athletic performance and active lifestyle
The Oli sensor for Weightlifting empowers athletes & coaches with meaningful performance data to help improve their lifts.
A personal trainer on your wrist, that utilizes High Intensity Intervals to optimize any and all of your exercise routines.
control the environment in your shoes
The XeroVest is a highly portable, inflatable, air-insulated emergency anti-hypothermia garment weighing only 2oz. (57g).
DIB’ (Disposable Ice Booties) is a brilliant, affordable, disposable and waterproof solution to prevent slipping on ice.
LUNA is a luxury smart sleep mask with programmable Sunrise Wake-Up light alarm, NAP sleep, Lucid Dream Inducer features & OLED display
Bracelite, the first interactive watch band that follows your style. 

Are you ready for the tech-fashion revolution?
When French luxury & Next Gen Tech meet to create the most beautiful handcrafted leather wireless embedded charger for your smartphone
World's first activity tracking and medical monitoring compression sleeve.
A watch for daily health reminders: EKG, meds, heart rate & diet - recorded and shared with caregivers and doctors.
ORCA: Ocean Recreation Comfort Apparatus, sonic camouflage designed to keep sharks away so you can play.
Get FREE ENERGY to charge your phone using your own body heat. Green Energy ANYTIME, ANYWHERE.....IN THE PALM OF YOUR HAND!
Stylish Watches + Smartphone Technology = Cell phones that are almost impossible to lose or drop
We've designed some nifty compression socks, especially for pregnant feet! No more soreness, swelling or varicose veins.
My idea is to create a suitable product that works effortlessly for the elderly and vulnerable in their time of need.
FIRST EVER ANDROID 4.2.2 WRIST PHONE!

IT'S A PHONE! IT'S ANDROID! ON YOUR WRIST!

CALLISTO

BETTER THAN A SMARTWATCH OR SMART WATCH
A revolutionary clip-on wearable electronic that is water-resistant, easy to use and affordable!
1 pair of black ballet shoes, with a black washable insert pad that will Clean, Exfoliate and Moisturize.
24hr hair and beauty products in a vending machine.
Smart Shoes could change the  BAR for whatever you want, and match collocation style for different shoes and style.
Winner of Red Dot Design Award for Product Design 2015, this wallet comes with an integrated Bluetooth tracker to track your wallet.
Cura first smart shoe connected with bluetooth technology for Reflexology.
LightFeeds bring live events to your smartwatch. No need to open apps or get notifications. News, Sport, UBER, Tesla on your watch face
Emvio is the first watch that monitors your stress level, heart rate and daily activity. Use it to manage your stress, in real time.
DUO is the first wearable fitness tracker that monitors both heart rate and blood oxygen levels (SpO2) on your wrist throughout the day
Crystals have been proven to hold memory and help your energy and vibration flow, keeping you on track and healthy.
Information storage device with three security devices,eye scanner,finger print scanner and encrypted ssd hard disk.
A cool super trendy designer gadget: floodlight LEDs, wireless charging, remote IR control, Bluetooth, app control and notifications..
Water proof, music storing earbuds. No need to waste space on your phone for music, and no more long tangled cords. (No phone required)
Fyver Watch, the affordable, aesthetic-pleasing, standalone smartwatch.
The first jacket that intelligently adjusts to keep your temperature perfect for all seasons. Control your jacket from your smartphone.
We believe that EVERYONE should benefit from technology and live a healthy life. MotivBand, high-end solution with affordable price.
E-Paper Smartwatch with up to 6 weeks battery life,call and text notification,activity tracking,3ATM waterproof,IOS&Android support
A bag that you can shit in.
HD Stereo Earbuds that are truly wireless!  In this wireless world, there are still too many cords!  We're getting rid of one more!
No more old-age brain wave device using light and sound! /sleep/meditation/learning/study/brain//smart/health/Pillow/drone/smartwatch
Love watching movies and shows in your TV? Beautify your library! szimple is a powerful multimedia center with a great UI
The world’s first and ONLY LAB-PROVEN cooling vest shown to burn 500 calories in a few hours, just by wearing it.
Blu is one of the world's first flexible Wearable Smartphone's, A truly powerful smartphone combined with the convenience of a watch.
A smartwatch fitting with its name. So smart, that it can replace your smartphone.
Impossibly small. It virtually disappears in your ear. Listen to music anytime.
The mission of lifeleash TQ™ is to be the leading single-source provider of our patented multi-function surf leash.
