Axle's goal is to unite truckers against freight brokers and create a platform that puts the power back into the trucker's hands.
Mobile device app development for aviation pilots that utilizes voice recognition technology to run checklists in the cockpit.
An emergency home & office communication system using smartphone, tablets to send short text, voice message via bluetooth only
Hello! I would like to propose the idea of ​​an alternative method for licensing software, such as games.
MathMastery is dedicated to helping students, teachers and parents learn, practice, and understand essential math.
30 simple & short videos to take you/your class from knowing nothing about programming to building your own game; Launching April.
Blockade is a decentralized cloud data storage solution that is the most secure data storage platform ever created.
An online solution for parents to easily manage their children's school registration, lunch order, payments, and more - at no cost.
Tragalia es la plataforma digital que transporta miles de restaurantes directamente a su bolsillo. Ordena Comida Rápido y Fácil.
Rinters is a social platform for landlords and tenants allowing them to meet via a rating system.
Ingreenients, the revolutionary app that will allow you to see exactly how green and healthy your everyday products are.
ARTIST X  2.0 with its own Kreative Mediabook Pro A156 The First Open source supported Laptop Computer.
An open source virtual appliance designed to run on a host computer to help protect privacy and security
A Phone, Tablet, PC and possibly VR game based around concepts and characters from the Bartimaeus Sequence by Jonathan Stroud
Provide access to affordable & quality education for Africa and developing countries through Myskuli online platform
Elemental Fusion is a application targeted at Home pc users and entire companies for drastic computer performance increases!
Our algorithms interacts on your existing data from your smart device for enhancement scorecard.
Developers dislike documentation. Project stakeholders require it. We have the solution.
Let's imagine projection mapping into the hand of all the creative people.
An app for Mac or PC that gives you full, direct access to all your computers. Keep your data on machines you control.
VRTK is a productive VR Toolkit for making it easy and quick to build VR solutions in Unity3d for a range of VR Devices
Twitterrific for Mac was the very first Twitter client, but it has fallen out of date. Help us bring it back to the future!
Our goal is to get android OS to run on iphone 5,5c,5s models, at minimal android 4.0, stable running.
Opensource SQL (ODBC/ADO) Developer Toolkit & Data Management Tool for Windows build in C#
Learn the C Programming Language, simple yet very powerful. Ranked #1 for 2016, in IEEE Spectrum’s ranking of the most popular language
Continue reading ebooks in Firefox with Add-on EPUBReader. Rewrite needed, otherwise stops working soon. Please fund the development!
Todo lo que necesitas saber para hacer trading con OFA. Patrones, configuraciones, estudio técnico del order flow, etc.
The Smalltalk language inspired Steve Jobs to create the Apple Macintosh. MySmalltalk brings the magic of Smalltalk to web development.
A Microsoft Office 2016/365 App for Tennis Coaches, Clubs and Players
Die IPSE („intelligente Suchmaschine durch Fotos“) ist eine Suchengine der aktuellsten Generation, die uns das Leben erleichtert.
Manage your employee schedules, time and attendance and more!
Imagine a game where you mix metals, fusing together all the metals of the periodic table to create something new, something original!
technisavvy® Technical Ambassadors teach  65+  year olds social media for better connections with family, friends & to world events!
Track My Roll was released to bowlers on iOS last fall.  Now it's time to create a version for Android users!
making appointment booking fast, flexible and easy
A culturally diverse, research-based, standards aligned and FUN reading readiness program to engage "Digital Age Early Learners"
Platform with Android Ordering App and Driver App and Cloud Backend. Used for Food or other Delivery business with Ride Sharing concept
Learn 5 Best Mobile Development Frameworks (Ionic, PhoneGap, React Native, JQM and Meteor) By Building Over 25 Projects
Chumz is an online mall where college students can buy,sell their textbooks to each other without getting ripped off by the bookstores!
Personality recognition from fotos.
Take a picture with your smart phone and get a personality type.  Also find out if you are a match.
SHADOW is a mobile application that helps you remember and record your dreams.
#LETSBUILDSHADOW
Fully Funded!  Diaspora will be an open source personal web server to protect and share all of your stuff online.
Krita: Eight hours to go! Get the special reward! Pro open source painting on Windows/Linux/OSX. Help us add 24 powerful new features!
The goal is to cleanup and release the source code that was used to power Lavabit as a f/oss project with support for dark mail added.
An open source blogging platform which makes writing pleasurable and publishing simple.
Allows RPG gamers, authors and developers to create detailed fantasy maps quickly using an intuitive GUI and specialized tools
Let authors automatically format their book, support causes, and get noticed. Foster a library of Creative Commons books.
The Hip-Hop Word Count is a searchable ethnographic database built from the lyrics of over 40,000 Hip-Hop songs from 1979 to present day.
GLI.TC/H is a free & open event celebrating g͟͏l̨í̵͠t̸̕͡c̸͞h̴̨͜e͏͏͏͏̛͟s̛͟͠! Artists, educators and tinkerers gather      ه҉҉҉҉҉҉҉҉҉҉҉҉҉
A series of workshops for architecture students in Rio de Janeiro will explore parametric design softwares and digital fabrication methods.
NYC Resistor is a creative technology space in Brooklyn where we learn, share, and make things. We're moving to a great new location wtih 3x the space
We're building a totally free platform of tools for artists and labels to sell, share, and promote music directly to their fans.
Designing a new way to build software & manage complexity - a visual development environment for all
A cloud based open source photo sharing service where you own and control the photos, tags and comments. Your S3 bucket, our interface.
Help me get the gear needed to keep me safe round-the-world!
Using Virtual Reality you will become Neil Armstrong on what is the 20th century's most enduring achievement.
We want to build an open source software platform to share with local Trade School chapters around the world.
Moviesandbox is an Open-Source, Real-Time 3D Animation tool. It allows you to quickly sketch and animate 3D Characters and Props.
The Otorohanga Kiwi House and Native Bird Park is bringing the NZ Moa back from extinction and releasing it in Otorohanga.
Everyone in the world can code. Let’s start now!
Our mobile repair stand empowers cyclists by providing free access to tools, parts, and knowledge.
Light Table is a new kind of IDE - a reactive work surface for the creation and exploration of our programs.
telegraph21 is a curated video space with a focus on non-fiction storytelling and art from around the world. We help filmmakers to promote their work.
We've created an open source bike registry to fight bike theft and save the world
2020 is a next generation semi modular beat-machine standalone software for beat making and real-time compositions.
An open-source tool that allows anyone to design and build their own furniture, as well as share these within an online community.
What if people around the world could sign a petition for free using any  mobile phone?
Is it the Erector Set of the Internet Age? Or is it the bones and gristle of an open source revolution? Mini-T, by MakerBeam, is both.
Cyclehack is a 48-hour event aimed at making Scottish cities more cycle friendly.
Privly allows you to seamlessly view and post encrypted content on any website. Post encrypted Tweets, Updates, Chats...anything.
Back by popular demand! Unlogo is a web service that eliminates logos and other corporate signage from videos.
I make cool icons for iPhone developers at http://glyphish.com and if I can collect $500 in donations, I'll release the whole set...
Vectual visualizes data by generating beautiful graphs, piecharts, barcharts, tagclouds, maps and tables.
Font Awesome makes it easy to add vector icons and social logos to your website. And Pro gives 1,000+ more icons and SVG framework!
We're hitting the beaches and hitching boat rides to make aerial images of the gulf oil spill's effects using cameras attached to balloons and kites.
Manage, share, and sync your large files with the power of git and the ease of use of a simple folder you drop files into.
I'm teaching people how to use muscle wire at Maker Faire.
A completely free and open set of emoji that anybody can use in any project without a fee and without any restrictive conditions.
OpenWorm is building the first complete simulation of an entire organism and bringing it to your web browser
Krita is the free and open source digital painting program used by artists all over the world. Help make Krita even faster and better!
Xiki brings the power of shell commands to everyone, and gives advanced shell users insane flexibility.
VLC for Windows 8. A native app, fully featured and fully open source. Play all your files, streams and optical media.
This is a project to create a free iPhone app for browsing Wikipedia offline. The code will be open source and I'll launch it with...
The Yes Men are launching The Yes Lab so activist groups and individuals can carry out creative, media-getting actions of their own!
NYC Type tells the ongoing story of New York City through the perspective of the letterforms found throughout its streets.
Minibloq is a free, intuitive graphical programming environment for Arduino, physical computing devices and educational robots.
The Inclusive Toolkit is a set of tools to help iOS & OS X developers quickly and easily make their apps inclusive and accessible.
An open source suite of mobile software for indexing wildflowers (or any type of data) on an interactive map and searchable database.
An open-source Internet platform to crowdsource peer-review on information everywhere.
Project Torus is a 360 degree shooting game built to be a multi-platform Virtual Reality experience.
An automated review and testing system for the Homebrew OS X package manager to speed up handling community contributions.
Fixers’ Collective is a social experiment in improvisational fixing and mending. The Collective meets every Thursday from 6 – 9pm at Proteus Gowanus. 
Dyslexie Font makes reading more accessible. Now, introducing 3 new tools to help!
Animated PNG could have been a standard more than 10 years ago and yet we're stuck with GIF. We'll make new OSS tools to use it now!
Mac musician, artist or mathematician? Let's get Bounce Metronome, Tune Smithy, Virtual Flower, Lissajous 3D & Activity Timer on a Mac!
I've got the boat, and I've got the plan. Help me get S/V BOBBIE ready to go around the world!
Create stunning mobile apps simply by placing text, images and movies in a Dropbox folder. Professional results to rival major apps.
Transcend the page and navigate research with deep context and collaboration.
The „CMD-Geek“ is an IDE (Development-Environment) for Windows Batch-Script (Script-Language).
The patented SEED Protocol delivers a quantum leap in security, portability and control of your confidential information.
A free and open source visual editor for Mapbox GL so everyone can design their own beautiful map.
Calculist is an open-source thinking tool. It's sort of like a spreadsheet app with a tree data structure.
This course (ebook, exercises, videos) teaches Python Web Programming in a practical, hands-on manner. Learning by doing.
Take your web app to the next level. Learn how to add payments, an API, best programming practices, and more.
Live video streaming and YouTube live streaming. Broadcaster software for any webcam, GoPro, IP camera. 

Mac / Win / iPhone / Android
An innovation in web browsing developed by 2 teenagers with a vision to create a more secure, intuitive & better way to browse the web.
Python 101 - from beginner to expert
Our platform will let you create awesome mobile apps for iOS, Android and Kindle without coding. All you must do is to add your content
An e-book to teach programming through hands-on, interesting examples that are useful and fun!
Want to write The Next Big MOG? This book will help you to learn the ropes. Vol.1 covers topics from GDD to Load Balancing.
A Revolution for Gmail on the Desktop, and the most seamlessly fluid email client you’ll ever use. We’ve built it. Help us launch!
Low cost, all-in-1, reliable, customizable member administration module for your association's website.
Innovative software that combines ancient techniques with modern technology to revolutionize learning.
„Fox-Talk“ is a communication software like Skype or Whatsapp, but you can host and controll the network all by yourself.
Learn advanced web development through hands-on, interesting examples with the power of Python and Django 1.6.
Next generation health and human performance technology for breathing, posture and mindfulness training.
Course that teaches you how to automate simple tasks in python like  automatically generate reports, cleaning data, and merging files..
A software package that will train your ears to hear the pronunciation of a new language in two weeks.
Make your film projects stand out with our new line of realistic Action Movie Effects.
Everything you need to know to develop top-quality apps and bring your Android knowledge to the next level.
Instruments in the Cloud will help to ensure that every student has an equal opportunity to participate in quality music education.
This is a e-book about comparative listing of How-To in commonly used programming language viz - Java, Perl, C, Bash
TiLoTag will change how we leave messages and memories for future generations. Discover the exciting ways you can use TiLoTag.
MyBivy helps our nation's protectors sleep at night through intensive body tracking, statistical analysis, and VA doctor notifications.
Power Poetry will be the world's first mobile/online youth poetry community.  It will interactively engage the inner activist in young poets.
The Pods Framework is a free plugin for WordPress that gives developers the ability to develop custom content types.
People with disabilities have a tough time choosing the right hotel when they travel. Kickstart our new rating system!
Out-of-the-box simple record keeping system for wildlife rehabilitators in North America to collect and analyze data for their patients
RPerl can help your low-magic Perl 5 code run up to 200 times faster than pure Perl, with full backward compatibility!
Interactive tutorials to teach Java Programming to Beginners. Learn through discovery on Learneroo.com.
Let's turn the book "Writing Idiomatic Python" into a series of how-to videos. Watch me refactor real (bad) code into idiomatic Python.
Dadoof™ the patent-pending Storyline™ to care for your memories. Unlike social media, it is personal media to save your complete story!
SimpleSafe creates secure passwords from simpler phrases. Cross-platform makes it accessible everywhere, and easy to use.
TORCommunity is creating the framework to power SWTOR databases to replace Torhead and Ask Mr. Robot. We need your help to fund them!
This project is focused on raising funding to hold our next event. If you were at the first one, you'll remember how delicious the free beer, soda and
A JavaScript library that allows browsers and other restricted JS environments to have working git clones for real offline development.
Does your insurance company advertise on TV? If so, they're spending your money on ads, not protecting you. You need this service!
@party is a computer art event. We are raising  funds for our 2011 site reservation, 501(c)(3) registration, with $90 more to cover Kickstarter's 5%.
The central resource for Asian-Pacific American organizations and media outlets across the U.S.
An iOS scouting application for VEX and FRC robotics competitions
Smigin Pro gets you speaking another language fast by focusing more on conversation and less on grammar. It’s language for real life.
Create mobile applications for iOS, Android, and Windows Phone without any coding required.
We will create an accessible, interactive laboratory "space" for those who haven't had the opportunity to visit the MAL in person.
Web-enable, Integrate and Instantly Extend the Lifespan of Windows Desktop Apps
Arachne is a full, highly modular web development framework for Clojure emphasizing ease, simplicity and a solid, scalable design.
Gideros Studio is a cross platform game engine. Help us bring support to Windows Phone, Windows/Mac Desktop and Raspberry Pi targets!
Learn neat tips and tricks about the wxPython GUI toolkit
Create, fork and edit d3.js code snippets for use with bl.ocks.org right in the browser, no terminal required.
A cross-platform multi-service gaming AIR native extension. Provide a common ANE API to Google Play Services & Apple Game Center
A Phoenix-based forum and comment system, built from scratch in screencasts, plus free screencasts for learning Elixir basics.
Software GPS tracker application for Apple mobile devices.
The world needs an alternative Windows Store. Chocolatey is thriving as that store. Help us make The Chocolatey Experience a reality!
Client for MySQL/MariaDB with Auto-Completion and Syntax Highlighting.

(Not affiliated with Oracle).
Override the default popup per page! This feature enhances the free exit popup plugin wBounce from WordPress.org
Help us take Rails Composer to the next level and get top Rails tutorials as rewards.
F# made even more awesome! No prior knowledge needed to dive into F# today. Projects cover Web, Azure, Machine Learning and more :)
Raising money is easy -- managing your project is hard. I wrote BackerSupport to ease my pain; now I'd like to let everyone use it too!
Become an image investigator with cutting-edge software that lets you uncover whether photos have been altered, forged or manipulated
In November, we are hosting a mock election in parallel to the 2016 United States Presidential Election to demonstrate our technology.
I'm producing some awesome Python developer t-shirts to help promote and support the Talk Python To Me podcast. Reserve yours now!
The Beautiful New Way to Learn Python Programming.
Learn by Doing. Drag and Drop Games. Quizzes. Exercises. Fun.
Building adhoc reporting into Saiku Analytics for Open Source report design and development.
A collection of premium watchfaces and apps for Pebble and Pebble Time, which are beautifully designed and optimized for Pebble.
Beautifully ILLUSTRATED Book that teaches Python programming through Metaphors, Quizzes and Exercises.
We are making a resume improvement software focused on increasing your chances of receiving an interview for your dream job
Firebase is a huge project backed by Google. Now it's going to be available for Adobe AIR developers too by the Firebase AdobeAIR ANE!
The ultimate network configuration tool for your Raspberry Pi©
Design-to-code app for Mac that supercharges your mobile dev workflow.
It's a beautifully illustrated book that teaches JavaScript fundamentals through Metaphors, Analogies and Easy Step-by-Step Exercises
Unlock your Mac with Multi-touch and pattern using Trackpad.
The time has come for a cross-platform version of OpenShot Video Editor, including its powerful new video editing & animation engine!
Dos Apps basadas en investigación científica para detectar y apoyar el tratamiento de la dislexia. Ayúdanos a sacarlas adelante.
The only true crowdsourcing social network for music where the world's vocalists, producers and graphic designers, create and build!
Students are expected to learn, but are never taught how. Our short course teaches students how to learn & remember anything in class.
Cloud based software to create intelligent agents that do thousands of search engine queries, and filter. Open results in excel.
Building an online business is about more than just the product. This course will teach you what you need to succeed.
Let's make Rails on OS X easy again!

"Install this .app. Good job, you now have a working Rails install!"
We're building the world's most robust sports insights platform for the NFL, giving you an edge in fantasy football. Now we need you!
Ignition is a Social Retro Gaming "OS" for the Pi with features such as Gaming Achievements, Gamer Profiles, Online Play, more..
This will be the year you finally learn to code. Help us create one of the most practical bundles of courses ever!
Stop struggling to code front-end the hard way. React.js is performing fast DOM manipulations and is easy to learn.
Work through 4 projects to gain a deep understanding of Node.js, Express.js and MongooseJS.
Novel writing has evolved! 
Technology provides the perfect platform 
to streamline the novel writing process.
Start your project off with a bulletproof base so that you can concentrate on the code that matters most to you.
Full-feature package for easy importing and exporting data to avoid having to "reinventing the wheel"
Socialize is a minimalistic social network for programmers, nerds, geeks and technology fans. Interact with your friends - on the CLI!
Learning programming the fun way: Become a Python developer by building 10 small apps and learn all the basics in context.
A comprehensive video course that will teach you Angular 2 from the ground up.
An interactive and accessible adventure story for learning Python programming.
Interactive eBook that teaches Python programming through Metaphors, Quizzes and Game-like Exercises.
Johnny on the Spot is the surfer's personal diary. Record live surf data on your phone to keep a detailed record of your sessions.
A digital platform providing customized English lessons based on student progress, where teachers and students can interact.
Krita is the free and open source painting application used by artists all over the world. Let's create awesome text and vector tools!
An e-book with files to teach PHP programming through a series of interesting projects that are fun AND useful and build on each other.
A free software fixed media format for HD video, based on open standards, with metadata and localization but no DRM restrictions
A Java based 6 week course for high schoolers. I am offering it for FREE. We will cover all the basics of Java and more
Leverage over 30 iPhone app tutorials with source code and artwork to create your first or next app.
Developing an open source software platform for the business intelligence needs of nonprofits with a wide area of operations
Salem First is an open based community that encourages voter engagement in Salem, MA with news, candidate profiles & social media links
This is an affectionate, warming, and adventurous children's story of first-time friendships, self-discovery, and teamwork!
GYST Ink is an artist run company for artists. We are fundraising to rewrite our popular software for artists from the ground up. 
Hollaback! is a movement dedicated to ending street harassment and assault using mobile technology.  
An external support system for talented life science graduate students to enable innovative technology development in healthcare space
For those who missed it on the last round, another chance to back an e-book and website to teach Swift-- Apple’s new language
Learn how Python is used in modern engineering applications, like image and video processing.
Messy Encryption is born from a need to encrypt sensitive information for communication across unsecured channels.
Cognitive Language Machine is a project for open education- using Natural Language Processing, it will reduce education inequality.
Please help the legendary independent music site Epitonic.com be relaunched by its original founders. Relaunch is planned for late 2010!
I am raising funds to hire a professional app designer and to advertise my app to an audience of 200,000-500,000 people.
The Raspberry Pi Emulation & Gaming Distro
PunkSPIDER is an open-source distributed computing project aimed at making global website security accessible to the public.
A book and system that gives your child a head start in Computational Thinking, Computer Science and Programming
ChalkDoc lets teachers make perfectly customized worksheets, activities, and assessments in five minutes.
Miro is a free, non-profit, and open-source video player used by millions of people.  Help us connect video makers to the world with subtitle support.
A transit app made for the Twin Cities. Making transit easier to use and discover.
Awesome Web APIs with Django REST framework 3.
Free/libre OS for x86 computer. Written in Assembly. Uses only 8MB RAM and 1MB disk space to run. Less than 10 sec from power-on to GUI
CactusCon is a hacker conference in Tempe, AZ. Let's keep admission free for all attendees - thanks for your support!
Capture your beautiful moments in life effortlessly using simple gestures without clutter or restrictions of today's camera interfaces
A complete, hands-on course on how to aggregate, process, search and visualize massive log data using open source software.
Great academic software is often abandoned as researchers move on. Help save QuantumGL by porting it to the Web (HTML5/WebGL).
Create mobile applications and games for iOS, Android, and Windows Phone without any coding required.
Create a free education destination for entry level software developers who can not afford traditional educational opportunities.
We're adding many long-requested features to Windows ranging from its appearance and usability to its functionality.
Organize your scientific data and safely store it in one place.
The fastest way to take notes during a recording session or filming a spot that go right into your editing software.
No experience required. Learn to code in Javascript, Node, React, React Native and Electron. Learn by building a SASS business.
An online course to teach you how to code by building iPhone apps (FlappyBird & Whatsapp) for iOS 9 - Free 1000 icons, theme & ebook
Create mobile applications and games for iOS, Android, and Windows Phone without any coding required.
Uncompromising security and visual quality. 
Up to 17x faster than ImageMagick. 
Cross-platform image processing for the entire web.
SmartSwapp aims to connect users through a web-based platform, enabling the trading of services and a world with no job left undone.
Help the Motorsports Safety Education Foundation create interactive racing safety classes that save lives.
Depicto provides important information on how to use and store medicines - across language barriers and accessible to all ages
Put the power of hidden treasure in the palm of your hand.  Terma Diary reveals instincts that make experiences easier to understand.
The Ultimate Chemistry Calculator: Part 1 is the ultimate tool specialized in helping kids to learn and perform chemistry problems.
Science needs resources to solve problems. We created solutions that contribute to research and let you earn Gridcoins for your help.
ALFMEGA COMPUTERS have two operating systems on each computer: Windows and presently Fedora/Linux.
We aren't just another PUG service. We offer a competitive environment with 128tick servers, live and casted by entertaining talent!
Enabling Gideros Mobile Cross Platform SDK to export projects to HTML5/JS format.
A free service that teaches you how to type in multiple languages.
Improve your programming skills by completing challenges in one of several languages. Earn points, get ranked, and have fun.
FlyInside places you inside the cockpit of your favorite airplanes and lets you fly!  Oculus Rift support for FSX and Prepar3D!
You always wanted to create an own app, but you didn't know how? This German video guide helps you to achieve your aim step-by-step.
Sponsor a christmas/new year gift for QGIS - live layer effects! You can help push QGIS' cartographic abilities to new levels...
Nextgen Benchmark.  The last benchmark tool you'll ever need.
Computer program for building & visually simulating dynamic, monetary economic models. A vital tool for a new approach to economics
Free open source software for mathematics, statistics, data processing, analytics, and metrics.
dizmo is a new versatile UI giving you access to an unlimited set of «digital gizmos» on any smart display or touch surface.
Knowledge is the most valuable thing on the planet and becomes more valuable each time you share it. Support an Open Science torrent tracker.
Critical enhancement to open source software used by 10 charities enables scheduling of volunteer drivers who drive their own cars.
I know how difficult it is to gain any experience in networking. This project is designed to help YOU learn networking!
Goal: Raise $5000 by December 31st to provide a 14-week New Media workshop as a 70-minute elective block during regular school hours.
Let TiM fill out your Startwork Packet for you. A software solution for the Film & Television Industry begins here. Join the movement.
A critical mass for our cloud deployed, automation driven ab initio computational chemistry database
Password based file encryption for Windows based on the Twofish symmetric key block cipher.
The rt2x00 driver was patched to support MT7620, but it doesn't work well. I'll fix that.
Learn how to build high performance @neo4j applications with this video training course.
We're raising money to build VOYURL because we believe that people should have control over and access to the data they create when they use the web.
A motivational calendar every software developer will appreciate.
Habit tracker app which treats your goals like a Role Playing Game.
Supporting our site is like buying a ticket to visit the world's coolest studios and factories and hang out with amazing creators of art and design
Unlocking knowledge to those living in poverty by providing access to ebooks and other digital content in low bandwidth communities.
The site for managing shared housing and making life more awesome. Live better, live together.
Sustainable Virginia flower farm is creating a nationwide CSA offering folks a chance to buy a discounted "share" of flowers from our farm in 2010.
A true next generation AI with the ability to think, learn, adapt and converse freely. Yours for a price of a cup of coffee!
Kickstart your understanding of  AngularJS, from the best-selling author of The Joy of PHP, jQuery, Bootstrap, and Swift
We're a group of NYC kids excited by the future of Silicon Alley and looking to excite others like us. Visit hackNY.org for more info!  

With your support, he will create an app that allows you to keep tabs on the activity of your friends and favorite open-source projects
Access your CloudApp files like files on your hard drive! Nimbus uses FUSE to make managing files easy with Finder.
An intuitive, fun, and easy to follow e-book that teaches the basics of jQuery by walking the reader through a realistic case study.
Help a little writing community with big ideals pay for hosting for a year.
A new revolutionary way to eat based on our body’s biology, not a math equation.
An eBook and PHP programming course for creating websites and applications without the use of geeky web developers. Like me.
Finally, a book as awesome as Bootstrap itself.  From the best-selling author of The Joy of PHP and The Joy of jQuery.
YaCyPi will be a turnkey solution for the Raspberry Pi to turn a common ordinary Raspberry Pi (Model B) into your own search engine.
A book and software library to make the lost art of Wide Computing - from science to robotics - available to everyone
Listen to any song in the world, share them with your friends, and communicate with your favorite artists all in one revolutionary app.
Adding alerting infrastructure to Observium, an network management platform designed to be both highly functional and a joy to use.
Boldforce helps high potential youth from low-opportunity settings navigate their way into STEM career pathways at  #YesWeCodeHack
Imagine your medical records and health information on a small portable card you can take with you wherever you go
Learn game programming from a video series for novice programmers and non-game programmers. Part of a larger series at codeschool.org.
Information artist Albert Hwang has designed a reinvented home theater system - one without screens. Help him share his sketches.
It's a USB compilation of extremely Private & Secure internet browsers which use new Encryption protocols to protect you while online
LAST ALERT is an iOS app I'd like to develop that will help you to track down a missing iPhone or iPod...after the battery has died.
Get the travel app that helps track your spending and shows you where to save so you can keep traveling longer.
Changing the way people learn language. Lango is developing an innovative app making it possible to learn any language, anywhere.
Canvas, WebGL and HTML5 are ready to create a truly ubiquitous, easily extended and smooth text editor for programmers. So let's do it!
A weekly video series about Ruby on Rails. Fund the initial videos about building APIs in Ruby on Rails to launch Rails Clips.
Rewrite the CoffeeScript compiler with proper compiler design principles and a focus on robustness and versatility.
A complete, intuitive, and easy to follow course on WordPress, Web Design, and Blogging!
A beautiful lighting console application that removes complexity and enables design
A 2-day, PHP developer conference in Seattle, WA, on September 11th–12th. Come learn, network, & hack with us in the Pacific Northwest.
Jump start the population on easy to use Open-Source web development.
TurboVote makes it easy to vote from home and sends text and email reminders so you don’t miss elections.
CactusCon is a security conference in Chandler, AZ. Let's keep admission free for attendees - thanks for your support!
A new, flexible and modern migrations system built into Django.
An Online Education Company dedicated to training Yoga Teachers and Yoga Professionals.
The next generation of aftermarket engine management systems. Open source, useable & with readable code.
DConf 2013 - a conference uniting all D programming language enthusiasts
BugKick - Free, open, and simple bug tracking.
The Apple iPad is a platform capable of innovative forms of musical expression.  JP1971's Mix and Match MIDI Pad (MxNM) will take advantage of that.
Convert your large RAW frames into rather compact Video RAW files, for real-time playback and editing. Automatic audio merge included!
Zombies. They're a problem that no one wants to address. When is the zombpocalypse going to be upon us, and more importantly, will...
An e-book and website to teach Swift-- Apple’s new programming language designed to power the next generation of apps for OS X and iOS.
Practice thousands of classical music pieces with virtual accompaniment at any tempo without distortion in pitch or sound quality.
Help us create a new online hub of knowledge to help Nepalese citizens realize their rights and navigate government!
Bringing Linux Distros to your Android device!
Enable Number Lock (NumLock) on your MacBook or Apple Wireless Keyboard
An extraction, parsing, and re-insertion toolkit in Python to assist translators working with the LiveMaker3 visual novel engine.
Our mission is to make your everyday communication fun and exciting. Surprise your friends with your new look on videos and selfies.
GeoGebra on tablets. With your help, it is possible. Dynamic mathematics meets touchscreen.
Voice Kite allows you to create your digital legacy and permanently share the sights and sounds of your memories with your loved ones.
Consuming Blackness Diasporically brings cultural workers together to examine the history, cultural context & growths of African diasporic performance
Need sleep? We can help. Information, support and research to help families. We'll keep it simple, because we know you're tired.
The writing tool that prods, pushes, praises, and trash-talks.
Queremos enseñar a niños y niñas sus primeros pasos en programación de forma fácil y divertida, en un entorno protegido, y en español.
Transfer Old Testament Bible verses to TheBibleTranslatorsAssistant.com semantic format for use in Philippines and Vanuatu languages
Micro-invest in a geo-based iPad app that allows viewers to discover and support innovative building projects that improve the living standards of all
"Now, everyone can create beautiful mobile apps, right on their smartphone. This product will take the world by storm."
A tracking system that lets students seamlessly check camera gear in and out of the equipment room and secures the equipment from theft
Let's build a searchable, archivable, database of AWDG events, talks, videos, members, and supporters.
A historic guidebook making Newport's unique past accessible at anytime to anyone with a web-enabled device.
Revamped and improved application cookbooks to make deploying code delightful.
SEO Gamechanger is an automated SEO Management web application that will revolutionize the SEO industry. No more spreadsheets!
VirtuLessons makes it easy to study music in the comfort and convenience of your own home by taking interactive music lessons online.
Newest smartphone App technology to teach and learn about Plants and Trees around the world - Just with a picture of a leaf!
Decentralized, peer-to-peer Git repositories aka "Git meets Bitcoin"
Ever wanted to keep track of upcoming or current video game titles and stay up to date on news related to them?
We've built the ultimate personalized radio but need your help to share it with the world!
I'm writing a Python programming book that covers intermediate level Python techniques
Do you really know how you are doing?  Meaningful and continuous feedback will help you get better at the things that matter most.
Weekly Screencasts focused on Professional Python and Data Science.
ODE is a web-based engineering project management system to facilitate the design and development of open source hardware projects.
Unallocated Space is a new hackerspace based on central Maryland.  We're seeking financial assistance to help us with our build out.  Thank you!
UnitedForCatfish.com will be a centralized hub for every state to use as a local and national resource for the protection of catfish.
A WordPress Plugin to help authors sell more books and make affiliate money through sites like Amazon and Barnes & Noble.
Heartbroken?  Fill the void with a pro editor built for HDSLR storytellers.
A complete, practical, engaging, and interactive course covering everything you need to know about writing Android applications!
Authorships.org helps eliminate disputes regarding who are the authors and in which position should they appear in medical journals
Save time, reduce bugs, and increase productivity with this groundbreaking AngularJS IDE. Come see what you've been missing!
Your (virtual) personal fitness trainer- FREE & On Demand. Free instruction for interval fitness training. For Gyms and personal use.
Our SPLIT SCREEN DESIGNER enables you to create great looking split screen effects super fast and in excellent quality.
A small device that clips onto your iPad, increasing the volume output. A perfect accessory for watching movies, gaming, and music.
An e-book, iBook and course that helps to learn, understand and master the SQL Language.
Just because you have a drone & a camera, doesn't mean you are a great aerial photographer! Flying IQ's online courses are here to help
LinkedMD™ is an application that organizes and securely stores personal health data!
Maximize service, minimize waiting. Waiters use iPhones to take orders at table, instant alerts from kitchen, swipe cards at table!
Find stylists that actually fit your personality, get consulted, manage appointments, and have payments handled automatically.
Share all file types across all devices/platforms instantly without  additional hardware/software, and without internet or a data plan!
A video course to help scientists and science majors get up to speed with the command line, fast.
NuScratch on the RaspberryPi has basic support for using the GPIO pins.  SZero will extend this to support many more devices
Turn Google Spreadsheets into mobile apps, in a single click.
Unlock the potential of the WP REST API at the command line.
RPerl compiles your low-magic Perl 5 code to run hundreds of times faster than interpreted Perl, with full backward compatibility!
Help grow the user-base of www.Yappy.im
An online course to teach anyone how to code by building real apps (like Uber and Snapchat clones) for Android M using Android Studio
iSi offers California drivers basic auto insurance information, policy summaries, and policy comparisons, instantaneously!
Meerkat is a mobile app-based communication tool that helps keep parents, teachers, and students safe and informed on school happenings
An online grocery shopping service that provides full access to grocers in your area, all through one website!
Impress your friends: make more dough as a web & mobile app developer, entrepreneur, & software engineer- No Coding Knowledge Required!
An accredited Bachelor's Degree for $1000. Because $130,000 just doesn't make sense.
NeoPING©  is the NextGen cloud ready ICMP aware internet monitoring tool.
Increase your computer's processing speed with our innovative software system and HyperDrive cloud network.
Using this App, you can release what's stressing you right now and find peace of mind. When you are peaceful, life is rich and good.
We believe the way people search for jobs on the internet today is flawed. We want to stack the odds in your favor.
I'm creating a 3d environment that interfaces with artificial neural networks to help create a better computational model of the brain.
A health system for developing countries. Real-time disease monitor/mapping and Electronic Medical Records with fingerprint patient ID.
Relaunch of my previously successfully funded project.   This time it cheaper and better
Online course about the mobile development business side, from how to start developing to become an expert contractor.
Recycle, Resell, Redistribute, Repurpose, Redirect & Reuse Consumer Products On A Safe & Secure Fully Automated Trade Exchange.
Quantum algorithms for computation have the potential to revolutionize technology, but quantum theory requires new mathematics.
How often do you accept agreements with legally binding terms you don't actually understand? - See what we are doing about it.
This video course will help you launch your own Cloud Server on Amazon AWS and host your own Parse Server
THINK'n is interactive, simple & fun. It shows everyone how to manage stress better in a proven way. It will change your life!
Imagine using iMessage to chat with your friends straight from your windows computer.
RSS news reader which uses the Dust blocking-resistant protocol engine to deliver news feeds while circumventing Internet filtering
This tool, written in the open source processing language, allows visually oriented designers to easily create 3D applets.
Neuroscience is hard and expensive.  Why is that?  We are developing low-cost tools for students to record the brains of insects.
Letting you focus on the writing, Novlr is accessible anywhere, constantly saved and a pleasure to write in. Try it now.
Critters! is a project that seeks to make affordable science education software for students designed primarily for the iPad.
Small Change is a 28-hour, kid-approved, classroom-tested financial skills curriculum that will positively impact kids' lives! FREE!!
BlocksCAD, specifically designed for STEM education, makes 3D printing easy and fun for elementary students and up.
Muralizer is a robot that prints on walls.  I'll make it an easy-to-assemble kit, so you can print your art on the wall.
Know Your City will be a free phone app and Website providing a tour of downtown Portland's cultural heritage.
What is the Origin Story of your Home Town. We want to know. Ride with the HistOrigin­™ app, let us tell you how communities came to be
A flexible, community-building app to track and share wildlife sightings among researchers and laymen alike.
Create your own custom embroidered apparel with this easy to use, cross-platform embroidery software.
GVST offers quality, free VST effects that are already popular with Windows users. The time has come to share them with Mac users.
We want to build a corporate identity media filter.  It will find and block/replace logos -- kind of like an ad-blocker, but for your videos.
Convert photos, logos and other images into a LEGO® brick mosaic with Brick-A-Pic. Build it yourself or give it as a gift!
Random Order Audio is a new audio format which offers more versatile recordings for artists, and more playback options for listeners.
Turn your smartphone into a VR Headset. Stream PC/Mac games at HD resolution and use a built in sensor for head-tracking for ONLY £10!
Easy-to-use professional Cloud IDE for ESP8266 & ESP32 w USB & OTA programming. Ideal for Arduino, Makers, H/W Hackers, & IoT products.
Making use of emerging virtual reality (VR) headsets, vcemo looks to become the web and phone based streaming platform for 360 videos
Hundreds of video, audio and computer vision elements, you can connect together. Gives you new opportunities without needing to code!
Archaeoscan is a software platform for archaeology and history lovers. State of the art 3D scanning and VR applied to archaeology!
Fast Type simplifies the keyboard to only 6 buttons, it has gesture navigation and uses AI to suggest the word you want.
Struggling to focus? Our applications can integrate with your every-day routine, while monitoring and improving focus over time!
By the end of the day, approximately 2,400 people will go missing in the US alone. SPOT helps find them faster, and more efficiently.
We take too few risks in our programming languages. This open-source project tries to fuse a DB directly into Java.
Originally designed for people with learning differences like dyslexia, this app is perfect for taking notes!
RapPhonics is a 30-year proven pre-reading program. We’re creating an app to make the program available for all. We need your support!
Open-sourcing Auto Notes extension code, adding features and extending it to Mozilla Firefox.
an app for your smart phone to allow users to get into a virtual line without first going to the walk-in venue!!!! Patent Pending TM
PreShow is a revolutionary new software that will change the way you and your team create shows.
mynext24 was originally created to schedule daily events and communicate to others.  Finazliing Android, iPad and Tablet versions now.
A complete virtual studio, turns a guitar into any number of virtual instruments. Play them in real time, with real studio instruments.
Keep your files safe and your passwords classy!
C# software library to detect and show differences between two (similar) texts.
Learn all things WordPress. Whether you want to build your own WP site or design for others, you'll have fun learning here!
I want to make 3D images and animations.
Internet Radio Software designed for Live Broadcast & Radio Automation using SHOUTcast, MP3, AAC & WMA technologies.
STI is the most innovative/forward thinking high tech educational children’s behavior modification software ever created.
List Ninja combines many apps into a single, versatile and highly customizable one. Get rid of all the clutter on your Android device!
Parenting is extra challenging without supportive friends and community. Family Groups matches parents together through great content.
LGBTQ Unscrambled is a glossary of lesbian, gay, bisexual, trans and queer terms in the form of an application for mobile devices.
The plode.me user base is growing, and I need help paying for the server usage to keep the awesome user experience going strong.
We would like to revolutionize WordPress development by providing tools and training for building commercial grade plugins.
Developing 3D animations to train officials, coaches, and players.  Improve the understanding of the games and make sports safer.
The fitness app that produces results. Complete with calisthenic workouts and nutritional information.
Enable Android Apps to Download, but not Upload! And let's put the user in control too!
KidsGoMobile takes the guesswork out of digital parenting by helping you identify & mitigate the risks your children encounter online.
Its primary goal is to allow a therapeutic solution to just relax
Zeta Code is a new way of visualizing and interacting with software. View your code-base from 10,000 ft, and zoom down to any method.
The objective is to create a method of using social media networks (ie Twitter, Facebook and future incarnations that have yet to...
The goal of this project is to create an online street art atlas curated by people from around the world.
CrunchTime is a simple idea turned iPhone app that all with a job can benefit from, it aims to helps users achieve work-life balance.
Manage one simple calendar for your family's activities. Everyone is instantly up-to-date. Cloud based. Access anywhere on any device.
I want to build an iPhone game to help people go green and build new earth-friendly habits by earning carbon credits.


Lindie connects people with local independent business alternatives to national chain stores.
A web-based interface for streamlining the use of SSH for deployments and system administration tasks across remote servers.
This project is an attempt to create the best front end web dev framework from all the best features/tools on the interwebs.
The mobile application which helps people of the world to connect and understand each other better, by learning different languages.
Neuron is a new and unique development platform that improves the way we access, manage, develop, extend and share websites.
Some test
Imagine being able to install a new website, create super-smart pages, plus top-quality graphics, in just a few minutes, FREE!
An open source team chat app along the lines of Campfire or Flowdock that anyone can easily get up and running on Heroku.
Hand coded, bootstrap  compatible, retina ready, four versions  of each icon, css options and customisation, browser friendly, free.
IngenoCollab is a tool to increase the productivity and speed up project advancement in both single and multi-team environments
The ALIS Education Kit provides an immersive environment where users can languages by identifying any object both visually and aurally.
Create, implement, and refine an API meant to streamline app discovery for applications implementing Open Sound Control.
A simple tool that makes it easy for members of cooperatives to keep their data organized without a lot of work.
Imagine an app made for blind users. The user snaps a picture of the scene they're looking at, and the app magically plays back a text description.
Get access to a vast library of high quality, current, and engaging video tutorials taught by great teachers.
Footy Card Xchange was designed by two nine year olds to trade footy cards with other kids in a safe online environment.
Use your computer like a game console: launch games, listen to music, watch movies, all with a simple and attractive interface.
AdifineFit is a iPhone / iPod Touch app for those people interested in Fitness and exercise.
I'll add ability to have notes attached to any skype contact, so you know who you are talking to.
Our tool will opt you out from any SPAM database and will help you to claim 15 Eur compensation for each SPAM received.
The NEXT next generation web designer. The world's most advanced graphic-page directly to ready on-the-web design tool. With NO coding.
Setting up remote schools anywhere with a volunteer based teaching community all over the world to provide universal education.
Seeing the small improvements leads to bigger success!
open-source SD engine & free web-based modeling
A collaborative kids exercise program that promotes healthy computer habits by balancing screen time with exercise.
Beer Hunte is not just an iPhone app it is how beer lovers everywhere can find great beers and tell the world all about it and even where they got it.
Edify is an educational learning system that provides the exact resources and additional instruction your child needs to succeed
Musiqli is a digital resource hub for the classical music community.
The KinCards app is the 21st century rolodex, created with the goal to eliminate the need to carry business cards.
DO YOU WANT TO SPEAK ANOTHER LANGUAGE INSTANTLY?  IHEAR ISPEAK TRANSLATES FOR YOU AND HELPS YOU COMMUNICATE BACK IN ANY LANGUAGE.
Your chance to impact development of industry-revolutionizing structural engineering software, beginning with connection design.
The world's safest Bitcoin wallet. Only you control your Bitcoins.
Chicago Art Map is ready to be packed up and sold to other cities. 
Start something that can spread like wildfire, all over the world, millions of people. No limits. Start a Jump.
SolidWorks/Video Games! http://www.Unity3D.com / https://www.allegorithmic.com/ SolidProjection is fully functional!
Write a book covering Android live wallpapers with a focus on basic math for graphical routines using algebra and geometry.
An app solution matching the weather conditions, your planned day activities, with the best places to go based on a location
I introduce to you the NAVI DEAL where your smart Phone and or I Pod combined with the navigation helps you find great deals nearby.
Control the world around you, with one single App.
A single interface to utilize multiple public cloud services for a private, secure and fast data storage.
Mobile app that will help users to learn more about traditional and modern Hawaii Music. KanakaMusic will show lyrics to Hawaii songs.
Cinema-Sync lets friends and family synchronously watch videos, movies and live streams from smartphones together locally or worldwide.
The Facebook App Creator... Where you yourself can create a Facebook Page/App even if you have little to no experience..
A web-based photo-sharing platform where people browse photos for goods and services.
An open source webapp that maps all human beliefs and their 
connections to each other.
Did you try to do something good to a stranger for no reason and no money? It's contagious. And the whole world needs to be infected.
Anyone that has worked in a particular area for any amount of time knows how hard it is to choose somewhere for lunch.
Wouldn't it be great if XP users could continue to use their computers safely beyond April 2014?
Logiciel d'aide à l'écriture, pour personnes qui ont des difficultés en orthographe et/ou grammaire.
Any  information you need about ANY known species of plant/tree in the WORLD, simply by taking a picture of its leaf.
Art of Counting is dedicated to the quantifiable discovery of patterns, trends, and messages in visual material from all eras.
New version of the Trello power-up: Faster, more robust, remembers your favorite display mode, and also works for your card list page.
What is 'Be There Bedtime Stories'? It's video bedtime stories from the web - we call 'em Webtime Stories! Let's make an App for that.
Big Stuff, Little Things, a web project that will help you set goals, accomplish big stuff and track the little things that make your life better
Easily use and create new pronunciation and reading tutoring systems for any language, starting with English for all ages.
Blender is a 3d animation and motion graphic platform for Linux, Mac, and Windows. Let's add video editing to the mix for a killer app.
ilys.com helps writers get into and stay in the flow state by not allowing the mind to act on any blocking thoughts.
Let's build and remix a new Personal Web Theme Park together in a fun Adventurama multiverse with "people come first" privacy model!
The goal of our project is to make your time spent online productive and comfortable. We will make you feel at home on the internet!
Language is the key to unlocking the door of new opportunity.
Multi functional social gaming platforme for football fans. the first competitive social network. All football communities in one place
Opteamized.com is designed to align multiple projects simultaneously and keep them aligned in the process. Now everyone is succesful!
Helping provide "justice for all" by building a suite of open source-open API tools for the courts and legal practitioners.
G2 refers to a new physics engine which provides the developer the ability to use relativistic physics in their games.
JavaWIDE provides free innovative collaboration features in a programming environment for under-resourced schools and environments.
A combination of digital, physical interaction to offer hotel patron's. Fun & exciting new game that is played LIVE in hotel's.
a content aggregator with personality. your personality.
Meal Mapper transforms meal planning into a simple set of grocery lists, cooking instructions, and automates nutritional tracking.
JaiRo is the most powerful, easy to use, unified networking platform in the world. Together, let's bring power to the network core.
Safe ad post is a post verification site designed to verfiy posters on certain internet websites such as Craigslist etc.
Mailelf brings encrypted email to your existing email accounts. Stop companies and governments from spying on your messages.
ActiveTweets lets you unlock user accounts, set passwords, and manage group membership of Active Directory users through Twitter.
Use your Xbox One controller with the Mac. Finally.
Mobile application that allows you to navigate sporting stadiums without a cell phone signal. Additional features with a signal.
This project is an attempt to create the best front end web dev framework from all the best features/tools on the interwebs.
An affordable, intuitive POS system for small/medium business with a user friendly interface customized to fit specific business needs.
Gain a fresh vision of your place in time and space as you interact with this dynamic integration of clock, calendar and historic time
Very small solid state fan-less computing device
-Consumes very little power
Runs completely free software - reconfigure in the cloud
The Ninja-Net software and algorithm is the first-ever speedup of the Neighbor-Net phylogeny split network algorithm.
Turn your Facebook into an actual book with MeBook!
Wayward is on a mission to get your "stuff" back
Project your earth shattering concept, through fibers and font.
Spectral is a new kind of text editor for programmers. It enables rich expression of code using fonts, pictures, notes, multimedia etc.
Apparition MIMICs the actions of True Specialists, to fix your computer and eliminate Exaggerated repair cost and Subpar repairs.
Anyone can animate with Animajig. We've made a tool so simple, yet powerful, that all you need to bring is an idea to share.
Semantic Seed was established in 2008 by the founders of Urban Technology Ventures and Breakthrough Ventures as a NON PROFIT venture accelerator 
Setting up the AAX-DSP hardware system and developing the new framework needed to port first 5 products!
Sports, Concerts, Trade Shows, Conferences, school calendars, all done as set it & never forget it, be 1st to test & suggest as sponsor
Budgeting & Business Planning is easy with our time-tested, interactive software.    Got a business idea?  We'll help bring it to life!
A set of tools that allow websites to create 3D environments that can be explored with a free Android app.
BrainBart is a fun teaching & learning application that runs on any device (iPhone/iPad, android tablets/phone, xbox+ps3+wii)
A family sharing and storage portal for all of your media. Share, Send, View, Chat, Laugh, Family and Friends sharing platform.
Conferam empowers intelligent conversations around the web's most interesting ideas. Launch a panel discussion featuring you.
Distiller allows businesses to track feature requests, bugs, and other issues but also offers a social aspect of interaction.
The notes of your favorite tune is now played as a keystroke on your keyboard.  Hear your typing skills improve as you play music.
My objective is to set up research apparatus with an Inertial Electrostatic Confinement fusor to investigate its use in spaceflight.
Modern CSC is a computer science competition that helps high school students in the Metro Atlanta area test & expand their knowledge.
Voter Response is developing a convenient affordable approach to letting Congress know your opinion and where you have concerns.
Use open source software!
Let's help freelancers and small businesses collect money they are owed, by exposing the businesses that have stiffed them on payment and don't pay.
Our job tracking platform will keep your business better organized and keep track of daily tasks as well as store documents and  files.
A good idea promoting algorithm
Don't forget your UX Due Diligence when creating products. UX Gofer streamlines your user research so you can create better products.
Excel Production Planning graphical intuitive 1 level of Bill of Materials look up & real time consumption. http://youtu.be/N8zEvxkxhcw
Disk caching for Windows - combine the speed of your SSD with the capacity of HDD.
ToGather is your ALL in ONE event app to use with family, friends, classmates, teammates & colleagues for creating and sharing events!
If you need a practical, fun way to learn programming this is the place. Learn JAVA by building an awesome game you can show off!
Turning your Android device into a VERY powerful graphing calculator.  Usable by anyone, useful to everyone.  Octave+gnuplot+Android.
Our software connects researchers with manufacturers for enhanced access to the tools and information needed to do great science!
What if we could quantify worldviews, determine their impact on others and make truly responsive public policy choices? We can!
Easy Market Manager is the software for the automated management of your online shops.
Newest smartphone App technology to teach and learn about the world around us
Gibson is open source software that visualizes real time events on a 3D model of your network.
Game Scribbler is a monthly subscription box which is dedicated to teaching programming through basic game development.
This spring, 20 first-year students at Allegheny College will found a business offering free 3D printing support to the blind.
This is an application dedicated to painting services.
Wikipedia can tell you the "what?", but VK tells you the "why?" Understand things as deeply as scientists do!
We are creating a Free Open Source Trello/Wunderlist/Remember The milk/ to-do Clone with PHP and MySQL, works with almost any hosting.
You can learn anything! Find out what you love and start doing it constantly. Practice does make perfect. And the success will come!
Map and structure the entire Human Genome (approximately 3.2 billion nucleotide base pairs) in Excel Pivot tables and Charts
PCFerret: Free technical support, discovery and analysis tools. New module will find hidden data and inappropriate pornography.
Get all the power of a complete kit for WordPress: Custom Post Types, Form Builder, View Designer, and dozens of integrations.
GNUstep is a free software project which seeks to implement the Cocoa APIs and supporting libraries on as many platforms as possible.
iggloo is the simplest and easiest way to have a fully working MVC Java application with minimal fuss
The Internet of 3D Virtual Worlds — a system of interconnected user-generated worlds, accessible through a single user interface.
JWildfire is known for its powerful flame-fractal-editor. It would be so cool to have a GPU-based renderer for highspeed-rendering.
RFTLive is a Home or Business Computer Monitoring Software for all Windows Operating Systems. Currently gathering funds for production.
A fully functional Linux Distribution powered by the Enlightenment Foundation Libraries. Geared towards touch screen and ARM devices.
Getting together with friends last minute can get annoying. That's why we developed an intelligent system that does it for us.
Using Virtual Reality To Experience Religious Historical Locations
We're looking to get FlrtAlert, currently an iPhone only dating app, developed for Android so that more users can meet their soul mates
You or someone you know uses Android everyday, you know it's cool, easy to use and fast. Now your Laptop or PC will also run on Android
Hello Workout recommends workouts based on your goals and preferences so that you achieve results and love your workout.
We're going to build an iPad/iPhone App that includes trail info, photos, GPS tracking, and trail ratings for hundreds of trails from across the US.
With its language memorization features, translator, and more, users will learn a foreign language faster than they thought possible.
Your out with the fam and suddenly its lunch time! Youve only got a few bucks till payday and your looking for something on the cheap.
By using a cross-country bike ride as a vehicle of communication, R4WH advocates for improvements in the quality and accessibility of global health.
A revolutionary and unique Online Self Assessment Tool, used for the improvement of couple's relationships.
A place to manage your reptiles, share photos and stories, find advice, set care reminders, track breeding projects and much more.
The Concert Hands mobile application is a 3D piano playing assistance and gaming app for the iPhone and iPad.
Calculations, 2d and 3d cad drawings. Instructions how to make metal products for expensive houses. Estimate cost, save data local or .
A digital safe deposit box. You can store your private videos, important documents and have it sent out automatically in the future.
Upload Panorama Photos and share them in virtual reality (3D) with your friends. A social Virtual Reality app!
As a freeware user myself, I strongly believe everyone should have an option to use an efficient freeware alternative.
A tool to set up a private organization event that doubles up people as roommates, campus housing, or create your individual profile.
Keep losing your valuable work via USB?,well we have the solution, a USB software that auto syncs your work from your USB to the cloud
Upgrading CCA into 6 software modules and an open source software app for all churches and organizations can use for FREE.
Record ANY phone call from ANY phone,straight to your email,for ANY reason,without extra equipment...over 30 countries to be supported
MusicYou will be an exciting music voting website. People Upload their sounds, People vote on them. You decide on what stays or goes.
Help make the premier conference for Notepad.exe users and plain-text enthusiasts a reality!
I'm turning Python 101 into a video series
A new learning system called SYM-on. Helps you understand English better than any other program. So Switch your Mind on with us!
The most comprehensive unit conversion app to date, across a vast range of measurements. All in one, easy to use app.
Become an expert React web developer with this online video course.
Hybrid SteamOS + Android multi-mode entertainment system.
fred lets you run your own RSS/Atom feed reader backend.  Break free of external dependencies.  No more rug-pulling by providers!
Using Neuro-Science to finally make people conversational in a second language with a REVOLUTIONARY APP.
Make full apps for your tablet, on your tablet. Without Progamming.
An equally powerful alternative for software development!
Open-source collaboration infrastructure to spark bottom-up organizing and emergent collective intelligence.
A weekend of hyper-focused fun and productivity in London to master the Elixir language and contribute to the ecosystem.
App calculate total cost of fuel consumption for car per year. Enter travel distance, fuel price and compare between 3000 new cars.
An explosive Lead CRM that actually gets you leads, manages leads and is meant for the sales person rather than the manager.
Building apps is as easy as fitting together puzzle blocks. Get in the $26 billion mobile app market, projected to be $77B/year by 2017
The Gigastrand Operating System is Linux for your business and for your mom. It is for people who don't know what LINUX is...yet.
I am in the middle of developing a Shoot the Moon app (similar to Texas 42), but am moving out of the state.  I need help completing it
Botangle offers teaching over video chat. So if you need help, you can get help from anyone, anywhere, for anything.
A web application for praying the Anglican Breviary with a choice of options including Eastern and Western kalendars.
The "iPod into Space" project is a project to allow anyone to launch into space for a hundred bucks.
Voice Annotator allows you to record and drag-drop your voice commentary into Word and Gmail, saving time and enriching content.
Free App featuring evolutionary advanced particle system audio affects. Open source libraries for developing RT a/v apps.
This project uses a Raspberry Pi and Home Berry Cloud software to create your own home cloud.
Unique opportunity to learn to program, improve spreadsheet processes and get amazing rewards several times the pledge amount
Every dollar you donate helps the people I treat get a certified hypnotherapist who can help them solve life's greatest challenges.  God Bless You.
SharpMind - Mind Mapping software that displays basic text,
 webpage and video nodes. communication with team members via ms lync
We want to visualize higher education curriculum so educators and students can identify cultural patterns and plan sustainable futures.
Imagine an intelligent online system that writes code to solve problems and delivers software solutions to global users.
This course will give you all the basic knowledge you need to get coding in Python!
ZOA helps you find a perfect match for your pet based on your location and breed preference.
A secure text, voice messaging platform. Designed to provide hosted & end 2 end encryption services using the IRC protocol.
Final Request is the only company to simplify the necessary demands after one’s passing, making everyone's life and legacy, better.
Flourish! is a conference promoting the use and adoption of Free Libre Open Source Software (FLOSS) through talks, workshops, and more!
An operating system to learn from! Fling OS will be fully-documented with tutorials and reference documentation aimed at students.
Put on webinars that promote literacy and help schools, libraries and non-profits need to raise money by taking advantage of next-generation books.
The single site for everyone involved in career changes. Searching, applying, tracking, communications, and workflow rolled into one.
Protects original audio (even if pitch-shifted or sampled) with inaudible rhythmic frequencies and serial numbers. Website monitors use
Major upgrade to Kangas Sound Editor, making it easier to create music compositions, and the supporting fun kangaroo-themed website.
Support the design and development of 25 original online and mobile games created by participants of L612's Technology Leadership Camp.
Jiveocity is the very first location based, social networking mobile application where users can fully interact with one another.
Outbreak is a mobile application that will help educate people by demonstrating how diseases spread (on a large scale).
Breaking down the barriers of expensive mobile data capture. For personal or business use. please also see www.mapz.mobi
If you you hate reading, but you want to change, Jendoux can help!
Ability to run Android applications on Windows Phone 8.
A complete, high intensity cardiovascular workout in 20 seriously intense minutes.
A flexible programming platform based on the Arduino processor that contains numerous devices that teach modern programming concepts.
A mobile application for the iphone, android platform, and windows CE to help individuals with color defiency identify colors using there camera
I am building an "Anti-Bullying" online course for students to take while they sit in In-School suspension for bullying others!
An open source application and framework to facilitate encrypted communication and file transfers.
hook.io is an open-source hosting platform for webhooks and microservices. We are building something free and wonderful for the world.
A major upgrade to Goldenseal small business software for Macintosh.  Cocoa & latest Mac interface, nifty new features.
A brilliant app for travellers showcasing the world’s best kept secrets and unheard of local travel experiences.
"who has the bread does not have the teeth, who has the teeth does not have the bread"
We're using information from Twitter to map the world's interests, including everything from international brands to celebrities.
This app is for Android: We are including IOS ver with dynamic key changes soon. www.skcjju256.com/sample. Free apps are available.
Room4Staff is a Markbook made for modern teaching, designed by teachers for teachers. Developed in the UK.
Seamlessly weave together images, links, videos, & notes onto your book to create, organize & share knowledge. Help us get to mobile!
Baby Grow phone app saves baby images to a website also creates a family tree with other users babies monitoring all round baby growth
Deaf and Hard of Hearing people experience communication barriers every day - we can use technology to break down these barriers.
Just Mail is an encrypted easy-to-use email platform based on a distributed storage network and I2P.
ibeenet Cloud Hosted IP PBX offers Telco in the USA
Music toolbox replaces pricey metronomes and tuners with an all-in-one android application built by and for high school band students.
2D game for mobile devices that has regional relevance and educational references.  No other game like it exists at the moment
a computer based program that uses the micro chip number of a pet to upload all medical history to a main server accessibl anywhere
The best form addon for Concrete 5.6 needs to be rebuild in Concrete 5.7. Help us achieve our goal!
A platform for software defined controllers that will enable you to interface with software in a new and interactive way.
We are re-creating in virtual form the 5 towns of Enfield, Greenwich, Dana, Prescott and New Salem for a video game.
Designing and programming a virtual 3D nuclear power plant for children to remotely maneuver robots.
Protect your children with a controlled gateway in Windows® allowing you to select the applications and time your children can play.
Revolutionary new tool enables anybody (13+)  to create their own high-value, commercial software with NO coding or technical skills!
To create the ultimate knowledge base for practical Green Solutions via a collaborative web site.
Project to create an Automator script for Mac, that backs up your World of Warcraft Addons for safe keeping or use on another computer
A mobile application that will be used as the host for the simulated virus.
intellpath.me is a free web application that aims to help users achieve their goals through personalized recommendations.
Capture It! Capturing the lives of African Americans; Through picture filled software, educational workbooks, coloring books and more!
Time tracker is an application that calculates and stores records involving increments of time.
Would you like to have a multi-sensory experience of your life?
If so, Storica is your ultimate documenting and recollecting tool!
BONZOI is a Brain Space for Thought, Reaction, and Real Time Author Collaboration in the Cloud. Make Money w/ Your own original content
grafí̱, from the Greek for script, will enable you to email, text and post on social media in your own handwriting.
Painless Notes is a program for Windows and Mac to make note taking easy and painless with a computer.
Project Reina is a collective effort to reinvent the way people use technology!
Cues are  prompts to performers on stage,Project ICUE is for creators and users of products to get prompts from the time of creation!
Its an ultra light weight 8 bit design tool packed with powerful features which works on iOS, Android, Windows, Mac, Ubuntu, and more!!
You don't need a programmer to develop and manage a powerful website!
Magento Environments will help you manage different environments ( development, staging, pre-production and more ) without headache.
More than just a text editor, IRON is an animated IDE. Built with video game technology for the professional software developer.
Pot Hole Locator
Tupi: An Open/Free 2D Animation Software based on usability and community values. Every human is an artist! Everybody is welcome! :)
Answer the unanswered questions of the universe and create solutions and cures now said to be incurable and solution less.
NXDOS is a open source dos operating system, It is mostly complete except it needs a working FAT file system and test/debugging.
New, jaw-dropping website for the biggest podcasts catalog in Poland - podcast.pl. Our current page is good, but we want to be the best. Help us today
Interactive learn to count app for preschool-age kids based on singer/songwriter Rick Charette's catchy tune.
Info-Guard is new advanced cryptography software allowing to secure content or particular file on any type of media including cloud.
Extend a cross-platform database app with online synchronization, sharing, and Android+iOS support.
Retired people can program.  I want to provide a workbench where they can build smart phone apps "per request" or just play around.
Enabling parents to remotely restrict their child’s access to their mobile phone to set times,reducing purchases,threats & distractions
Be more successful! A new project management portal from an industry expert with over 25 years experience.
We bring LIVE COACHED Online Fitness classes directly to you at a time and location that best fits your schedule.
App-Pi is the worlds first 100% Native, Hackable Mobile App Development Platform built with Raspberry Pi.
We are looking to cut down on waste and create an ecosystem for people to buy and sell clothing.  Not only are we helping people make money, but reuse
Detects near-by devices such as cell phones, tablets, and laptops. Does this through 802.11, Bluetooth, cell phone protocols, etc..
MultiTouchBlender3D is Blender3D with a new interface and ported to all multi-touch platforms.  Open source, for pros and kids.
iDJ is a mobile application that lets you send live song requests directly to your DJ from your smartphone. Patent pending.
A digestible curriculum to understand and become proficient in embedded IoT system development, using the low cost Raspberry Pi.
Sync & Backup Mobile phone Contents to Cloud or Own Computer. Keep your Messages, Contacts, Media, Pictures & documents protected.
Education Empowerment Through Technology
An app that allows the canvas to be chosen, and for shapes to be placed on the canvas which can be popped when in play mode.
The First ever Hybrid streaming music platform dedicated to Electronic Dance Music!
a free os for free people.
Dovetail is a free smartphone app for texting people physically near you, which can't be censored or shut down by third-parties
The prototyping and code generation tool (not only) for your RaspberryPi [video in description]
GAUCHOS: electronic charting application to enable non-profit organizations and volunteer clinicians deliver care more efficiently
Help Us to Redefine Transparency in Politics and the Media, while Providing Internships to Students Across the Country!
Ultimate software problem solver - "I Don't Want It" program will help you to get rid of things you don't want to see on your PC.
Convert your Objective-C sources to Swift.
On the fly. Online or on OSX.
Create a unilateral multi-platform anti-cheat, security, and player fairness engine to work with many multiplay online video games.
Acropora is a procedural voxel modeler for creating complex, organic mesh topologies for use in 3D digital art.
Online design tools as well as cross-platform desktop design software for fashion and textile designers, students and enthusiasts.
PasteLink is a simple drag & drop interface for sending and sharing files of any type and size.
We want to improve the typing experience on touchscreen by developing a new keyboard inspired by the most efficient structure in nature
Distributed, cooperative, open-source monitoring of the airwaves.
I'm a Microsoft C# MVP and speak on .NET topics. In addition my most popular talk is how to prepare engineers to ace an interview.
Tired of the same workout? Moxxiie is an innovative technology that allows members to participate in many activities at no extra cost!
Learn to build 10+ Applications in this complete Apple Watch Development Course! Includes all you need to know about Xcode and Swift!
A visual programming IDE (flow based programming) to create applications without writing a single line of code.
Saving rendered images with Adobe Photoshop is annoying. This script allows you to render all possible layer combinations at once
GUI Astronomical Imaging Processing, for Linux, BSD, and windows.
Learn how to program real ASP.NET applications by example. A video tutorial series that will walk you through developing web apps.
Help create a series of application templates for the Ionic Framework using Material Design.
Spanish Virtual reality learning experience. Taking immersive language learning to your living room.
Download REAL now, not tomorrow. We have a working Beta version for you, You will find download link here.
The aim is to create an open source email client based on Python/Django. Easy to implement in projects and simple to develop
CrossTap is typing software. With it, you can type really fast on any device- smart phones, tablets, game controllers, even cars.
Find the most relevant results in the least amount of  time when searching the web. Next generation intelligent search engine
A web-based analytics platform which uses a formal semantics framework to put data into meaningful information.
Website for Diabetics. Get reminders to test, record blood sugar, manage test strips, view reports, and get clear feedback.
Bringing powerful, extremely affordable, real-time, hosted dashboards to the masses. Use your data in real time!
A tool for Property Management companies to streamline their LIHTC compliance reporting workflow.
Your data at a glance, shown on a beautiful status board application designed for Windows, Mac OS X and Linux.
A new kind of movable type that may change the way writers write, the way publishers publish, and the way readers read – that's all.
Help Gudagi integrate new features and deploy its open source platform to provide truly private services for sharing and collaborating securely.
Use discarded materials to create innovative, practical, and wearable works of art + change the world. This app shows you how!
A software platform to help fashion designers reach out to clients and to provide a novel shopping experience for the customers.
TweetFree allows users in countries that censor or track access to social networks to post to those networks anonymously and securely.
Your ultimate "WeeWee-KaKa" mobile web app and more....
The legendary Dark Energy, ported to Windows/Linux OFX (NVIDIA GPU Powered).  Focus will be on on Avid, Resolve, NUKE, and SCRATCH.
New way to share pics & vids .we're on the apple market we need help funding the android market & the website taking it global thanks
Artificial intelligence is blossoming in high-tech companies.. Can we have it too? This project wants to bring it to you...at low cost!
The next generation blogging platform and suite of tools, which make content creation, storage and publishing simple.
A project to continue to develop a group of open source sites and extensions for different personal privacy/anti-surveillance uses.
A series of online courses teaching you how to hack iOS devices and applications.
Every city has a soul, and it's possible to convey that soul to travelers via an app. Support us while we capture the soul of New York.
Atom PE is a Project that brings together multitude of tools(open source and freeware) from across the internet and put into one disc.
The Redfox Plot project is a graphical user interface for Gnuplot.
Introducing Drive Alive, the world's first app designed to stop cell phone related distracted driving without locking your phone.
Using Minecraft to help kids learn real-world computer programming skills.  Get online video training designed for kids.
CADO™ is our intuitive CAD application for your iPad made to be  'touched' and seamlessly fitting into your design workflow.
Transforming the relationship between chemistry and computers by providing a comprehensive suite of online tools for chemists.
Creates a hybrid heating system that optimizes between central furnace and individual electric heaters saving up to 40% of heating cost
Emacsy is an embeddable Emacs-like library aimed at non-textual applications.  Make your app more extensible, scriptable, and fun!
Anonymous, two-way voting platform: create topics, vote, and explore the demographics behind voting results
Design your own screen layouts for LCD touchscreens! Customize button/widget colors. Drag in and drop widgets like you are used to.
The Foreign Language Library Online: a dual-language website to read short articles for fun in French, German, Spanish & Russian.  
An easy-to-use image processing app for Windows/OSX/Linux with video tutorials on writing your own new effects in Java.
Creative teachers can create flashcards that make students interact in seconds.
In2014 Click It Clinic was launched by Dr Latisha Rowe in Houston Texas. We are creating an app to enhance our user experience.
The aim of this project is to increase the visibility, accessibility and further enhance the richness of doctoral theses.
GPS Trail Conference Will be a social domain for hikers and bikers alike. A place to share hike paths and bike rides with others. 
I am looking to build the next best software products for use in the enterprise sector for you to use and improve your productivity
Communication software for people with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS)
An object-oriented, generative language designed to produce efficient, semantically rich code, using modern metaprogramming techniques.
The Party Wreckers System is a social networking platform that gives political representatives a direct connection with constituents.
Encrypted Geosocial Networking site built for people who value their privacy.
Project will simulate a field of atoms with subatomic accuracy.
No scroll email is a custom email application that only accepts email messages which can be read without having to use a scroll bar.
A new way to discover, share and organize the media and information we need in our lives.
www.satellitesportsnetwork.com targets and appeals to intelligent sports enthusiasts with feature stories, photos and trending videos
An interactive exhibit to be located in a lobby of a Planetarium. Remote control an R/C vehicle while watching on a monitor.
An app that will save all of the wasted paper that is thrown out from everyone in the world throwing out old and ruined karaoke books.
Help us build a comprehensive learning management system for school music ensembles! If successful, schools will get it FREE for LIFE!!
Signar is a unique piece of software designed to translate text into Sign Language by having a character model sign them.
Extend multilingual capability of existing Semaphon app - semantic phone number to word(s) converter, like: 639-9675 > NEW YORK
No budget software has ever been tailored for those living "hand to mouth" and that needs to change. With your help, it will change!
A website/newsletter which regularly updates and distributes new puzzles synchronously with new SDK/DLL packages.
A complete, easy to follow course on Concrete5. Includes tutorial videos on how to build a theme and how to use the system.
Attraction App is a web application that helps people put their destiny into reality. 
E85Tracker provides FFV drivers a platform to locate E85 and gas stations and to track fuel choices, costs, and emissions over time.
An app that will create reviews and summaries by collecting data from social network updates, creating the ultimate review.
Travel planning can be difficult -- let's make it easy.
The US Government is complex. GovDecoder aims to bring together people who have questions about our government with people who know the answers.
A cross-platform all-in-one video desktop app for consumers. An easy way to play, organize, and edit your videos.
Live video feed into the brain of an hacker
FABULAS is a story creation app to inspire children to be more creative. It is simple to use, powerful and lots, and lots, of fun!
Apps for designing a house or any environment that combines augmented reality, web technology and the simplicity for the user.
Unreal Script integrated development environment for UDK
Speed up software development! Leto automates your every day tasks and busy work, and is language/framework agnostic.
Inspection Time is a project to complete a home inspection software package that has little to no upfront cost to Home Inspectors.
Make your own scientific computer simulations! Freely run on phones, computers, and tablets. Great for students to learn programming!
#paperless is a movement to have faculty centered paperless initiatives at the classroom level.
Simplified I.T. Solutions strives to create administrative utilities that are simple, cost effective, and without limitations.
User-friendly Operating System based on Linux, striving for consistency and control. We're putting the power back into the users hands.
Give college kids the opportunity and encouragement to make it to class and Save the Environment at the same time!

A commercially available data-base for the general public & technicians to use in identifying & reporting explosive remnants of war.
Personalities from Psychological & Literary Models for Artificial Intelligence and Virtual Reality / Crowdsourced Fictional Characters
Creating a website is rewarding, yet hard work. These eBooks take you from Creation, right through to Upkeep of your brand new website.
Growing Skills Trellis is a low cost web based system that organizes and automates the ABA learning technique for children with autism.
Uses technology to help children learn to be more successful working with people, managing their lives, and making smart decisions.
A fresh new implementation of client-side clusterer for many mapping system (like Google Maps, OpenStreetMap, Bing Maps, ...)
100 young hackers with 48 hours in Europe's tech capital to create and innovate. 
Join us in Stockholm and watch tech history unfold!
Building a better future for students.Used for grades report, paying school fees, attendance, student medical information
LifeRaft is a leading edge, innovative proprietary software to help prevent cyberbullying in schools & law enforcement with crime.
Project of a NoSQL visually driven database; users can build and query a database using elegant drag n drop interface and no code.
Engage & delight your readers with Chrome, Safari and Firefox notifications sent directly to their desktops and phones ANYTIME !
Liberate your non-profit from constraints and costs. Free open source fund-raising and contact management for Windows, Mac, and Linux!
An affordable and feature rich (x86_64 port) iSCSI solution for general and commercial use embracing the RapidDisk modules for speed.
Fed up with paying a licence fee for SolusVM, WHMCS and your customers Minecraft Control Panel? See what we are planning!
GDC is an eco-driving game that you "play" while you drive.
Take a picture of sheet music with your mobile device and hear the music played back while watching the notes animate.
The Black Weblog Awards has showcased the best Black blogs since 2005. In 2011, we're putting on a live ceremony and reception...with your help!
An app for placing historic photos from the SF Library in augmented reality.  For SF tourists.
We have developed an all-in-one geophysical toolkit for a mobile smart device used to locate and define underground water sources.
REX is a free, drag-and-drop app builder that requires no coding and no experience to create cross-platform apps in just a few minutes.
Introducing Tweetsense, the technology that predicted elections – refocused to help the average individual and the college classroom
A NEW simple concept to organize both personal or business documents, files, photos, contracts, videos, links with worldwide access.
I am developing an A-Level Biology application. From personal experience, I know that this will benefit millions of people.
Dynamic Data Viewer  is an Ad-Hoc report  creation tool that allows you to create customized reports on the fly without a developer.
Huarache.org is a Open Source to make Social Network, created by Lovers of  Open Source
The Student Tool Kit will be a set of free and open tools to view the Internet and use various web services without censorship.
CodeJournals are intelligent journals that learn from what you tell them. They're a second brain.
Build apps, APIs, websites, IoT sensors, drones and robotics in any language, library and framework in seconds.
Update x86 and x64 installers for ActiViz .NET to use VTK 5.10.1. Crank ActiViz .NET to 11! (... ok, ok, to 5.10.1 then...)
FlyersStock.com is online publishing system for creating flyers, magazines, newsletters and etc. in the form of digital flipbook
ElectricalWhat is a free and open online database of electronic components  for students, teachers, makers, and anyone getting into electronics. 
Providing a FREE Home Score to homeowners that will tell them how likely their home will move on the market before they list.
unCONventional, the biggest online database for conventions and fan events worldwide
SQUID aims to provide an programming environment dedicated to correctness & project management via DB tech
— Let's get Kraken!
Revolutionizing the literary process for students who's primary means of communication is sign language.
Central Life is a cloud based app that syncs your family's plans through a calendar, shopping list, recipe guide and dinner planner.
Gestión y administración transparente de toda la actividad de gobierno o empresa. Basado en PHP7, Blockchain, Bootstrap, Cybersecurity
An eBook notation app that saves your personal edits as a separate file, and can be shared with anyone who owns the original eBook.
Our software will steer your sales team towards the goals that matter most for your business.  Unified direction, right now.
Have you ever wondered what would happen if everything you know was suddenly ripped from you?
TakeAChanceTuesday.com will be an awesome site that will force us to take more chances, hold us accountable, and provide a place for encouragement.
An online course that enables experienced software developers to build a complete iOS app in less than 10 hours.
Software to simulate the critical care environment, in order to help real doctors, students and ultimately real patients.
Helps kids engage dynamically with math. We'll help teach math visually by using gestures to create formulas and solve challenges.
Create an app that allows people to take a picture of something funny their man has done and turn it into a medal that they can share.
Learning the guitar has been great fun for me and I want to open a school and website to make it fun, effective and affordable for all.
Easy to use vector based 2D CAD app that makes floor plan design, architectural drawing and illustration quick and simple on the PC.
Folder deduplicator including atleast one simple statistical based matching system, full source and freeware after release.
Think pillow talk that protects free speech. Cuddles and caucus planning. Swipe in solidarity!
webnetcenter is a website that you provided the best stocks to buy and sell by showing you the daily, weekly and monthly charts.
Secure cloud based sharing of vital records.  Ever been told by a potential employer to send them your transcripts? Now it's easy!
Libeari aims to eliminate all paper from education through an all-in-one solution for students and teachers.
We are creating a website that makes the creation of art more diverse and accessible. Online collaboration, swapping, critiques and sharing.
WellPlay: Rehab seeks to transform rehab by changing how therapists and patients work together to achieve optimal outcomes.
The teacher to create a maths problem with step-by-step answers, hints and tips. The student downloads the package and solves problems.
Have ever seen something in a store window and wished you had the time to try it on, well with VR assist you virtually will.
Develop and distribute family friendly Christ centered video games; We also, coach and mentor at risk and underprivileged youth.
First in the world - Smart, flexible and convenient way to improve your health, help others and make a living!
YsUp is an educational social network for students to share notes online as they do in class.
Built for CrossFitters, My Fitness File is your complete fitness profiling, testing, programming and recording software.
I come from a hardworking restaurant family who realize that most POS systems out there are ugly and well .... POSs

This isn't a POS
Topnotch JavaScript conference in Salt Lake City, Utah area.
Engaging fans - connecting recruiters to athletes worldwide.
PLoW will combine volumetric lighting and parallel processing to build a framework for the next generation of 3D graphics.
This is a new platform for creating your own Smartphone App for any business, online or offline and it's very user friendly.
Using encryption, ciphers and peer to peer messaging, Redact sends heavily encrypted messages from one phone to another.
Ever Wanted to start your own Eventbrite kind of website but cant afford to hire expensive programmers and designers. Now you can...!!!
Virga Video will be an open source non-linear video editor with all the features you find in other high end commercial video editors
Core of Smashops is a final percentage rating of shops, which is based on the individual users ratings and smashes.
Free open source software combining the best of wiki and CMS with community building-features.
Amazing tool helping people find best color combinations, 10 yrs online. Our goal is to launch brand new version with great features.
To make literature searching, reviewing, and referencing easier and more efficient; thus helping accelerate research.
Visageo is a web & mobile application designed to provide the most exciting, accurate, 3D online clothes-shopping experience!
Song Illustrator closes the learning curve for making lightshows of any kind.
OpenMEAP provides open source software that enables web developers and designers to create mobile applications and mobile games.
Your personal bulletin board to take wherever you go. Any public WiFi becomes your sounding board. Spread the word, CafeSync.
I want funding so I can create NXTH -- the greatest soundware package ever for the Kurzweil PC3 and the Haken Continuum
MiniSystem will help you to keep everything you need everywhere, no matter which device you use.
Phone-2-PC is a smart phone app that will enable the smart phone users to use their smart phones as personal computers.
Learn how to code for Multi Core / HPC Systems through a graded , challenging , hands-on oriented course.
The next generation CRM that is easy, quick and fun to use and is built for the users. An adaptive tool that helps you focus.
EVoteTechnology Kiosk shall eradicated voter fraud at polling stations by providing each registered voter with a biometric  signature.
"Before I die I want to..." is a project that creates a healthy dialogue about death, empowering people to live life to the fullest.
Ties is a mobile app that helps you find projects, jobs, events to get involved with and meet the people that are putting them together
THE INVESTING & TECHNOLOGY SUMMIT OF THE YEAR!
Think "Shark Tank" meets "American Idol," but geared for technology people!
Recipe Nom is an easy-to-use tool that allows you to easily bookmark recipes you come across on various food blogs and sites with an unobtrusive popup
Nemesis is a Linux-based open-source key-management solution built independent of any cloud platform for legacy and newer apps.
Freedom to be online safely and securely. A computer that lets anyone protect their identity, information and location online.
Our first issue is about the evolutionary changes of mobile technology, hundreds of gadgets and technologies from the past and present.
What is Twitter to you? What about getting a coherent Statistical & Data Mining picture of the whole Twitter data stream in Real-Time?
Household contents inventory management system for insurance claims, helping victims of disasters recover and rebuild their lives.
Provision is a finance and lifestyle management software that applies business insights and biblical principles to personal finance
The simplest encrypted email solution, protecting everyone's privacy rights. Keep your current email address and only you hold the keys
First Worldwide Computerized Intelligent Learning Center. It is a unique system of input/output for learning in the right language!
Domain Fetcher has been around since 2003 and has always been free. We are looking to update our software to expand it's capabilities.
Patti helps you create digital art & patterns. Back this project to support final development of this software and get a copy!
We are creating Human-Readable Privacy Policies to clearly explain how your information is used and shared online.
A mobile app allowing you to save money, and the environment by finding you a shared ride with someone going in the same direction
Salva will empower parents to harness the good and reduce forays to the dark side of the internet, creating a safer space for children.
Noob Drummer - Easy drum simulation/recording/mixing; Help me help musicians of the interwebs
We're traveling to Uganda to give away 52 bicycles. Fifty-two bicycles to 52 orphaned children. Ride with us to Africa!
Pie Time™ is a clock app that helps kids - and their parents - make time management easy as pie.
StudyLock is an intelligent educational system, that prevents excessive phone usage and helps our children learn.
Pulse - Is the most comperansive system to track everything for paranormal groups. From members, clients, equipment, evidence and more
Develop the AI you will merge with during the technological singularity.
Tweet Blender is an open source WordPress plugin that integrates tweet streams from Twitter users, lists, keyword searches, and hashtags into blogs.
9 integrated and enterprise-level business applications for small and medium sized businesses over the cloud.
Fund professional software developers building technology tools to help people on the autism spectrum succeed in school and work.
I'm building an online app to help you track the menstrual periods of women at http://www.flojuggler.com.
Keep your family and property safe while on the trail. Our 3D mobile solution informs you of threats to your loved ones and property,
A big mob + a little coin = a world of change.
Play almost any midi file and learn it visually using object recognition via webcam and augmented reality. Goodbye sheet music.
This will be an engaging interactive program that teaches patients on how to complete a Pulmonary Function Test.
V-DAYS is an interactive cookbook iPhone app, by cookery author Celia Brooks Brown. It aims to inspire one vegetarian day per week.
Software, interactively simple, adds AI 'Super Functions' to Photoshop, Intelligent Help for All Users built on the expert community
Help us build a free video editor with distributed workflow, storage, and rendering, aimed at TV production using HDSLR cameras.
The smartest ad-block to guard against advertisements and user tracking.  Feel in control of your privacy and enjoy the web again.
We're inventing a new type of hot-air balloon to film a documentary in the Amazon rainforest.  Can you help?
InTanj - A new software development methodology that abandons 20th century manufacturing principles and practices
We want to bring Custom-Boot USB sticks to a physical storefront chain.
Tweetograph is a platform for collecting and visualising realtime data from Twitter to spot newly emerging trends and patterns.
Do you want to escape to someplace great but don't know where to go? Or learn why it's so great? Let me help you Go Somewhere!
Help small filmmakers by contributing money to the development of open-source tools for partially automating production and editing.
"GoRoundit" will be a FREE smart phone app that will end traffic jams and pay you and your followers cash and coupons to participate!
Cross-browser animated images using SVG and CSS.
Designing a solid cheap band management software for public schools. Need funding to cover framework licensing and hosting.
Pie.js will be an all inclusive rapid development MVC framework.  Building single page javascript apps will be easy as pie.
Day trade the popular eMini S&P 500 (ES) futures.  Our software delivers automatic and accurate trade entry signals.
Agent Cayley™ is a virtual reality iOS game that will deliver and assess the entire Algebra 1 curriculum through exciting game play.
TCN is a non-profit organization which works to connect and support Tulsa artists by providing opportunities to collaborate and network.
New to market solution that enables fitness enthusiasts to effectively and efficiently get to any health and fitness goal imaginable
Making it possible to work on VBA projects within Visual Studio.  Bring your favourite IDE to the environment Microsoft forgot.
A team of development engineers are setting forth to create a procedural design algorithm that will take new steps in advancing physics
The new way to learn a foreign language. Combining language learning software for online & mobile with an online community.
Create Microsoft Office Word Documents on iPad
Let Team Genius manage your sports club tryouts,with accurate player rankings from multiple evaluation sources.
A Cordova / PhoneGap plugin to execute native page transitions directly from JavaScript. e.g. slide and flip
I want to protect your online presence, by protecting your critical passwords with a brand new project called the Password Protector!
Simple way to manage knowledge and information as well as increase productivity.
Quickly and easily create high quality scalable graphics to enhance websites, apps, games, digital graphics & printed media.
Evnt makes media collaboration simple, allowing anyone to view pictures and video instantly, live, and from multiple perspectives.
SOSgeo es una app de seguridad con la cual podrás crear tu propia red personal de seguridad y sentirte siempre seguro.
With almost daily reports of email spying by hackers and government and increasing spam/ads, AFOmail offers a safer email experience.
A free application that provides sports clubs with a simple way to significantly enhance its communications to members and families
Dark-Ingress is a portable device that automatically encrypts & anonymizes all your internet data with any wifi network you connect to.
Control your Mac through your iPhone the way you want.
Share the love of electronics and programming with someone with this easy to use kit.  You may just inspire the "Next Big Invention"!
Build your WooCommerce store is designed to be the ultimate video tutorial guide for both novice and intermediate users of Woocommerce.
OpenStack the open source cloud IAAS solution does not include a user friendly installation GUI.  Which my OPEN SOURCE project fixes!
I am trying to raise money for a computer-based reading intervention program that can help kids with dyslexia learn to read.
"SAY HELLO TO YOUR USERS!" with Push notifications from Fusion
target your users!

remind them to play!
In minutes, learn how to distribute iPhone, iPad, and iPod Touch apps without using the Apple App Store.
Tax Return Organizer is an iOS app that allows users to organize all of their tax information and documents on their iPhone or iPad.
LendSpin -Program to revolutionize the Lending Industry by a designed algorithm program (FB,etc.) that innovates all Consumers Success.
You make your list and we'll tell you which store in your area has the best price for your entire list, saving you money and time.
inspired by fascination with the cosmos that's never been outgrown
Build one browser extension that runs on Chrome, Safari, and Opera.
A Facebook application that gives you powerful Twitter search and filters to bring a Twitter conversation to your Facebook profile.
CoffeeNotes performs coffee analysis on a smartphone so you can brew that perfect cup of coffee and share your recipes with the world.
The Project was conceived by  public educators with tech skills and a desire to offer more interactivity to students and the public at historic sites.
A shopping application used to simplify the search of clothing store sales in your area.
Teenagers will create a software App  to communicate their thoughts and feelings with simplicity and understanding from their view.
Learning a Foreign Language ONLY through your Mother tongue and with funny games.
Specialized Math App that is designed with Artificial Intl. to help kids to young adults learn in an interested manner.
Fitness app that uses 3d video game technology to show proper form while offering the convenience of tracking your workouts and diets.
Backup anything anywhere automatically and RELAX! Storage, raspberry pi
Team up to empower kids! study on digital badges &learning (middle & high school). Everyone loves badges; how do they impact learning?
PhoneStackr is the cool new app that encourages people to detach from their phones while socializing and reconnect with the world again
A delicious gourmet breakfast delivery app which frees up the start of your day and satisfies that Morning Munchie feeling!
This software creates user specific reading guides for any book in the world.
A polished communication app made for Windows. Mailbird is email made SIMPLE!
We are creating The Crooked Oak Nature Center to give kids, parents & visitors to our area a fun & educational place to learn about the Natural World.
Slate allows you to visualise the structure of a spreadsheet in a simple and intuitive way.
Cloud based inventory system that includes smartphone app. Barcode compatible, full API and easy to use!
Tired of telemarketers? Now you can turn the tables on them with this clever bot.
Before traveling to a new place you may want to visit that place without actually going there. Travel beyond your imagination.
Following celebs is currently all about the app. FollowMyne makes it all about the person & posts only from his/her official accounts.
Ideafons.com lets great thinkers get their ideas out of their heads and into the public domain (before someone else patents them).
Pray For Us: currently available for the iPad only. We wish to release an iOS7 version of this app for the iPhone as well as the iPad.
Help supply and interact with a simulated first settlement on Mars.
LinkOS is a new operating system that allows the user to have the freedom of a high-powered desktop in a small compact design.
Secure, password-less access to the internet using your computer or smart device.
Everyone should vote. But FEW do because it's confusing. Where?  When? How? The Voting App will make voting easier and better.
Make us an independent Blogging platform to give people an Uncensored Voice
Collaborators will create a career exploration program in virtual reality format for students to practice responding to career events.
Chess Software Featuring Animated Chess Pieces with Attitudes (and Anxieties)
It's going to take more than CFL lightbulbs and programmable thermostats to reduce our energy consumption. A simple idea with big results
The 'Daily Challenge' is the new 'Daily Deal'. What will be your challenge?
QuickQuestion is a fun app that helps you answer life's questions - both big and small.
The Smart Search web extension will help users to search in more effective ways while using Google.
Mirari will make the random video chat format useful by allowing people to connect and discuss a certain subject or topic.
Bean-time is an open source project to connect Bluetooth Beacons with popular time tracking apps.
Depth is an intuitive Customer Management Solution catered to the collections industry, with the potential to expand into other sectors
Paper4Everyone is the first digital pen&paper solution for agile teams. Share your handwritten notes in the digital world!
I'm autistic and i build these worlds to isolate the real world 
this helps me to relax and not to take medicine
Alligator Bites invites people to open wide to possibility via 20 on-line workshops, each a do-able 20 minutes long, all for $20. Try the sample!
Virtual in-room concierge 
This feature is a prototype hologram of a human person that would communicate with the hotel visitor.
this funding will be for a linux jukebox software that will have these features. rip cd, burn album, download to phone, plus many more
A new satirical sci-fi novel — in an ebook+, the ebook with benefits... like original songs, underscoring, animations, and tweetability
Help create the perfect online booking system for your small business
Mobile app and website w/ tools for building a joyful community always ready to transform any F#%*ed-up situation into outrageous fun!
Kayosey is a parent theme for WordPress, fully accessible and adaptable, ready to fulfill the AAA WAI level of accessibility (a11y).
Is the merchant or business location safe to visit?  Have they had a customer information data breach?  4me! will let you know in time.
Tagll.us is a place to collect and share your online activity including bookmarks, status updates, tweets, and more.
In the beginning was the WORD - Bible. Everything Viberates! I bring music to LIFE by matching natural FREQUENCIES SUNLIGHT=528hz etc.
Instant Messaging technology combined with facebook technology used to empower and strengthen local communities.
Do yourself and the environment a favor. Put your adding machine on your PC, laptop or tablet. Retire that outdated mechanical device.
Early Programming Fun and Going into the Ocean of Creativity with Python and Turtle Graphics! -- Two ebooks for a Dollar each :)
We want to conduct a Canada-wide software competition to further the education of secondary school students.
Where You At? Quickly save and send GPS and locations via SMS, and set location alerts on mobile iOS, Android and web based platforms.
Remote control your stereo, portable speakers, or wifi headsets with any web enabled computer or mobile device.  It doubles as a PC!
Bridge Ready is a data connector that allows users to easily automate any online tasks, and integrate any applications online.
Bringing a state-of-the-art, extendable, RESTful, hypermedia web services API to the Joomla content management system.
Test, finish, & facelift Palimpsest. Free tools for building location based, interactive, 3D, light and sound iPhone and iPad apps.
Schematic capture and drawing software used to design circuits for the hobbiest and engineering professional.
Mushi Is 2D/3D Web Browser With A  Customizable 2D/3D Tablet Built In It Also Utilizes Your Web Cam To Control Your Computer & Web Nav
Whaikōrero Māori - The art of Māori speech making web app & 
Wāiata Mai Tamariki Mā - A sing along web App
When emergencies happen, are you prepared? No one is ever prepared. This is a game changer! MILLIONS of global users expected!
NervCell is a web browser that will be a platform for health innovation and will securely connect millions of doctors and patients.
Video tutorials over adobe after effects & premiere pro with a tutorial on how to use the main features in the programs
Have you ever seen your birchart?  I wll show you where the planets were at the time of your birth and how that can affect you today.  U R Unique!!
Ultra speed verification (1:1) and identification (1:n) of fingerprints using genetic programming.
Free easy-to-use open-source utility software. New programs coming on a regular basis for FREE. No strings attached.
The NEXT BIG THING in social media has arrived! Centralize, manage and monetize your social media with OneName Global, ON-G!
Pitch your ideas in a whole new way. Create interactive slideshows, digital signs and more for impressive touch & gesture presentation.
This is the evolution of the popular bbPress Notify (no-spam) plugin, featuring all the goodies that have been asked for by users.
Moody will be a mobile app, which will allow you to show your Mood to people in the vicinity(bars,restaurants, anywhere.)
Seeed is a new smart and safe way to create and recover your passwords. No more worrying about forgetting your strong passwords!
SuiteCRM is the world's best open source CRM application. We plan to release 100 new features in 400 days and we'd like your help.
IT permission management for disaster recovery and continuity of business. IT admins can implement predefined entitlement templates.
Turn sourcecode from a repository into dynamic HTML - so you can watch the software develop step by step, as if it's being written live
Appy empowers everyone to create apps.  We turn dreamers into doers.
A simple way to announce an emergency publically or to friends while optionally calling 911. Recreating 911 for communities.
The AIDS Quilt Touch Mobile Web App enables people to browse images, search for NAMES, and add comments in a digital guestbook.
ProNexio makes Java Development much faster and more comfortable with unique, powerful features that provide automated functionalities
GAKU Engine is an Open Source School Management System. Built to be flexible and extendable, driven to augment global education.
Affinity combines virtual and physical environments to stimulate creativity and trigger the imagination within a collaborative platform
CMS software makes your website easy to edit, but vulnerable to being hacked.  It doesn't have to be that way.
Asia's Siang River runs freely for 1800 miles and is now threatened by large-scale dams.  Empower local tribes who's ancestral lands will be drowned.
The BotBrain® System is a serious and fun learning tool for Science, Technology, Engineering and Math used by teachers and students.
XSportsData will be the hub for soccer teams to collect and analyze key data to target training and development of teams and players.
Help Us Build and Operate 5 High-End PC Platforms Dedicated Exclusively to  Running the BOINC Client for the Advancement of Science.
The worlds most affordable and feature packed Computerized Maintenance Management Solution in the world!
Awesome animated watch faces, made just for your Pebble!
Howdy Mac is a web configurator for Synergy. Our front-end and synchronizer makes sharing your keyboard and mouse across desktops easy.
tweetlighter's mission is to rid the world of share buttons and destroy the so-called "NASCAR" effect that has taken over the internet.  
Writing Software Pro allows aspiring writers to plan, manage, and produce their novel using well researched tools and building blocks.
Our webinar will teach you how to use free, open-source Robokind SDK motion editor to animate our robots/avatars or your own.
We want to create a fun and educational math game for young students. Math can be fun!
AeroMouse is a new system which makes you work without click. So the hand is free and relaxed!
Over 300,000 dolphins and whales die every year in commercial fishing nets as a result of by-catch (WWF).
It Is A Marketplace Of Intangibles Where People Can Request, Share, Sell And Buy Information And Knowledge.
Orahs takes digital content, and leaves it in the physical world; effectively making your places of interest, a lot more interesting.
The focus of the project is to create a secure file compression format using an image as the key.
Coding is Cool!  ITgirls is changing the face of IT.  An online community to Engage, Encourage, & Educate Tween girls to code
Support Joomla Web Fonts 3.0
Motivations, Ressource Center and Classroom Management (Gestion de classe) tips between Teachers, Parents and Childs on a Website.
Send and listen to recorded messages using VoiceNote. No looking at the Screen, no tapping.
Learn to create games, using REAL industry tools, interactively!
A game engine to drive cross-platform support without all the extra burdon that normally comes with it.
We are creating software that can be used by subscribers to select optimal lineups in paid online fantasy sports contests.
NextCar utilizes mobile tagging technology to give New Orleans streetcar riders the ability to predict when the next car will arrive.
We need to buy a Code Signing Certificate for our free automatic backup software so users can trust it without any warnings.
My mission is to pick up where the Raspberry Pi Foundation left off, and teach you Python Programming as they had originally intended.
Dramatically reduce interruptions from incoming emails by receiving low priority emails in batches a few times a day
Help kids love music! We’ve got a color based method that teaches any kid to play piano & read music. Help us turn it into a video game
Delightful Labor is a new open-source non-profit management program. Help us expand it's search and reporting functionality.
Streamlined Java IDE + Funding model for the Eclipse open-source ecosystem.
Many friends have websites. Many of these websites are templates. Many friends are not templates. I will make friends websites as unique as friends.
A Mystical Pen and Paper RPG Adventure Experience that takes place in the World of ANIMA
Technology + Community = Buddy Rescue
- Saving your pets from dying in fires long before the fire department ever arrives!
Kids Place helps children learn and have fun when using smart devices while taking their parents' worries away.
The „CMD-Geek“ is an IDE (development environment) for the Windows Batch-Script.
This is an effort to make gap analysis process easy and globally uniform. Funds are being raised to get the tool to wider community.
I will build a programmer assistant technology delivered via the web for implementing design patterns in Java.
An open and High Speed Oauth2 server, integrated with billing module.
An online, collaborative ecosystem to explore and annotate documents, images, film and media surrounding historical events like 9/11.
For over 3 and a half years we have been leading in advancements to modern web browsers. We now want to take it to the next level.
Shot Lister is the best professional shot list and film schedule app on iOS. Now let's bring it to Android.
Pocket Binder is an exciting new android mobile application for the Trading Card industry! Built from the ground up for you; the player
This is a plugin for Geo tagging JPGs in WordPress CMS. The plugin is useful for SEO, Photographers, Graphic Designers, & Publishers.
A payment platform that allows users to pay and split their bills on your phone at restaurants, cafes, bars without a wait for a server
Let's digitize Snippets to expand its impact on learning! Help students build a solid math foundation, and, of course their confidence!
Spotify has changed the way we consume music by making it so we purchase easy access rather than songs.  I'll do the same for books.
Promoting innovative action in a community near you.  When you hear Good Dirt, you can't help but spread it around. Our Climate Series is next. 
Bringing fairytale worlds to life with light. 
Immersive storytelling through ebooks connected to LED lighting.
Build quality interactive Wordpress Mobile Apps on iOS and Android at a fraction of a cost in rapid time without any coding experience.
Reverb lowers your network devices CPU load, allowing you to send network monitoring data to multiple servers, while conserving BW.
An iphone, cydia and android app for passing data from smart device to smart device without the use of the internet.
A personalized launch page which learns from your browsing behavior - the links arrange themselves based on frequency of use
Fast Robot Trader is an  opensource algorithmic trading software that allows anyone to trade securities and invest in stocks.
We make even scrum cumbersome, this project create scrum management software for dummies!
Trackpacker is Adventure's Footprint. Track your travels and stay in touch.
Visit our website www.minely.net for more information!
A series of open research experiments to examine haunting phenomena while providing access to the process via an interactive website.
Turn Your Android Device Into a Mobile Desktop Computer! MWDL is a powerful new homescreen launcher for multitaskers and power users.
Croosle is an educational and experimental all in one smart kit, intended for anyone with the desire to learn programming.
An online course to teach developers how to monitor web apps and infrastructure using Prometheus. Level up your DevOps skills today!
Software that allows anyone to create furniture directly in a 3D environment. Target for this software is simplicity.
A 100% Open Source Project Management and Ticketing System. It Provides Ticketing, Timesheet, Project Management, Wiki, and Reporting.
My goal is to make an open source programmable frequency/function generator that is based on low cost hardware / open source software.
A collaborative project dedicated to building bots for reddit.com, distributing the code and creating an ebook to rule them all.
Repper is an app that learns from users, creating hard but doable workouts while discovering better ways to exercise.
Build a consumer tool to analyze the current residential wind and solar power products on the market to a specific consumers environment.
CrowdFormed is all about Social Mobile App Development!  Each week the community will choose and develop a new app idea! And get paid!
The first step to controlling a dream is realizing you are actually asleep
Million Dollar Homepage, eat your HEART out! Sponsor a link for love - Pledge for HarborLove.com!
We think social networking can do more, even help you get the life you want. But we want to know what you think. Help us rethink social with Goals.
The Procrastinator Eliminator will put our kids back on the right track to success after eliminating overusage of cell phones.
We throw out approximately $2300 a year in wasted food & beverage. Help build an app that saves you money and reduces waste.
MaData est une application qui centralise toutes les données vous concernant et met à votre disposition des outils pour les exploiter
Free, open source, cross-platform software for exchanging private information easily and securely, even when other methods fail.
YourPix Sapphire is a simple but powerful application for easily and intuitively playing music and sound effects.
Everyone moans about their ePortfolio. We're doing something about it. Open, free and designed by doctors. Help us get there.
LotOfLikes.com is your search engine for playing the most liked videos that can be found on the web.Search multiple sites in one place!
SOFTWARE THAT HELPS INCREASE YOUR PRODUCTIVITY
A chance to finally break the code and create a working 3DS emulator for Windows and Mac.
Phase 1 of moving client-based, 3D, football software to web-based architecture.
Planet for bikes and bikes for the planet :::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::
Planeta para bicis y Bicis para el planeta
This project will put a tablet in every child's hand.  Students will use tablets to learn to read, write and do math.
PpBox is a virtual receptionist for home and small offices land lines who can communicate with your customers using natural language.
Don't pay for something you can do yourself
eBiostatistics.com (beta version) is the first comprehensive, open access, web-based, biostatistical package in the internet.
Become an animated character, chat with your friends or create amazing animated videos - simple and easy!
Innovative Portal connecting translators and people in need of translations: No more anyone will have to pay high prices to agencies!
Imagine a thesaurus that can cross-reference search terms to give you the most accurate and relevant results--that's SearchLeaf
NOi's are simple, friendly, custom, Emoticon smileys. Users choose from various add-ons to create ORIGINAL personified smileys.
Für das phpFK (Founder: Frank Karau) – PHP Forum ohne MySQL Datenbank soll eine neue Version  (Upg (v9.0) programmiert werden.
Disk on Demand publishing is a new concept designed to help artist, musicians, photographers, game developers, and others get published
The iPad has changed the way we interact with the internet, but what about those of us who create the internet? Devpad is the answer.
It's just like being there!
The Grafi App will enable the user to text, email and post on social media in their own handwriting.
Mission:Escape transports you into a thrilling secret agent car chase through adaptive music and sound effects while driving.
As part of the Google Lunar X Prize we will leave a monument on the Moon that will outlast the last breath of the human upon our world. Join our quest
HistoChat is an open-source, modular chatbot service that connects students with historical figures to make history cool again.
Autocosta, the car industry’s first source for cost-to-own reports based on your unique data
A tablet solution for musicians: use the scores of your choice, work as you are used to, exchange with peers, synchronize orchestras.
The German CRM software Octagon Contact should be translate for international use in the English language.
Lets make things that will make people say "HOW DID YOU DO THAT!" You will never believe how simple it is to create programs!
Simple Open Source Content Management System. Basic principles: FreePositioning and Responsive layout.
In the future, humans with artificially intelligent learning partners will have an advantage in the workplace. Introducing Voilà!
Open Medusa - Easy P2P website creation and management framework for multiple sites, securely connected, from one simple control panel
Flat File Data Reader is an automated tool to fetch the flat file data & populate the same in front of respective fields as per Format.
Turn your Wi-Fi router into a powerful, highly configurable hot spot.
FaceForward is a third generation training software to learn how to accurately recognize facial expressions.
Expand Vocab is a website that will revolutionize the way we teach and learn vocabulary, focusing on successful conversation.
Learn to query a database using MySQL in a practical, strait forward way in order to advance your technical  and professional skills.
A simple and effective way to block unwanted phone solicitors from calling you, your family or your friends.
An all-in-one solution to emerge from the convoluted space of module loaders, bundlers and other types of resource managers.
I am developing a Universal App from the iOS App ScaleViz - the App that shows how music theory relates to your guitar Fretboard
The Empathic Yoruba Keyboard is a free iOS 8+ keyboard for speakers, writers and students of Yoruba worldwide.
An Excel Function that can batch rename, copy, move, or delete files such as your mp3 files, etc.
No more crazy airline baggage fees, carrying your surfgear or being dependant of surfshops? Rent from the locals through Shurfing now!
NodeCloud is a quick and easy way to instantly host Node.js apps and allow for easy monitoring and execution of Node.js applications.
Thorium Core is a commercial distribution of ReactOS, the Open Source Windows compatible operating system, targeted for cloud computing
Project Prompt is an all in one home automation system.  Connect any device, made by any company, and use it all from one central app.
A ground-up tutorial on Wayland and how to make a proper Linux GUI toolkit - not just OpenGL widgets on another toolkit's canvas.
Fish and plants in a self sustaining mini-environment. Technology, open source, sustainability, art, and food all in this one project
1080P HD Camera Software for Raspberry Pi; Hack Proof Pro Cam for Surveillance, Weddings or Event Capture.
This will be a website where teachers can create, find and post lessons aligned to Common Core
We have been cataloging which films have bonus scenes during or after the credits since 2009. We need an app but don't have the funds!
We're building a simple way to post and learn about events in New York City.
Khaleesi hair-do anyone?  Pet dragons on YOUR shoulders?  Want Nightwalker eyes?  Or do you just want Joffery's crown?  Done!
We are building a command line tool for rapid application development and deployment for Swift and Xcode.
Unicode Art Is The New ASCII Art! 

idi.bidi.art is a Unicode Editor & Remixing app for Twitter and (in the future) for the whole web.
GameplaySearch is a search engine for video game gameplay history.  Its query language can help you find any gameplay situation.
PiYAW is a new way to get your sports news- a personalized online magazine! the more you use it the more it learns what you are interested in. 
Play any game on VR
An open source Web content management system that makes it easier than ever to create fantastic online content. Just type, publish!
Teaching our children second and third languages is a must they are to compete in the global economy.
Pantry is an application for your mobile device. It's an inventory of what you currently have in your pantry at home.
All kids sustaining a concussion should not return to play until cleared by a physician & passing  3D "Movement  Based" concussion test
Failure isn't something to fear - it's an important tool to harness on the path to success.
A free, open source, non-Flash Twitter widget that is a better and more flexible alternative to the default simple widgets provided by Twitter itself.
CABOOSE is a faster and simpler means for creating web applications using a general purpose servlet, web-script, or Ozark ViewEngine.
Want to have peace of mind about important details, PassNotes provides this by protecting your important notes.
I am working on Human enhancement technologies (HET) software. I want to bring human ingenuity up.
Privacy focused, volatile short-life messaging combined with traditional text/voice/video/photo texting and secure, real-time dating
This tool is to teaching as typing is to writing
Finally! A solution to the Common Core Standards to help our overworked & underpaid teacher heroes help the future of America succeed!
Sometimes there is no substitute for reading something in full
PIR is scientific software that will be programmed for allergen detection, analysis, distinction and classification.
I have spent the past two years designing the perfect all around photo program great for companies/magazines and general use!
Poyozo helps you keep track of and understand your life by integrating automatic life-tracking with simple visualizations that you can use every day!
Find out if someone is happy, sad, angry, calm, and what they talk about on Twitter.
It's obvious it's a pain in the bum to calculate all these things in pokemon, such as how many IVs one has. Why not simplify it?
SmartXio uses artificial intelligence to turn your content into an amazing website.
iPhone/Android app to instantly stream live audio over the internet, record audio or live broadcast to anyone in the world.
DAA is online application to manage business accounts for the day-to-day activities in a very simple way with minimum work by user.
Make great-looking custom portraits of your own original characters.
A document markup and comment software that provides instant feedback for students, teachers, and anyone who writes.
Music composition software for modern web browsers, using classic techniques.
A comprehensive course on SQL Server 2012 Administration taking you from novices to professionals
ProjectPay makes taking and managing payments for a project a dream for both freelancers and clients.
Papaya will provide beautifully–made, responsive, prebuilt website templates for any use. They will always be 100% free.
A network for Martial Artists to learn about and share the history, philosophy and lineage of their style. Build your own lineage tree.
World's first TV remote control and chat mixer for streaming with iPhone.
This encryption lends its strength from naturally occuring arrangements found in grids of running squares.
This system of psychic cycles was handed down by Dr. Harvey Spencer Lewis of the renowned secret society "Rosicrucian Order AMORC".
Smart Bus is a web-based software that routes buses dynamically in response to demand.
Save young drivers lives with a full functional Virtual Reality Car Simulation by replicating difficult driving situations.
We're creating a online social networking community specifically for underserved people with physical and developmental disabilities.
Helping people understand each other, helping parents understand their kids, and why we meet different people throughout our lives.
This course teaches iOS development through hands on projects, video demonstration, clear explanation, in a simple format.
Pinyinput is an input method that lets you quickly and conveniently type pinyin with tone marks - coming soon for OS X
We want to bring the world of programming to you. With our easy to understand programming language.
App that helps you easily start a dialogue with people you see here and now via local Wi-Fi net. WiFriend simplifies people connection!
Work or study without distractions,  beat addictions to facebook, youtube or games AND
stop the computer from eating your time.
A paperback, eBook, and audiobook providing proven tools and strategies for adding data science analytics to legacy enterprises.
A vCard 4.0 creator and a standards-compliant vCard parser. A stepping stone to an integrated suite of Linux tools.
Planit is a planner app for the iPhone that is super minimal, elegant and easy to use.  Achieve your goals by planning your life!
A Windows 8 App that allows users to add graphics to images taken with the camera and then share them. Your ideas can be part of it.
Upgrade software (a music composition tool using just intonation ) to version 5, and improve website to encourage collaborative working
School of Tennis, where parents, kids, and coaches can learn to effectively teach themselves to become better teachers and players.
The most efficient information exchange between development organizations and their supporters.  #Tech4Dev
10,000 academics use it for spectral data analysis. Free of charge. All work was done in spare time. Now, funding a big step forward!
Understand how the world sees you, and grow through feedback. Finally, get a second chance to make a first impression. iOS & Android
Ever wonder what your shooting % is or where you take and make the most of your shots in pickup basketball?
Empower Dreams! We're entering our 2015 student film and going to the Cinequest Film Festival, Silicon Valley, CA.
3Data is the first database system based on 3D data technology.
3D data allows developers to create the applications of the future.
An open source JavaScript library for creating apps with elegant, clean code. Releases, tooling, training, NextGen tech and more.
We've got your J.A.R.V.I.S. right here.
Complex Interactive program for university's, hospitals, labs and scientist to collaborate on world issues in real time.
CAN YOU HELP? Help us give #charities & #notforprofits an 'Enterprise Level' Website and CMS (Content Management System) for #free
A free-for-everyone reference of data designed to reduce part of the 60%* of water usage in California..
Wouldn't it be great if you could copy something from one PC, and you (or a friend) could paste it on another? Welcome to Social Paste!
3D graphic security plateform software, to have controle of all devices in your home. Light, heat,alarm,ac,TV and garage door etc.
The idea is to create an open source replacement system to urn websites like: xfce-look.org, kde-look.org, gnome-look.org, box-look.org
Brazenbot provides a do-it-yourself platform using open source software for hobbyists and students learning Robotic Operating System
Stylizer is a virtual music arranger that can be used in studio and on live stage."Turn your midi keyboard into an arranger keyboard"
Cross-platform mobile app for biblical science & history! Loaded with videos and audio for on-the-go learning, study, and presentation.
WordPress is easy to use but can the user experience still be improved?
Using design patterns lead to more robust, maintainable software.  This eBook and code will delve into the more commonly patterns.
I collect trash off the reef using scuba equipment and a small boat in effort to protect marine life & to reduce the effects of heavy use from others.
The goal of the Harambe Reading Program is to improve the literacy skills of the Berundian refugee children that are a part of the Harambe community. 
I am trying to upgrade the software programs, web access, and weather station hardware that I use for my local weather reporting.
An application for landlords that allows for simple property management, while at the same time provides the best tenant screening.
Everyone ought to speak. The goal of Aut2Speak is to make that more of a reality for those with non-verbal autism.
The revolutionary application that combines file finding, storing, sending and sharing.
Web-based software and apps make it easy for guests to RSVP, and you to see who's coming, who they're bringing and what they need.
SmartPush lets you send real-time push notifications
via your website to all devices!
Group or Individual user application that provides a competitive environment for targeted indoor training rides.
An internet-based writer's resource that matches a story to publications with the same fiction fingerprint.
Stream Kitchen is an open-source service that everyone can use to combine and share live video streams.
An eBook with lots of source code that shows how to easily create powerful applications with only JavaScript on the client and server.
FractionPro is a OPEN SOURCE software iPhone App that takes a picture of a math problem and computes the answer! The kids will love it.
An educational tax software program that not only guides you along to do your taxes but also educates you.
The idea is to create a random world, bit by bit. Forests, cities, rivers, lakes, mountains, islands, deserts, tundra, you name it.
Vesthelm Engine is a unique in its capabilities site engine.
Bulletin Board is a powerful Vesthelm Engine application.
Making a web-based, PHP front-end / MySQL database back-end Inventory Management piece of software for small businesses.
Du bist Comic-Sammler? Super! Wir entwickeln die passende App für dich! Alle Infos über deine Sammlung mit vielen Extras erwarten dich.
Beer Universe is looking to raise money to fund its Android App. We've had a very successful iPhone app, but we want to bring the fun to the Android!
A Swahili voice for the Flite and Festival Text-to-Speech systems.
Distroshare is a website for sharing customized Linux distributions.
PLAY has developed a program which converts sheet music to an easier to read format allowing anyone to start playing piano in minutes.
September 22-26 in Portland, Oregon: A five-day immersion into fluent Agile practices
BugKick - Free, open, and simple bug tracking.
Comicisto is a comic book translator and transcript generator. It also makes your digital comics searchable.
We would like to offer one solution to get more accurate translation, it seems, a whole new direction...
An extremely light and extensible object-oriented MVC Framework for PHP Applications with MySQL & Twitter Bootstrap
Help students learn skills, not do busy work. Course design guide, open source authoring software, and a helpful community.
Capture, share and view each moment in real-time!
As a mom and developer I want to simplify contact with teachers so notes don't go missing,and provide additional classroom safety.
Adifine Fit is an iOS app for self or personal trainers; to create workouts and track fitness.
Custom Fit Trainer is an online personal training website with workout programs totally customized for YOU. Launching January 2015.
Android apps source code – library for settings & info pages, swipe navigation, DPAD navigation.
Where debating becomes fun again.
Greenlighted: Buy the change you wish to see in the world.
Windows/Mac Software for managing a STEM organization with multiple team/project/inventory/sponsor capabilities.
We are building a flexible and extensible cross-platform native bridge for Delphi's Firemonkey and a collection of OS native controls.
We make it possible to safely edit, share and store privacy-sensitive documents in the cloud with 'cloud based office and storage'.
This app introduces a revolutionary interactive service where music fans can chat one-on-one with the members of their favorite bands!
DesignBlocks is an open-source, web-based visual programming language that makes it easy to create generative and interactive artworks.
Change world of payments, choose freedom, sell, buy and pay everywhere using the same method. no delivery=money return + ensure income
This project is about creating exponentially better and simpler programming environments and that means a better internet for everyone.
BOOP - encourage independence, develop tailored help strategies and promote communication - visualize concepts in 3D augmented reality.
This mobile app allows sports fans to have full control over what games are shown in participating venues on the TV they choose.
Jendoux, a web-app designed for sitting computers, helps you read webpages faster, more focused by creating customisable text players.
We love short 5-10 second clips, scenes, and snippets from our favorite movies and songs. Want to send them? Are you "Ready To Push?"
ArtCR is a new app for the IPAD dedicated to fully perform the task of condition reporting art objects through an easy to use program.
SpaceUp San Diego was awesome, so let's do it again! Back this project to get us started and get a patch, t-shirt, or pre-registration.
Rejjee protects your bike from loss/theft & online resale. With your help we can link our crowd-source Lost & Found with local police.
Audio Animation will produce animated, 3-dimensional pictures you see with your ears -- if the music industry realizes it can be done.
A new platform that redefines the online classifieds ads experience in Paraguay - everything from a new job to finding your dream home.
W-Fi HotSpot Creator for Windows 8, mobile devices with tons of more features and awesomeness.
Enable the Blind people to use modern smart phones (or other touch systems) using hear/speak functions on these devices.
World's first '3D Virtual Mirror' for plastic surgery. Women can now see what they will look like with cosmetic breast surgery.
Creating a software/app that will save users in the landscape and property management industries time which will save them money.
A positive feedback mechanism for wasting company time on the Internet.
Troubleshoot virtually any WebGL application on-the-fly!
Do you use Microsoft Excel in your work and repeat simple tasks you wish could be automatic? Explain it and I will automate it for you.
Drive the car of your dreams, when you want, where you want...
Good research starts with good management.  LaBaHoLiC will provide all the tools needed to maintain a well-lubricated research lab.
Adifine Fit the App for Individuals how know Fit
They just want to TrackIt, MapIt, & ShareIt
I am an independent iPhone developer that believes in free software. Recently I released an iPhone app that assists users of Goozex...
Coworks is a set of Open Source tools for coworking spaces.
Bootstrap Responsive Themes - Creating a global marketplace to buy and sell responsive website themes.
You think you had it all with Moneyball? This software will open the eyes of every sports club searching for perfection!
An open source, exciting new Sports App that crowdsources comments from the people that matter the most, the fans.
A new product that will revolutionize the way our world sees digital media. This will be available on the iPad as well.
beatjock has been designed by music lovers to solve the problems of helping music lovers find new music, & helping bands find new fans
The seed is greater than the tree
oSPITE is an open-source web-based campaign manager for table top RPGs like Dungeons and Dragons
We are building a cooking and food social network site where people can learn how to cook and teach others how to cook online.
Learn It Town is developing an online live learning facility immersive education coop teacher simulation.
Convert GLBasic 3D functions into my SDL2 based Triority program processing system.
Bogged down by RAW frames? Quickly convert them into a smaller RAW VIDEO for real-time playback and edit - with automatic audio merge!
An easier way to make lightshows!
bitwarden is an easy-to-use, open source password manager that syncs to all of your devices, helping keep you safe online.
The power to shape reality is here! Step into virtual worlds with a fully immersive simulation system. This is a precursor to the famous Holodeck ... 
Sweet on Geeks is a free social network for geeks, nerds and those that love them. We'll spread geek love and acceptance one friend request at a time.
Electrical / Controls Technician, Engineers who wants to learn PLC Codes, without having the expensive PLC Software.
Managing a home network should be easy and done from your smartphone. #PauseTheInternet
When funded! YeeFox browser help controlled online privacy with website that engage in tagging and tracking users (spying for free). 
Mobivy makes it ridiculously easy to help your business go mobile in no time, attracting new customers and maximizing revenue.
We are working on developing a database for student athletes so that they might receive scholarships and funding from colleges/pro team
Go ahead and go to the beach.....Hire someone to do your chores or tasks for you...... " Rapid Tasker.com, Making your life easier!"
Big data. Small data. Fast data. Slow data. Converting any kind of data into money has it's benchmark. A engine anyone can license.
G2Pnyc is out to map and review every bathroom in NYC. We catalog the information through funny stories and pictures from our users.
www.FindingHowardStern.com - We are going to make an iPhone Application Version of the book - Finding Howard Stern
KuikStat makes statistic calculations easy for you. It's your handy calculator companion for math class, work, and personal business.
HerpTrax is an intuitive reptile husbandry tracking software program. Developing a barcode labeling and scanning module.
GTTT is an opensource GEO dev framework, can help developers quickly build a location based system, support 14 language and 32 big city
Open Source Home control system that allows you to control your home via iPhones, Touchscreens, Internet, etc. 
Say goodbye to pinching or stretching your screen. Sofos browser reformats web sites on the fly making them more mobile friendly.
Minima is a very small typeface for any common use and many new ones. It's a pixel font but modern, and it's also a new way of writing.
IDE for developement and simulation for arduino board,
one software to do it all,design code and simulate
Interactive coding application filled with thousands of problems for students who want to learn how to master programming.
Transvocal allows you to know a language without learning it.
Provide a summer camp to help college students get hands-on experience for software development using cutting edge web technologies.
Cgda is to be a fully-featured game development framework.  Similar to XNA, built on modern OpenGL in C++11, and open source.
Help bring the beloved Quest Atlantis to a new generation of students!
Select & play any ayah of the interactive Quran whilst each word is visually highlighted to help you follow the Qari in recitation.
Tribal Browser is a wrapper around your browser which allows the user to create their own url mappings, bypassing ICANN.
Make the icons at http://gesturecons.com free for unlimited unlicensed use for both commercial and non-commercial projects!
TAKE25 is the future system to get talents of the film industry employed in a fast, productive and funny way!
This mobile phone application shows the nearest pub crawl challenge in the town near you. Where you complete a pint in each pub.
Schreiben is an outline-to-production, open-source writing development environment for screenwriters, playwrights, and novelists.
3D INK: Design tattoos in 3D by utilizing 3D scanning and CGI engine software to plan & preview tattoos before being inked.
Social Networking is not social, it's barely networking! Flit focuses on content not followers and conversation not updates. 
FileVoyager, the free file manager, wanna reach the CLOUDS
The ability to enter/track troops from online games via computer, ipad, tablet and any device that can access the internet via browser
Use enterprise proven architecture, develop affordable GPS tracking service affordable especially for people with Alzheimers & Autism.
One component long missing from the Flex Framework is an AutoComplete.  This project will fill that hole.
Leave your comment on any site on the web.
Velcard simplifies the process of swapping books, matching users by their 'HAVE' and 'NEED' book lists.
How many people would like to create their own Video Game? Well now you can, WITHOUT LEARNING HOW TO CODE! We code, you implement!
Skoop is micro social network focused entirely around one single entity; a college, a university or an event. No ads, just Skoop!
Goodbye complicated 2d game development. We have made programming of Cocos2d-x and Cocos2d-html5 more development friendly.
An internet-blocker for all operating systems
A card deck to facilitate better Agile meetings for teams, Agile Coaches, Software Developers and Scrum Masters.
A cross-platform framework that allows you to build fast and fluid native mobile applications in the language of your choice.
Moviemaking software and mobile app that allows audiences to make decisions for characters on screen and change the outcome of the film
Use the power of your mobile to find your clones who are somewhere in the world!
I am creating high quality C++ curriculum for class use so students don't have to purchase textbooks, which can be a burden to some.
An open source content storage, multi-publishing and integration platform for publishers. Complete online-first publishing solution.
BrainSwarming software increases the diversity, uniqueness and quantity of ideas generated by your group in a shorter amount of time.
A multi level automatic central backup system with built in encryption.
S.W.O.T. verarbeitet alle Informationen deiner Vorlesung und stellt sie dir organisiert auf einer Platform zur Verfügung.
Steele Education Technologies has created a new online learning platform that dramatically improves writing and thinking skills.
Connect to your Wifi Remote Control Relay Switch from Java
An invention which allows laptop and electronics users to enjoy innovative dual screen products dramatically improving the experience.
Create the world's first crowdsourced customer voice platform. 
Software which creates emotional connections and brings comfort on demand to those affected by Alzheimer's Disease or other dementias.
Two guys with a dream to create apps, and games including a first person zombie puzzle maze with elements of rpg survival tactics.
I my goal is to develop an app to help preschool children learn compound words and decipher what two words each word consists of.
Changing the way the world does business, all apps at a time.
Manage your entire business in one easy to use interface. POS, eCommerce, Credit Card Payments, Shipping Packages, and more.
What if we could quantify worldviews, determine their impact on others and make truly responsive public policy choices? We can!
SolidShare will integrate a professional 3D Design application (CAD) with a community network in one Free software.
Fresh approach to online levels games. Start a project and create a base team to develop future games and create NZ value.
Vinehub is a social media application designed to save you time. It connects your social media accounts and streamlines the information from each.
OnTrack will keep you updated with the latest files and course notifications on your desktop all fast, easy and automatic.
Instantly build 3D Animations that make learning and understanding Biology fun and interesting for education and business
zDevice is an open software, open hardware platform for easy control, automation, and monitoring of "things" in your life.
Virtual Reality based picture viewer for Oculus Rift
The world's most intelligent, interactive & realistic virtual language tutor for French, German, Italian, Spanish, Japanese & Chinese
Opensource Gutenberg Project E-Book reader.
Currently developing an app for Android supported devices that will allow parents to track everything they need for newborns
Imagine an app that can use the gloom of coursework to bring students together!
Prophet is a web-based project devoted to inspiring creativity and originality.
HangBee creates an organic bridge between users with its revolutionary Living User Interface.
The future is already here – it's just not evenly distributed
Fun and exciting programming courses for children aged from 8 years up. Applications, Databases and Websites.
BandNest will allow you to subscribe to your favorite bands. Then, you are notified when those bands release new music or tour locally.
A free multimedia finance academy for kids, including digital chores, allowance and spending in a kid-safe Amazon store.
A technology that matches employees to employers based on culture...we bring the online dating business model to the job search.
Samantha AI is an AI chatbot that integrates with the tools you already use and aims to be the most useful personal assistant to date
The one-stop shop for learning music fundamentals across a variety of instruments.
Learn unreal blueprint programming by creating physics based weapons pickup system. This course will cover more topics as it evolves.
eNNOTATE enables collaborative learning with an intuitive user interface allowing users to read, annotate and learn more efficiently.
Twist your tweet with a new technology
Project management software that takes into account depth and width.
Instantly share your media with all your devices! StreamStash transforms your home computer into your own home cloud.
To inspire anyone & everyone to develop marketable technical skills needed for the 21st century free of cost and on demand for fee.
Matriu AS is Lightweight & Open Source IT automation software based on the node.js platform.
Offering a simple, comprehensive and extensive drill library with supporting videos to help create effective, successful practice plans
Build + Share Virtual Reality Apps within minutes and get your Google Cardboard V2 inspired VR kit as a reward.
Whamminator is a software MIDI controller designed for your Digitech Whammy. Sequence MIDI CC as well as program changes and more!
All your Internet traffic will be encrypted and protected from any tracking. Full access to all websites. Full Anonymity.
We're building an online notebook to help you share your Do-It-Yourself or Maker projects, without interrupting your creative flow.
Platform based solution designed to decrease the costs of special needs therapy & expand the reach of service providers. Go Paperless!
bubbsie, currently available for iOS, invites you to add speech & thought bubbles to your photos, innovating photo & meme sharing.
Development & release of a final Grails Resources Plugin version 1.2  plus fixes in related plugins & more tests!
Symfonus is a digital platform that enables small and non-profit performance venues to sell tickets, manage their website, and build a social network.
Commercial and residential construction projects funding website platform. No applications.
Sort-a-Cord is a smartphone app that identifies and keeps track of electronic devices, their cords and all their accessories.
Sierra was designed for programmers to write code based on how they think. It's open source, compiles into C, and fast to write.
I am putting together a user/novice-friendly linux distro that has been customized for high school and college debaters.
Share, sync or archive your files both large and small with the power of gitdrop - a solution implementing git with advanced features!
Overlays turns spatial data into stunning, intuitive maps in a snap. Join us in bringing new customers to this $10 Billion industry!
don't show your boss your bachelor party, lock the pic and only show him the new photo of the business project!
Track and remember your location from your browser.  See your current/saved locations on a map, get directions, and share with friends.
Support the development of a Synthesizer, my degree work and get a app to windows, mac, iphone and ipad, to create music and sound.
FosterJobs es una comunidad donde vinculamos alumnos con empresas a través de proyectos académicos y personales.
Keep your man alive in this exciting puzzle/platform title for the iPhone!
"Let me tell you a story"... join the true story about Angie's dream to make classrooms geographically limitless with Score School!
Learn tips and tricks about the CGI production process. From mental planning, to finished piece.
The Breast Cancer Previsualization App. A powerful tool for those going through reconstruction for breast cancer.
With MusicPoll costumers in coffee shops, restaurants, dance halls, radio stations and many more can decide which songs will be played.
Community-centric, crowd-sourcing, real-time, over-the-horizon radar detector. HazMap is open source, open hardware and open data.
PurposeMatch helps you discover a sense of purpose and matches you with opportunities to make it happen.
A WordPress plugin that follows a simple strategy, to wipe out forum spam in Wordpress within the next 12 - 18 months.
With Xhunt, you will be able to create as the most popular websites. Based on directories, product listings, services, or people.
Neon is an open source multilevel and multiuser website control panel which is based on nginx, mysql and php.
Speech and Language Therapy treatment joins the land of apps. Parents can access games to expand vocabulary via their child's tablet.
Learn SQL with Confidence is the easiest way for anyone to master SQL. Start with the basics and learn using real-life examples.
Making secure, encrypted, online storage easy for all users
Drag your live-apps from one device to another and continue your work with no interruption.
An application to help you create and manage public or private events.
ConnectionOpen is a patented audio and video application that has almost zero latency…great for broadcasters, musicians & VO artists!
Create stunning mobile apps simply by placing text, images and movies in a folder. Professional results to rival major apps.
OpenPoke — the web's first open, distributed and secure poking platform
We need your help to revolutionize the development of automatically accessible web technologies all around the world!
Snap, Sign and Share. It is a free app that make it easy for you to draw sketches on a picture or canvas and share it with others.
AHAS Connect will put you back in control of your healthcare management. It's time healthcare worked for you the way you want it to!
Improving the accessibility of cryptocurrencies and personal finance through open source.
Coding school applicant who wants to build and deliver the software solution to make the world a better place to live in.
An intuitive and powerful application that will change the way networks are built and planned.
foneFrame makes mobile web pages. Use Dropbox to host your mobile pages for free. Made with HTML5+CSS3, hosted in the cloud, CC BY 3.0.
PixelPrint Studio allows you to build anything you can imagine then share your creation or have it 3D printed & shipped straight to you
hiVolume is a social music app that will not only service the audience and performers but also the DJ or KJ, and ultimately, any venue.
A new way to build a story.
Une nouvelle façon d’inventer une histoire.
Core is a music management system that brings together youre favourite music streaming services  and youre local music collection.
DogSpied is a social software application that will help reunite lost or stolen dogs with rightful owners.
I need research material to code a processing.org exhibition of coding skills for my community. I want to showcase processing.org
If your like me, your business is your life. Don't led fraudsters, hacks, or angry x-employees ruin your reputation.
Navigate to your next destination without checking your phone at every corner, just the vibrations from your watch.
A simple, versatile social media App that hides your data (images, video, voice and text) when sent and stored using no encryption.
CAABS enables child protection agencies to construct intelligent assessments allowing evidence based decisions to be reached quicker.
Easy and stylish multiplatform (web, iOS, Android) liquid calculator for vapers with formula-shared function.
We provide free training, internships and entry-level opportunities for young professionals interested in the technology industry.
CrococryptFile is a file encryption tool which creates encrypted archives of arbitrary files and folders
DTSI App: The World's First & Free App to Provide Your Digital Transformation Success Index and Provide the Top 10 in Your Industry
Orca WorkSync (WorkSync) improves productivity & communication for building professionals using the power of cloud technology
Youth sports organizations - efficient and coach-friendly use of training facilities.
Share Photos and Videos securely with complete control on who’s viewing them. Un-share whenever you change your mind.
An on-demand transportation app to rival uber and Lyft, offers pre-bookings, tip via app, corporate booking tool & wheelchair vehicles
ContentBear is an exciting new publishing platform for the creatively inclined. Blog better. Blog bolder. Blog beautiful.
A mobile application to perfectly compliment gym sessions. Personalised for an individual look and feel, helping you reach your goals.
Ever tried to put yourself on wikipedia? Nextpublic would give people to do that opportunity!
TTPGolf - Your Online Country Club - Enables you the golfer to grow this game. Let's Grow this Game Together! Get paired today.
Our vision is to allow every student the opportunity to learn computer science and write their own code.
OurPangea is a tool to help local communities define themselves and become an active member of the global community.
RapidDisk (rxdsk) is an open source RAM Disk Linux kernel module with advanced features that do not exist within the kernel today.
A technology that will deter people that steal Software, Movies, Music, Games and Books from the internet
A social media platform where anyone can submit an idea on how to solve a major global issue. The more connected minds, the better!
Price Cloud provides a faster more efficient shopping experience that saves you money.  Create lists, get price comparisons, & coupons.
An cross-platform application that provides cryptographic storage of sensitive data, output as a sequence of printable barcodes.
Creating a Linux distribution to quickly move in html interactive terminals for conferences, parties, schools ...
This program that i am beginning to develop will rid windows of the processes that plight PCs. Help improve computers for the users!!!
p'kee ("private key encrypted email") is an email program designed with your privacy in mind
The provider wich is gonna provide you a pre configured owncloud server. (
comparable with dropbox)  without the expensive setup costs.
Learn techniques, master the skills and gain the know-how needed to fly drones successfully and safely with Flying IQ's online courses.
Veterans, soldiers, and retirees are suffering from PTSD and there is help in sight. Future Life LLC is the game changer.
Problem Solved: An advanced scheduling program to match teachers with students that will reduce failure rates dramatically.
Build Your Business With A Suite of Apps You Actually Need... All Seamlessly Integrated & Within The Same Control Panel.
Uptrader helps business managers achieve performance increases by helping them make smarter choices on the job.
Sero! is a next-generation learning assessment platform using Concept Maps for deeper assessment of higher-order thinking.
Job Chop-Chop! turbocharges your job hunt making it easier, faster, more efficient, and more productive than ever before!
A new Technology Company that will allow the world to save Billions of Trees and transform the Postal Service once and for all.
Creating an Encryption System using your natural sense of rhythm to make your data even safer.
The first project proposal system for Drupal. Rapidly compile itemized proposals for your projects. Open Source and GPL.
Our goal is to get android OS to run on iphone 5,5c,5s, SE models, at minimal android 4.0, stable running.
Savings Controller is a software developed in PHP that will help you to control your savings. You can easily show off your money flows.
The objective of HYDRA  is to create an application designed to better meet the many needs of educational institutions.
A Swift based, X-platform 2D game dev engine, intended for both corporate developers, indies and newcomers.
JERVIS is a virtual assistant on your mobile device that was created not only to help with certain tasks but also be a friend to you.
Simulating the physics of Cars
The ERP System for the rest of us
Un logiciel pour tous 100% en ligne 100% gratuit !
L'objectif est de créer un logiciel open source simple flexible et accessible.
Never open a new tab to search again. Just right-click anywhere, begin typing your search query, and hit Enter. Done.
By using a modified Euler Identity as the basis of a set, a new method of encryption will be developed to allow for security in storage
Password managers have common downsides. See how Key Sticker can resolve them while making password management fun and easy.
Introducing a revolutionary App that will help the music industry as a whole one song at a time.
Tutor Remotely, Brainstorm, & Annotate using your tablet with up to 72 people in realtime with our whiteboard software!
Training software including a database for recording employees scores.  Fully searchable and includes a test on each subject.
A one of a kind dating app that saves time for busy professionals by providing more accurate matchmaking and high-caliber dates.
A group of strangers will board a bus. At 60 miles an hour and over 48 hours, they will conceive, build and launch up to 7 startups.
Xprtly! is a "go anywhere, do business" solution that improves the consulting experience with predictive and prescriptive analytics!
Help us to create a super simple and enjoyable experience,
accessible for everyone, web builder with No-Coding and Fully-Responsive!
I propose to build a computer simulator of living cells, to prove the importance of quantum effects on biological entities
Esbattle est un site de recherche de joueur pour le jeu vidéo Destiny. Ce kickstarter est lancé pour créer des applications mobiles !
See a visual preview of your package delivery status. Track Package from anywhere to anywhere using your FedEx, UPS, USPS tracking
Standalone utility to make direct and reverse port forwarding tunnel between Linux/MacOS/Windows computers.
Upload pictures from your phone, desktop or social network, create memorable photo mosaic effects
Create plugins for Intellij and Eclipse with syntax highlighting which helps to create Layout Specifications
What's better than free apps? Discover free apps with awesome in-app events brought to you by your favorite developers!
Simple, quick and easy exam/test builder for education/homework/study material
WFCR is a website where cancer researches can post their projects and we can help them raising the funds for their research.
Date stamping files now made easier !
Link a chance is the system which immediately reveals your soft skills and tells what you may become.
k-Bucks is a technology platform for parents and sponsors to incentivize and reward K-12 children to learn and develop #education #STEM
An Indie Studio for all aspects. Music Production, Game Development,Script/Lore Writing,Voice Acting,Artist 2D/3D. For PC,Mobile etc..
A internet software that will assist people with new ideas by providing them with proper easy steps to make them into reality.
This immersive 3D learning tool engages students in solving climate and sustainability issues, while having fun learning.
We all agree that smartphone data plans are expensive. Sharing WiFi helps save on cellular data. We created a better way to share WiFi!
A free OS for free people.
eNotebook has redefined the digital notebook to allow everyone to write on DOC, PPT, and PDF files and keep their notes organized
View your inspirational and art images like you never did before. An image browser for the artist and other creative professionals.
This Take home math teacher will be the best math resource ever created and extremely affordable. I am hoping to reach 100,000 homes.
Find and pay for a pedicab in a major city near you from your smart phone!
A new online education platform. Connect with educators and students like never before!
We map out where craft beer is sold. Our app shows our users where to find Micro and Regional brews by name and beer category.
Bullying manager? Toxic culture? SimpleCompliance protects you from workplace violence, harassment and danger. Know your rights!
To contribute to the health of the students mind by providing tools to expand the frontiers of their imagination.
Complete entertaining Mgmt system. Manage events,inventory,invitations,food&drinks. Pvt Party Wall w/live slideshow, messaging & More
All-inclusive software that allows real estate investors to complete competitive offers while saving them from over-priced gimmicks.
An artificial intelligence capable of learning from a wide variety of sources, ability to answer deep questions about any topic.
Great service, no logs are kept, all anonymous.
Gain steps on Fitbit. Earn access to your favorite websites. Want Netflix? Go for a walk.
Empower schools, colleges, churches, and businesses with the world's first affordable, autonomous live video streaming system
PharmaTrac is Cloud based Drug Supply Chain (DSCSA) Compliance software. Our software helps small and medium  healthcare firms comply.
Portal where people can share their problems anonymously and get help from community
I want to create a software for mobile devices that will allow you to track how much time you spend with different apps each day.
Free/donationware patent pending practice writing software. Writes sets for you and automatically adjusts for different groups!
Network connecting consumers to skilled workers for side jobs. Powerful Technologies Developed to automate business administration.
Little Star Rewards is a company that helps you appreciate and reward good behavior.
Queue your favorite songs in the Office Jukebox and enjoy the music together.
Cryptographic Proof Of Production is a method of inferred identification using BIP32 compliant public master keys.
Physicians need a more effective and efficient way to communicate among each other to coordinate the care of their mutual patients.
Sports Open Data will work in this way: by providing a JSON REST API, Sports Open Data allow you to manage data for every match stored
I'm developing an application that will help aid in preventing college students from being assaulted
MobiMenus allows customers and restaurants to gather and have all necessary information in one easy accessible location.
Team Fast Pad is a performance enhancing device concentrating on providing athletes improved fitness, agility, speed and balance.
The goal: Add an encryption indicator on Android phones.  This would help users identify tampering with their phone connection.
You can provide free access to a Math ACT/SAT study product to the school(s)of your choice.
Add your intelligence to all your devices using Enlife360
Imagine if you could write code and it immediately is compiled when it is correct. Imagine if you could edit running code with a GUI...
People need answers, and we want to build Dharlaa: a Q&A site that will have experts to answer YOUR questions.
The Ninja lets you do things like automate your home, play music and set the mood in your room all via voice control and your PC.
Goal!Spanish is an online learning method of Spanish based on football. Grammar, conversation, vocabulary, with an easy and  fun way
The Social MLS - Socially posted home listings by the real estate agents who list them.
The report management portal is a tool used to help build custom reports and allow users to quickly build, filter, sort, order, extract
QRAM lets you track and manage any type of asset from your smart phone or tablet. Use it for IT, industry or personal assets..
A multi-lingual learning program. Art, Coding, Computers, Math, Science, & More with customization of characters and layouts.
Allows Musicians and Djs to easily manage and distribute gig data through their phones - Gigs, Songs, Sets, Communication and economy
Cryptagen is software designed for the Android and PC to protect your valuable information. It works with text or files.
GigEngine is providing a social network to bring talent, venues, and fans together. Listen to music, review, get booked by venues.
Jogging on the Spot is an application that is designed for the person who is active but does not always have the time to visit the gym.
My Whole Legacy is a service that develops a "life interview" (autobiography) of a family member or friend to be stored and shared.
Social Media Marketing Technology that changes the game
Bringing vets together in one place
Web based scheduler, allowing users to sign into a single portal and schedule all of their appointments online 24/7. Single Password :)
An eBook to teach how-to build a dynamic, data-driven web site using PHP programming and MySQL databases.
One website to replace all the greedy websites online. Goods, services, jobs, romance, buy, sell...Let's build our OWN.
We are making a website that allows people to make their app online with drag & drop! We are building it for churches, and businesses!
Bringing ISACA® COBIT® 5 "to life" with an easy to use intranet workflow, whilst giving companies autonomy to complete tasks their way.
Software that will protect all digital data from hackers by creating new encryption keys at blinding speed and frequency.
I will create the best and accurate  numerology software , for readings in different languages, so anybody can improve his live!
We aim to form simple-click virtual machine apps that can perform difficult tasks in the cloud.
To calculate extremely rare Plato's  periodic perfect numbers in order to solve the most famous Plato's Enigma.
BE ONE OF THE FIRST TO CREATE CLICKABLE VIDEO SHOPS! JUST CLICK N SHOP!
Comprehensive National Voting app on topics from A-Z, such as local and national politics, products, religion, environment, and sports,
We deliver high quality Synology services for you business and home user through our rock solid own build platform.
Working to create wealth by simple and fair ideas.
1. We are our brothers keeper.
2. Treat others the way you want to be treated.
Health record keeping software - effective & affordable for small - medium practices, group homes, Hm Hlth or charitable healthcare org
Jeffrey L Peters Or Jeffrey Peters Inc. The most advanced technology in the Exotic Car Transport.
Great way to outsource accounting and have a document management with a self hosted software.
Access Denied the ultimate in data security. Blocks all virus and Trojans giving you TOTAL SECURITY of your personal data
Aplicación de control parental orientado a dispositivos móviles, totalmente preparada para hacer frente a las nuevas amenazas de la red
Finding players to team up with has never been easier!
An application that learns from you, understands your behavior, and suggests awesome apps only for you.
Protect your valuable information from leak, hacking, theft, forward to third parties and more
A linux daemon for Intel and similar processors to maximize math throughput using heterogeneous load distribution without libraries.
Software specification made funny with functional programming: Haskell as a kind of formal method! Some concrete examples.
An online technology university, completely free to anyone with a passion to learn new technologies.
Programming an all in one easy to use cleaner/updater and anti-malware program. 100% free to use.. 
   http://speedycleaner.jimdo.com/
Manages volume of media content  to avoid unwanted volume burst's from music/adverts etc. Can be used on PC/Phone/TV/DVD. Stay quiet.
Powerful, Secure, Cutting edge technology! Comes with almost everything you need to run your small business, school, or enterprise.
We will educate Office 365 users on maximizing the return on their investment, eliminating needless spending on meeting software.
HelpingHands is forum based application that brings together people who need a helping hand with variaty of small or bigger chores.
The best thing for a human is another human being. We all desire to hold and be held, Cuddle Buddies gives us a way to make it happen.
We provide exam preparation for the PMI-ACP® certification. Our exam prep catalog and exam simulation is the largest in the market.
The first real environment for assembling software applications. Your workbench where to build apps.
Deliver a real time, on demand virtual visit and conversation with every visitor at your website.  Be there without being there.
LED Placards will revolutionize logistics and the trucking industry! Help me improve the success of many companies! Digital is the goal
My project in one tweet - that's the problem I can't tweet! #2014Problems
Automatically Summarize  million (or more) users/clients (change) requests of Apps/Products/Tools using Text Summarization approaches
Let's revive our old PowerPC Macs.
Power Funnel Software- Get Connected to the World with a Single Click! It's time to make PFS your personal social media assistant.
mynext24 was originally created to schedule daily events and communicate to others. Finalizing Android, iPad and Tablet versions now.
Restaurant Digital Menu Software - Create Digitally Your Pizza, Meal, Add Toppings, Salads, Drinks (plus mobile app - order thru app)
Permettre au sport d'évoluer en facilitant la prise de données lors des matchs. Une façon simple et rapide d'aider les jeunes.
The most comprehensive social media monitoring resource to help parents see the good and bad content their teens are posting online!
I want to create a program where kids can create and develop their own world and share it with others while sharing their personalities
Private & Public which offers real-time text transmission over the Internet that is secured and monitored for safety for our soldiers.
Registratiebeheer, A powerful tool to invoice clients online. Create. Send. get Paid.
The Neural Prosthetics Software Development Kit is a collection of software design tools used to build neural prosthetic devices
I'm creating software that will allow people to learn how to play several different instruments using HTC's Vive hardware.
This already powerful program for TV recording will add support for the Copy Once material offered by cable companies.
Creating a complex program that allows doctors to easily view patients files that nurses had typed about new/existing patient.
„Fox-Talk“ is a communication software like Skype or Whatsapp, but you can host and controll  the network all by yourself.
To create a stock market news notification RSS feed
Mobile application focused upon prayer requests, giving of praises, and donation requests. Through prayer, all things are possible!
I created this app to easily create backups of the iTunes library file. That way the library is not lost if something happens to it.
uPixy -  Install your operation system and software choices from an easy to use menu. Surf securely while traveling abroad.
NextGen is a software that allows users to run both Android and iOS on any device.Imagine go Android on an Apple unit and the other way
A self-optimizing automated algorithm which constantly monitors market conditions to maximize investment returns.
OIKOS Software's Treasury Suite of cloud-based products automate the cash-conversion cycle. Businesses rid unreliable data.
MachinesBook.comTM aims to be The Universal Trading Hub for all types of machinery and mechanical equipment.
An advertising and marketing platform to help companies in different industries to grow with the power of their Wi-Fi
Putting Biodiversity Hotspot Maps Into the Hands of Students, Educators and Conservation Groups.
It is an online network security website, that would show you how protected your connection actually was.
interactive system for baby website to allow stay at home parents to gain community info and events. Can be commercialized.
The Inspire Drive is a personal operating system on the go. Plug it into any computer, boot the drive, make the computer yours.
Everything you wished Outlook would do:  Document assembly, project management, & billing integrating Word, Excel, and Outlook.
over 16 years of Cyber security and 1 common denominator is your hardware and OS set to National Standards for maximum protection!!
We're creating an app that facilitates learning. Users will vote on the app's upcoming features.
An Internet based application with mobile front-end which will store all your grocery store receipts in digital format.
Raise funds for your cause quickly. Collect donated golf, post to GolfLanthropy. Funds go directly to your bank. No need to play golf.
If a person/Child get lost, this is the tool to find THEM much faster.
Your guide to better search and get help faster with you search
Kore Projects 
What's keeping you from the benefits of Project Management Software?
We deliver unique services for identifying, tracking and predicting civil unrest and violence
@TheReady is a Social Business platform routing and connecting people, based on skillsets, passion and their online presence
It is a platform that allows brands to meet their consumers,target their sampling,drive word of mouth, improve their client insights.  
SLEEP'N'GO is a pay per hour safe sleeping  space for people.
The soon to be best football software worldwide, new ways of selecting and developing players! The Moneyball of Football
Internet programmable computerized exercise machine with automatic weight switch while working out No pin remove or electric resistance
It is a software for human resources management, for Windows and Mac OS X, with a rfid network device to make attendances.
Revolutionize the process flow for mobile in-store logistics management
Unlocking the freelance/speciality labor from across the globe.  A marketplace for business to buy skilled services on any duration!!!
i'm going to create a trading robot ho make profit trading automatic.
I have 11 years off forex trading to put into it.
Capteur de contrôle des voies réservées aux véhicules à occupation multiple / Sensor for control of High Occupancy Vehicle lanes
Grow your subs and followers using a tool that will give you back the time you need to create content by automating the dull stuff.
Education marketplace where learners find subscription-based, small bundled resources.
An Android App aiming for expansion to other mobile platforms, designed to prevent hot car deaths. No more bluetooth or configuration.
Support our goal to to create the next generation orchestration and management platform for cloud and big data applications
A software that immunize your computer from the majority of ransomware
Welcome to the Uber of Babysitting.
Insure Minder is a Electronic Wallet (Patent 622952) A personalize system for facilitating and storing your Insurance products
Nouvelle forme de logiciel de gestion en mode SaaS incluant le suivi d'affaires, le suivi de trésorerie, la saisie des heures et plus
Asset mgmt combined with workflow mgmt and integrated with a national network of 3rd party professionals to automate one's business.
Coming soon in 2015-2016 a new website that will simplify the way freelancing work is performed on the internet.  Uber Freelancer!
Crear cursos anuales gratuitos para niños que les interese aprender a programar y sus padres no puedan perminirselo.
C.A.Playbook is the must have, the most fun, and the easiest way for all coaches to take your game to the next level .
An online tool to better track and organize your healthcare.
SPECIAL NOTE: Get ready for TRADING- 4th OCT VTX300 Sport Investing Software Pro is a legitimate, UK based, white label Software Com.
The best platform where you can get your dream career in your loved industry after learning with us. You learn today and earn tomorrow!
Will remove all background noises so your microphone sounds crystal clear on VOIP, or recordings!
An app that allows college students to get to know their roommate based off old roommates ratings.
Changing how the world looks at research data
"BrainRead as an App" aims to catch the success of the classroom training; double speed and +30% comprehension.
Create 14 exciting games and apps in this iOS9 and Swift 2 course!
Social network for publishing articles, creating blogs, debating important topics, joining author's communities and much more…
'scramble' program modifies plain text to frustrate machine analyzing by commercial entities (Google), and government entities (NSA)
What is a Podbum®? Well, it is a platform whereby an album is recorded, produced and released "distributed" worldwide as a podbum®.
Text and paragraph editing tool, prevents unnecessary repetition - saving you time and money
This is an SMS Android application that allows the sender to specify a notification alert.  Receiver knows the topic, based on audio.
We are trying to build the largest computing network for people to share power.
With our online platform anyone at any age can learn to code.
Did you see all these amazing Deep Dream images? Heard about a computer hallucinating? We want to make that possible for everyone!
Design an app to Send an Image / Picture of a Missing Child / Teenager to each and every cell phone in a specific City/Town/State
Most school districts find it difficult to buy new textbooks and such each year. This website allows districts to trade their own books
CRM system designed for web specialists. Store client information, support customers, do projectmanagent and invoicing.
Multi-Edit has been a successful product for over 30 years, with a very diverse global audience and is now asking for your help!
Gives professors superior tools to post lectures and class materials online and students unique ways to access to that material.
Time tracking is annoying.  WaYWo is a new type of timesheet that makes it fun. I need help enabling it for all systems on Earth!
Open sourced, enterprise grade tooling and frameworks for simplified, scalable development of CQRS project with akka.net.
"A recording studio that will fit in your back pocket"
ShareMy3D is a cloud-based product to share and view big and complex 3D-models in the web browser.
Prototype: http://goo.gl/1xf0oh
You can know your position in the job market, stand in the center of your jobs universe and be empowered to know your value with VR
An online service where people can play games, watch movies, and communicate with each other through text, voice chat and video chat.
Putting college basketball on mobile phones for every major college basketball team.
This project is to fund back-port effort to support 802.11s meshing in the free ath10k 10.1 firmware from Candela Technologies.
The aim of this project is to add next level functionality to your mobile devices.
PowerPoint presentations that navigate like websites and enable each slide to be a portal into more detail.
An ERP system built on the Meteor web development framework.
Create a body map of your patient using your smart phone. provide your patient with their very own traffic light bodymap.
Balance Keeper makes home accountancy easier.
Muke - A free app that identifies songs by their audio signature and shows informations and also lyrics.
Make your online courses more adaptive, personalized and engaging by connecting learning behavior in LifterLMS with ActiveCampaign
DISTRO.fm is the world's first subscription-based, non-profit music distribution platform. Think of us as the co-op version of iTunes.
An Experiment in data collection and analysis
21m breaches in 2016 alone. Presenting a video course, code and slides on securing your cloud applications using Hashicorp Vault.
Helping nonprofits with the right tools.
Hark is an archive of the work of hackers (of all fields) so we can learn from our mistakes---and go on to make new and better ones.
I want to complete my website for computer training.  The website will provide free computer training for seniors and beginners.
Safe Censor is a web browser for parents to control which websites their child can visit online and it blocks other browsers.
Hackercafe is a (member-only) club where hackers will work, meet, learn and hack. Coffee is included, just like ultra-fast internet.
Smart phone 'Selfie' application that allows for design elements, montage of photos for better story, and ability to send as a postcard
Nabo TV is the first media hub to unify all your digital entertainment into a single search library for a simple streaming experience.
If simplicity and greatness could describe any one mobile app, that app would be Earth FX. Now, it's time for one fantastic update.
Protecting women and moms dating online from rape and domestic violence using facial recognition technology to detect sex offenders.
Net cafe solution is the first Application in the word that working in web based mode. This app is compatible with coin acceptors.
Taking the novelty out of reward charts, and making them ACTUALLY work for you and your child!
A user friendly app to store data and build your own applications around your data. Create custom websites and use them to share data.
IPhone app that analyzes and displays Pomodoros (POMS) from connected users
New linguistic software tool to interpret the music & poetry of the Hebrew Bible by means of 1000-year-old cantillation marks.
The DMX Chart is the only online database and spreadsheet program for the Professional Lighting Industry. A lightwright alternative.
Genesis will automatically upload any file to any website, allowing creators to upload videos to YouTube when they're not home.
planabee is a planning tool, social network and exclusive marketplace for the events industry where business connections can be made.
Protects lives & the environment by GPS-tracking of oil shipments. Instantly creates emergency response plans when spills occur.
A web-based ePublishing platform that enables ANYONE to start a digital magazine, book, flyers, and more using templates.
PerlDancer is an open-source project for writing web applications. The core team is working on a book and needs help publishing it.
An e-learning tool which gives managers advice and training on selling their products with an output of a sales plan bespoke to them.
Do you feel uncomfortable speaking a foreign language or you simply want to improve it? This online venue will give you a hand
To develop an app to track and post prayer walks on-line, so people can easily track what's been prayed through and how recently.
We are looking to migrate our  No Spam Accepted (NSA) system from IBM software written in C to a Zimbra add-on.
GiiG integrates multiple hiring steps by using our technology to recruit, screen, and conduct online interviews.
All in one A-Z guide to coding and publishing multi platform games using Unity3D.
Everyone deserves a Smart Home. We want to re-develop our Smart Home software into an open source platform for everyone.
Browse Thousands of Web Sites, Files, View your Pictures, Listen to your Music, Videos, Create your Own Screens, Video and Audio Mixes.
Online software to match students needing tutors with University students needing to make money to pay for University!
Save all memories and all that is important for you and your family forever with an infinite compression and data redundancy system.
Dmitri X is the Periodic Table on steroids, containing all of the latest scientific data on the Elements, and links to more...
Software hardware solution to make medical info available everywhere to save lives and money.
Connecting Tattoo artists with Clients with patented software that allows auction style bidding for tattoo and art projects.
Microsoft Word Add-In will allow users to encrypt, store and share documents in their personal DropBox conveniently from Word.
spontanicity = the "robin-hood" of social networks. 
iPhotoSpotz is a location-aware iOS app that lets users take their own officially branded souvenir photos at tourist destinations.
EZSched is a simple to use yet powerful scheduling platform that allows a ton of scheduling options.
Laying the foundation for the next age with Artificial Intelligence, and taking machine learning to completely new level.
Geoaide has developed a platform to connect people in need to Social Humanitarians and aide services based on their location worldwide.
It has been a goal and a passion to develop a rostering software that is both affordable and useful. We just need to get over the line.
Integrated monitoring system used to predict landslides at risk zones around the world.
Autonomic is healthcare provider/physician scheduling done right! Manage schedules across teams, request time off, handle swaps, & more
We are creating a system that will help students in school learn more about investing for their future to meet financial goals.
Learn data analytics with a fast-paced video tutorial. Includes introduction to industry-standard tools - R, Excel, Hadoop, and more!
Programming iPad is complex and expensive. This project will bring more of the iPad's power to business owners, teachers and others.
Software to make mobile animated applications including live wallpapers, vivid presentations and animated books.
View and manage all of your social media in one place. It's fun, it's easy, and it will save you time.
A small program so that you and your friends can back up each other's files
Revolutionize how employers identify rising stars in their organizations.
It is a very simple and cheap tool for the management of workers’ attendance sheets, which is useful to eliminate the manual paperwork
Innovative and unique products that develop imagination.
WinDocks delivers .NET and SQL Server apps running in Docker containers on Windows Server 2012.
We are developing a community version of Easy Scrum to give project managers the option to work in a scrum environment
A completely graphical git client for working with completely graphical files (and code too).
I want to create prototype tool that integrates static analysis tools, and then adds comments on a file within code review tools.
The popular Cards against Humanity game now for PC! Forget the limited US version, play the AU, UK, ES, and custom versions! For free!
Perfect for the traveler and whoever wants to be connected at all times, when a good and cheap connection is not available
Establish a library that could talk to a serial sensor and GSM engine.
An app that turns your iPhone into a mouse controller for any Bluetooth compatible laptop or computer.
Help your web visitors choose the product that best fits their needs, or give them better advice in a way never seen before [EN,SP]
VisioLogger is a used to develop business class data input kiosks, for visitor management and much much more...
CyberMerlin is an illicit file activity detection solution that is designed primarily to scan for and identify illicit file activity.
Sell your home from the comfort of your home. How easy can it be?
Imagine the benefits, authenticity, and potential of educational software developed by an actual high school math teacher!!!
We are creating a Dance, Date and Location based social network connecting and unifying the dance industry.
Product development stages for a software program that will change the photography industry
Sāpō is an open source craft manager that is flexible enough to be used for all crafting, soaping, eJuice mixing and even making dinner
Free to download mobile app for best night clubs in US focused on people who love to party and club hopping !!
Connecting passionate culinary professionals with dream driven restaurant owners, to help them achieve their goals, digitally!
Sceo is a Data Mining web application accompanied by an online resource site.
my idea is to start an art based social media site that allows users to draw or add their own artwork to an infinite on line canvas.
An app that will connect property managers with tenants and owners. Ultimately protecting tenants & owners
Door-to-Door Political Canvassing 2.0 - a mobile phone app for political canvassing, replacing clipboards, paper, & nightly data entry.
Web cam motion detector can email video.Web server allows remote access.
Make a change to help the world become more sustainable.
Businest® takes your numbers (from Quickbooks, Xero & MYOB) & shows you what you need to do today, to boost your profit & cash flow.
Support local businesses with an app that provides information and location in my home town Maputo in Mozambique Africa
Surv reports the locations and details of crowd mapped outdoor surveillance cameras within 100 meters of your smart phone.
SpatialNote:  Use 3D for better learning and memorization
APEX is the social motorcycling app to Connect, Meet & Ride. Find other enthusiasts, discover new ride routes, and get out & ride!
Aplicación en diferentes plataformas empezando en la parte web y para diferentes dispositivos móviles.
Development of a revolutionary cloud-based software tailor-made for asset data capturing, communication, commissioning & integration
NOMO; the revolutionary new lost & found system for relocating smartphones that are left in the backseat of taxis.
Scriptwriting and Story Development Software For Screenwriters and Comic Book Writers.
Alerts from Smart Trip Map will text and/or email you when streamflows, tide, or weather meets custom thresholds that you specify.
My Personal Programmer is a Codeless Windows Development Application Toolkit that requires no programming experience.
Development of automated image processing algorithms to search and recognize similar images
Scientific breakthrough in software creates virtual "black hole" to  send endless amounts of data and information across the Internet
IndeChat promises to NEVER read, share, and sell your personal information with Governments or other Companies.What’s yours is yours ;)
An interactive math app that allows students to solve randomly generated problems at spaced-time intervals. Souped-up math flashcards!
Patch Health is a web-based application supporting caregivers by connecting families, professional partners and services.
We will make an EASY TO USE app that will help those in need find an affordable house or apartment to live in based on their criteria!
This tools lets you plug in a second keyboard and re-map any of its keys to any other key sequence, for fast, easy keyboard shortcuts
Discover how to set up an Angular/Rails single-page application in easy-to-follow steps.
A programming text editor that helps tackle issues with organizing, annotating, and navigating small,medium, and large code bases.
Get the right keywords for your resume, social media profiles and more to get noticed in searches and by applicant tracking systems.
A tool for the Mind. For the Future
Prometheus is an LMS, Designed by students for students, to put their education in their hands.
The HPI creates a basis for populations to learn how to advance a goal of achieving a higher standard of healthy living.
This is a shortened version of email for companies dealing with hundreds of mails. Public & private live messages.
Help FlipSetter introduce the newest trend on the block. A social media fusion with students' academics to elevate their success
We will not be afraid of those who mean to do us harm. Instead we will use technology to deter their behaviour and promote our safety.
nimbusID is a revolutionary password-less True Digital ID Authentication system, providing a secure internet ID for end users
The most natural way to get things done on your computer. Just type a sentence - Lacona understands.
a c/c++ library which working with MS Exchange through the EWS soap protocol
Make studying fun and more efficient.
Program fully functional applications in any language using only your voice and without knowing how to code.
W.A.M.Kit - The only Complete Website Building Platform giving you the control to build your website your way!
Move In History is a cross between Carfax and Angie’s List, this technology fixes the disconnect between renters and property owners.
Music player with Cusomisable Backgrounds, Font, Colours, Draggable blocks, Names & much more! This box is too small to fit it all in!
An innovative software solution to reduce the stress, anxiety, fatigue and geographical & social isolation when caring for someone.
Social life-logging, work/home organizational app; extend memory; to-do lists; self-learning instruction; collaborative task completion
E:VOLVE lets companies & individuals create, develop & manage ideas alone or over the cloud, to ensure you achieve your true potential.
Jujube redefines messaging with machines learning human emotions. Forget decoding what a text based message really means. Ask JuJuBe
Data Analysis is becoming a fundamental part of the way we live, work, and play. Learn how to analyze data today!
Our mission has been to create a user-friendly, agile, and intelligent product to increase productivity & revenue while saving you time
Bitquarium is an open source software project meant to let you use any file in any format any way you want.
SentaraSafe is revolutionary, it is easy to use, and can protect it's front door better than anyone else!
The WorkScreens app for Windows, Mac, and Linux will track your work hours, produce a billing report, and grant secure online views.
Fully encrypted and private conversations, anywhere on any device, without any software to download.
Square helps developers build fast apps faster. Warm our hearts, toes, and fingers by helping us remodel a development space.
A virtual reality social app combining 360° video and powerful communication tools that allows you to share your reality.
Expertek's Cloud Care Plus is a Comprehensive Malware Defense that comes with American-based Remote Support and a 1 Year Warranty.
Kanti is a music memory game to improve cognition and attention span while learning your "do, re, mis." Challenge yourself!
Empezaremos el proyecto creando un virus blanco para Android que recabara todo tipo de infromacion del terminal.
INSTABOOOX.COM has developed a solution to contain and reduce the costs with electronic solutions providing textbooks and study aids.
Developing a new content management software for professional conference organization => medicine & life science, academia & non profit
Current voting machines feature ‘security by obscurity’. Clarity takes a different approach, offering transparency at every level.
An innovative and flexible web-filtering platform that gives families the power to choose what's good for themselves!
Secure web app/services enabling protection, privacy, and compliance controls of aggregated and anonymized personal health info/records
This app is for kids, women, or anyone in a high risk area.
Streams audio feed with GPS to the cloud. Also provides location alerts.
Explore the new approach of interaction with images. Meet Touch Anywhere by Monster & Devices.
Make available a powerful manufacturing system for the plastics industry at a reasonable cost
PollMole - the People's Poll.  A fun, interactive connectivity tool that puts real-time information right into the palm of your hand.
Direct Democracy via Smartphone for Presidential Election 2016
We provide exam preparation for the PMI-ACP® certification. Our exam prep catalog and exam simulation is the largest in the market.
A PLC logic simulator for learning, training, and testing in an easy to use environment.
Listen and Get Hired. The intuitive Mobile streaming service for Jobs.Find the right talent for a fraction of a competitor's price.
JustScanIT for your Right to Know about Carcinogens #CGEN, #GMO, and more. Healthy Alternatives to all products. Social Media for good.
SBiDer is like a biological calculator for turning plentiful chemicals into useful chemicals using bacteria.
With our GotchA+ web and mobile applications, students will have access to most relevant study guides their University has to offer.
I'm creating an online course to teach people how to make their own e-commerce app for iPhone with Swift.
A small game attachment for your phone. 
Safe, Secure and simple payment system.  Download the app on your smart phone and start receiving or paying money right away.
Build your own personal transportation network at Tribal Rides using the cars of the future  Create a better self driving car solution
Help give new or current Woocommerce store owners a much better way to manage their products from the frontend of their website.
cloudyBoss empowers industry, institutional and non-profit clients with its visionary integrated cloud enterprise management system
Multigram is an application that allows you to manage multiple instagram accounts from the one platform with scheduling capabilities.
App that recognises anything you take a picture of and redirects you to where to buy it immidietly.
Your own computers security shouldn't be expensive. Our newly developed computer antivirus will be Fast, Secure, and Affordable
Help me to develop Game Tracker for iOS, a social app on Play Store that allows users to find other players!
Bringing Model Driven Development with Entity Framework to the masses who use MySql.
We believe that making the lives of aviation companies hassle and stress free will create a safer and more efficient industry.
E-Learning Fitness purpose is to provide fitness and health education for all people equally to assist them in attaining their health.
Designed for industry (also advanced), for makers (even those who will become) and anyone in between
The You-Me Drive is a secure personal identity device that aims to connect important data to real, trusted people.
22 #Military Suicides Per Day. DOJO is a #community driven platform that HELPS families struggling with #PTSD.
OneSafe adds a layer of protection onto your existing cloud storage accounts. With just a click, your files are safe from prying eyes.
Learn how to develop well written software using Javascript. This video course will make you from an absolute beginner, a true expert.
Sharing your own content? Selling products on EBay? We want to create Social Media Optimized links to make your shared links beautiful
A cloud based integrated creative tool that provides documentation generation and collaboration.
We are making the best online service for anyone to use! Protecting your computer from data loss, mechanical problems, aging, etc...
STUCK IN A RUT? Meeting the same friends, visiting the same places, listening to the same music every day? Let's change it!
vMe [vimi] memorizes everything you do on any device, synchronizes them, allowing you to find things fast in a 3D space.
Watch multiple sporting events on one screen...no need to set up 3 different TVs to keep up with all the games!
Open collaboration without a central server.
“Digital Innovation to Protect the World's Animal Kingdom" - IWB's new platform will bring 'ideas' and 'funds' together.
This is flex browser a completely hackable web browser.
I want to do a stable tool like (or better) Total Commander.
The same for Mac, Windows, Linux.
More here: http://multi-commander.com
We want to make your decision making fun and exciting. Help Choicr speed this process up and raise the bar with our product dev.
BUZZ ME is the messaging app with innovative patent pending never seen like before features .
Phyzit is a cloud-based, software solution used for tracking the complex metrics surrounding Transitional Care Management.
A better and cheaper way for schools to protect kids and teachers in an emergency - lockdown, fire, tornado, etc from Squad 51 Software
Parents Club
Hook Analyser performs static & dynamic analysis of suspicious applications, also gather (analyse & co-related) threat intelligence
The portable Bel-Air Browser protects your freedom & privacy when browsing the internet while preventing virus and malware attacks.
Develop an open source secure ODF profile which provably prevents document-borne malware by design -- Improving cyber security for all.
Web Based Landing Page Software Creates Custom Landing Pages For Any Business or Niche. Great For Business Owners and Online Marketers.
S2S is a post-quantum encryption system for you to store and share files, pre-encrypted by YOURSELF, before sending them to Dropbox.
A mobile application that will allow you to record, track, interpret and analyze dream trends.
Creating behavior modification software to help special education & at risk youth make better decisions and be successful in school.
Hate backtracking on road trips? That ends now with myPath, an app that only shows you locations along your route with just a search.
An easy to use windows app to help shutterbugs and geospatial professionals map and view their photos through a single shareable file.
Complete Business and Life Organization Platform - all on one page.
RATECAL is the 1st energy rate comparison calculator software and mobile app, designed to be Unbiased, Swift & Accurate.
Social interaction on the go! 
While you drive your car, see who else is doing the same.
A social network that is moving!
EdX Academy started teaching coding and design since beginning of last year. We just need your help to keep this initiative alive.
I believe that a open source database with patient reported data/outcomes supporting a decision making algorithm will change everything
An all-in-one web content management, ecommerce, online marketing, social community platform. It's a free, open-source software suite.
My service makes personal/business assisting available to entrepreneurs regardless of the size of your business or your budget.
Program which allows to increase sale, reach out to more clients. The program is intended mainly for large businesses.
ARTADYS solved the problem of predictive human interactions.
Live taunting during fantasy sports
funding for a meetup group in Canberra, Australia to share ideas and learn about 3D animation and design using open source software.
MyDarkWeb is a new kind of private web application platform, featuring strong privacy and anonymity.
A website offering ready to go weekend breaks. All you need to do is Just Drive off to a break. All set. Go..
I want to create an alarm clock app that will play your favorite podcasts instead of a horrible alarm. Wake up to your favorite voices.
Loan Strategy is a software solution for processing commercial loans by local or regional community banks.
Newmote is a multiplatform application (not only for iOS Android Windows) to control hardware devices and software medias, for €9 only.
My invention, called Busco Quadnary is the future of computing. It programs in four dimensions, instead of the traditional two.
The Digital Law Office is a web-based software application for law firms to deliver online legal services through their own website.
The helpful tool for all Limousine and Taxi drivers helping you get paperwork and summons done right the first time.
This tool provides a simple, yet secure means to protect files sent via email or transported on removable media.
Physics A.I. software delivers mini lessons and monitors student growth with feedback.  Question's values are generated randomly.
A simple and improved way for business to create and track unique part numbers.
Es gibt Menschen die Raum für ihre Leidenschaft suchen und es gibt Räume die ein Teil davon sein wollen.
It's time to create a useful, trustworthy and user friendly app that can give information on prospective candidates during elections
The Professional Skills Network is a gamified learning platform that teaches real world job skills by collaborating with other players.
Assign customized text to a tap sequence.
Contains relevant and useful data, which one would need in order to qualify for a replacement item, as part of warranty coverage.
im close to bringing out a bible app that when you say or word or phrase will give you a bible verse that matches that verse tothetopic
Be more productive in everything your do with the FREE Q-Factor Mobile App and live in your Zone of Focused Productivity all the time
Our vision is to build an artificial intelligent software robot that can assist investors in making informed investment decisions.
Universal Language App, communicate with anyone irrespective of language, break the language barrier...!!!...
A company that tracks green behavior and rewards people with prizes in an effort to make the world a greener place!
Create best possible solutions to solve the worlds problems.
This is an android app that tracks the value of your collectible trading cards and sends an alert to your phone when the price changes.
Psychic Friends Network Presents: Create Your Own Individual or Compatibility Ebook/Readings. No Per Min Fee. Web or Amazon / Kindle.
A simple, free, no advert, torrent client.
Savings Controller is a software developed in PHP that will help you to control your savings. You can easily show off your money flows.
Create professional quality presentations using text that overlays images, videos, or even live video feeds.
Sell Safer, an e-commerce go to site for sellers.  It contains forums, latest industry news, safety alerts and a database of bad buyers
Go2Office is creating all the basic business software in module form to support small to mid-size businesses. With Cloud Support.
uParti is a new search engine to locate epic parties, formal and casual happening around you. uParti will increase daily fun levels
A complex mathematical computer code that is constantly analyzing market data to maximize returns.
Sign In, is a document signature software designed for Nursing facilities to allow electronic signatures for admission paperwork.
Trackuh is a webpage and app that lets you track anything you can think of that could be useful or just fun.
Resume Database for USA and Canadian IT Recruiters. †Let Risen God Jesus be glorified in this our trade. Hosanna. Thanks to Jesus God†
NetWatcher provides screen surveillance service over Internet on specified computing devices. All results are viewed on NetGuarder.com.
Twin cities developers are building the circle for securely connecting to the internet by hiding information from the bad guys.
Bitidentify Technology, HST as pure software technology, separates intranet from the Internet.No data hacking is possible.
Imagine if you could save money without ever having to actually think about it.
MinorMonitor is a home monitoring service that allows you to keep an eye on your childrens browsing habits in order to keep them safe.
Integrating Enhanced Meditation Software with Virtual Reality Technology. A reality where anyone can envisage their dreams...
Imagine a free website that provides unlimited disposable email addresses on demand and then instantly displays any emails which arrive
Developing a transport solutions for the UK's small bus services to join the SMART card industry,
A project that will assist a community in solving their last minute problems, while also supporting a community through charities.
WE are designing a VR/AR/360  Browser Plugin and Apps for Mobile Virtual Reality. Designed to allow 360 view of the web and images
Building an operating system from the ground up to be secure and extensible.
The most useful social web in the world "BIMP", which allow you to spend every minute of your life with fun and even earn money!
Project Will Be Live Soon
Platform with Android Ordering App and Driver App and Cloud Backend. Used for Food or other Delivery business with Ride Sharing concept
Go Diafco! and interact in a new way. Get your logo at your users desktop and update the desktop icon shortcut text directly.
Manage your work in the office and in the field. Fusion Service Cloud Based Software allows your business to grow cost effectively
Shorty - A innovative way to increase data limits and speed up downloads.
Imagine knowing students are safe during an emergency within minutes rather than hours. We are creating an app that would do just that.
Many people run custom ROMs and kernels on their Android device, and have specific needs, but not all setups work. We want to fix this
App for management structured shared docs. You decide and control who read, write, pages of docs. It's ideal for team docs.
The Netlodge App - For IOS, The social network that connects startups and entrepreneurs with their story through media.
SELL ONLINE is a free classifieds provider for Canada wide. The goal is to make it easy for users to post items and or find goods.
Funded Life is a multi-functional platform to make home ownership easier.
Opal connects all your Social Media platforms into one app, making finding and following others, and being found a whole lot easier.
Allows physician, billing entities, and other clinical providers  to perform electronic medical billing, for services rendered.
Simple HTML WYSIWYG Editor for the Rest of Us on the Net.
An Operative System also known as an OS, with easier accessibility and a easier parental control, makes it easier for the whole family.
LeadPath helps businesses take the burden of managing leads off their shoulders, so they can focus on what's important: closing deals!
ONE STOP SHOP FOR AUTOMOBILE PURCHASING. RESEARCH, LOCATE, PRICE,GET FINANCING, PRINT AND BRING PAPERWORK TO DEALER AND PICK UP CAR!
NextBae.com hinges on the idea that first contact is the hardest thing to accomplish. We give you those tools to make first contact.
Hired Square is an all-encompassing recruitment opportunity management system that uses a robust business intelligence to strategically
Cloud ERP Software available in 7 languages and less prices. Several Modules for running your business.
A Social Network based on Cultures and Sub-Cultures.
Affordable Turnkey Web Application for Real Estate Professionals
uTenants is an online platform that helps renters from getting continually screwed by landlords.
Creating an automated software that will collaborate all of your social media channels into one UI. Systemically delivering content
LaborAlert is a smartphone application that notifies police and the hospital of an expected mother in labor on her way to the hospital.
ID4MEDS™ new patient point-of-care identificatioi product enables fast, secure transactions and error-free ID pf patient
Drivers need a sustainable Distracted Driving solution for how we use our smartphones and our new “Connected Car Systems” – today.
Hype Telecom lets everyone make the cheapest calls with their mobile and/or landline phone throughout the world without subscription
Knowing is a focused application to the learning of children with Down sindeome and young children by teaching tool.
The greatest corporate communication tool ever created!
A Virtual Intelligence is a software that can understand human language (English) and can infer, learn and respond in a humanly manner.
Enjoying wine is a social experience...so why not share it with your friends?  Like a wine, but cant seem to find it? let us show you!
MyStrategyBook - tool in Excel for individual traders. It is simple yet powerful for evaluating trading activity, results and analysis.
Be a Part of the Life Changing Education
Voicixx app is a communication and messaging platform for personal and business.  It can also Kamikaze™ gone and delivered messages.
Rushing to the airport, I saw a broken down vehicle/motorist in distress. I wanted to help the driver on the way back; lightbulb idea!
Ap based global ecommerce site enabling Buyers, especially in emerging global markets to buy products securely, no risk to etailers.
Our App will help everyone be more aware when a FIRST RESPONDER is close by. This will reduce Accidents, and reduce the ETA's.
The new analitical core that can improve our attitude and approach to data analyses and search using an understanding of society nature
A wall of anonymity that hides your information but allows people you know to contact you.
Web application for video communication without installing any software or plugins.
Domestic violence, sexual assaults and rapes are major problems and SAFYY can be part of the solution for victims and college/campus
A new twist on Online Dating words such as exciting, fun, interesting and friendly describe  my project to a tee. Open to suggestions.
A new innovative intelligent firewall that stops hacks and data loss before you loss your business, financial or personal information
I will develop a free to use, restful web API for games developers. They will be able to push and pull information from the cloud.
Innovative, revolutionary cloud based Project Management, focused on per-user customization and a simple yet powerful platform.
Green Dockets is a service that keeps all your receipts online by allowing the businesses you purchase from to upload them.
Electronic footprint cleansing service, provided to education institutions/students,estate/funerary industry, cleansing social media.
A software that allows RFID & NFC Scanning, Tagging and Uploading in Real-Time of Photos from Events & Attractions to Social Media.
Access your life any time, anywhere, everywhere on any device. For all users. Distributed as open source and under commercial licenses.
A friendly Twitter Bot to help you build a presence on Twitter, without becoming a spammer.
We are creating an awesome platform for each real estate agent to have his/her web presence, that is connected to their social media.
Afro-Caribbean hair app for you to be able to book your appointments pay to get your hair done and also purchase retail another one app
Fragmented Reality puts you "in the game". Green-lit by Steam and backed by Google - Project Tango.  Four years in the making.
Free & simple voice messaging to your family, friends & followers. Even promote your business for free!
We are programmers. We git stupid requests all the time. Our response? We Accept Patches. If you feel the same way, show your support!!
Needyt is an innovative technological platform of Sharing Economy for the rental of everyday objects between individuals.
Creating software to aid lawyers in finding the errors in the cases of the wrongfully convicted in the world.
Personal metall detector database where users can input location and finds data.
After successful launching of "NotJustBrowsing Desktop"  now similar design for Android devices for comfortable browsing.
HELP US BUILD THE FIRST FREE PETAFLOP SERVER
Education and Training  for folks wishing to exert leadership in healthcare. only requirement is seriousness of purpose
Chemical,biological,clinical,agricultural data available on all Cannabis strains for dispensaries,clinics,academics,growers.
Come to create the most incredible place for runners worldwide. 
-
Vamos a crear la más increíble y útil herramienta para runners.
Save your mind, your thoughts, your history, create your digital legacy... save yourself. And transfer it to any hardware you want.
Why are all others free? You get what you pay for. This is a monetized role-based system that empower families and career professional.
Analysis soccer matches over 100 leagues worldwide.
Premier, Liga, Bundesliga, Calcio, Ligue 1, ...
Harness the power of your Voice. A Virtual Intelligence for all of your scattered technology. Yours for a price of a cup of coffee!
Help kick start a new project which will allow anyone to turn their used junk into shoes for disadvantaged women and children.
A new billing software with a single payment processor, Stripe. Comes with standard modules and can have custom ones developed.
This code of over a million lines developed over twenty years, can turn your data into quantitative models. No more weak knees.
Careerbook is a veteran owned tech startup firm focused on providing instant "access" to employers and veterans/jobseekers.
Whether you do pest control, lawn care, pool service, or more, Pocomos can turn your company into an unstoppable titan of efficiency.
Next-generation Object Relational Modeling (ORM) and Code Generation tool to automatically write your SQL-based Data Access Layer.
Automate system for change in trends "CIT" that utilities human behavior for predictive model of financial markets, sports and more.
You're on Instagram or Facebook but your selfies don't get the attention they deserve? Try SelfRank & get yourself ranked!
It's time to protect your privacy! With Viro-Verse you can stop worrying about your computer and start enjoying it....
Connecting pedicabs and passengers with an easy mobile interface
myWFMIQ brings critical healthcare data together to produce a simple but effective plan for staffing and financials demands.
Text message this service for Detailed Expert advice multimedia (MMS) response.
ContractCareers.com.au - Connecting Contract Providers (Awesome Companies!)
with Contract Seekers (Awesome People!)
TrainMe uses technology to offer on-demand personal training and coaching to encourage you to invest in your health and wellness.
Gliff is a gaming social media site, a place where the gaming community can live and I need your support to create greatness.
An easy, stressless and privacy aware application to send your pictures, videos and files to your contacts with a single click
I developed software, servers and website so people can host a live Internet talk show. I need funding to promote/run website, etc.
Attorney CMS Innovative New Technologies, Integration with Pacer and 50+ State Courts. Replace Time Matters, Cleo, Best Case etc.
I would like to develop a Mac OS X desktop App for controlling a 3-axis Arduino CNC machine that may be downloaded in the App store.
The last and only software your PC will ever need :)
OrdinaryEntreprepreneurs.com presents the most effective LinkedIn Leads Generation Software in 2015
Users can save 10%-30% on-demand anytime they want without coupons or loyalty cards & then share a a discount with their friends.
Cloud based K-12 school - Montessori Method and Waldorf School techniques - student led learning - Juarez Correa teaching methods
Complete Apps for Sale.  Swift 2.0 SpriteKit. iAds. AdMob.  IAP for Revenue.  Transfer of all Assets.  Get on App Store Immediately.
We are expanding existing free VPN tunnel software allowing users to securely send data, voice, text, video, files, images and more.
Ensemble Management System allows musical ensembles to manage every aspect of their organisation, quickly, easily and for free!
Cognitive Data analytic platform converging from simple conventional data analytic  to prescriptive analytics.
Tired of your Valuable Phones and Tablets being Lost & Stolen?  NO MORE with "TheftPass" and "GoMAX"!
A windows phone, and eventual desktop app, that will organize music based on user preferences to create playlists and libraries - -
PySchool.net is a project to advance the Python programming language in the classroom at no charge to educators and students.
An app that provides individualized guidance for perfect makeup combination in the convenience of your own home. Saving time and money.
To bring ease by applying technology to book your pets appointments or seeing when your next check up is due by pressing one button.
HiredYou.com is a leading job board and executive search firm that secures personnel for top-tier companies nationwide. It's 100% free!
Fast Engineering provides users of ALL CAD systems with instant access to High-Level simulation software running on Cloud-based VM's.
Save Pictures Save Documents Save Everything with One Click.
Simplicity, Speed, No Limit on Use, One Time Purchase, No Cloud Data Safe
Have you ever sent an email and regretted it? Sleep On It uses sentiment analysis engines to block you from sending out angry emails.
Well, "www.Itsjustlunch.com" is a massively successful firm out of 
Florida... www.GuysDoLunch.com Will Too!
Opensource Software that "Blocks Scam Calls" To elderly loved ones is uses speech & accent recognition to end calls with trigger words.
Bullying and abuse is tracked with accountability. Victims can safely and securely report incidents knowing action will be taken.
Internet of Things modules that self extend the WIFI network reach by interconnecting to each other
DC2.5 is the next-gen cybersecurity solution to resist {PAMD} cyber attacks.
A Mac OS X app for your MacBook to get double, triple - or more - your battery working time!
Mobile Flashcard App for Exams in ITIL, CISSP, PMP, PMO, OCM and CBAP certifications - Android & iPhone
SaaS analytic platform for IT-Business Intelligence.Visualize, Analyze and Optimize IT based on integrated set of analytics using Orion
Combine picture taking and real-time, encrypted steganography with a simple, easy to use camera application.
LinkUp! Is a social networking app for business professionals.
This program can help you greatly in learning what you want.
for school of just an hobby, it can be set for what you want you decide!
Rent your unused parking space and earn "$"
Hey all! We're doing a research project on Virtual Reality and are also going to make a virtual campus for our university and need help
It's a simple app: you scan your canned good and enter the info on when it expires. App will alert before that. No more wasted food!
with your help & our experience, let's design the worlds best online graphic design engine based on emotion & passion. For ALL devices
Detecting breast cancer risk through your family's health history
Live Chat 4 Sales is a new and on the cusp communications tech service. We are offering our clients a great way to keep in touch.
Mi Jalon means My Ride.It is an Android App to offer a shared transport service for Latinos.This app is already available in GooglePlay
Leadership development designed for the employee and created for the organization.
A third-party software used by employers to find someone fit for a specific job.
Easy-to-use platform providing incredibly accurate statistics, projections and weather reports so you can build your best DFS lineups.
Human iris is unique key to find identity of individuals. Using HD cameras this unique key can be used anywhere.
Kids in Ctrl is a controlled environment for safe computer and internet usage for children male or female between the ages of 5 and 14
Ranking your internet activity.
The beauty of this is that your online status and esteem is being transferred to all other forums.
Splitlock™ is new-patented technology developed to secure data bases of confidential (or sensitive) information.
Mobile Human Face Recognition and Traking;
- 50 fps on Mobile Platform
- Sustain Light's Change
- 2D and 3D Animations
A perfect utility for small businesses to design mobile apps for iOS, Android. Manage your apps from anywhere, anytime.
This project provides a C++ and NETMF C# implementation of a Web and FTP Server for Managed and unmanaged devices.
With GrainBit you can make your images interactive. Just drop any info onto your image. The viewer can now click to get the full story!
Our Mission - Improve Millions of Lives
Aircraft leasing is heavily dependent on 3rd party brokers and my project is aimed at eliminating this extra transaction layer.
Summit is a web based rapid DYNAMIC web site builder. Enabling novices and experts, to create interactive data centric web-sites.
We're creating a series of workbooks and tools that will help individual investors better educate themselves on the investing process.
StrateDo is an online app that generates digital marketing strategies so everyone can implement them, even if you don't have experience
Open sourced, enterprise grade tooling and frameworks for simplified, scalable development via CQRS.
Our goal is to get android OS to run on iphone 5,5c,5s models, at minimal android 4.0, stable running.
Do you have an embarrassing photo, negative article or review about yourself online? Or, do you want to look more professional?
In a world of crowded e-shops and social networks we thought that education was left behind . iStudente is a new and definitive way to
I'm creating a social media app for Marijuana smokers, it's going to be a mix of Facebook, tinder, pof and snapchat.
JKArch busca hacer fácil y amigable Linux usando interfaces gráficas personalizadas que cualquiera pueda usar. Ayúdanos a conseguirlo.
This technology is revolutionary, and can be named after you! Proven on today's Archer: which covered KickStarter and shrinking!
Hawaii is #1 in teen suicide and in homeless kids per capita.  Incredible but true.  We can change it using the power of IT education.
An automated website testing tool akin to Selenium IDE and features cross-compatibility with Selenium IDE test cases.
Creating a startup and need talent you don't possess? Collab.it helps you find that talent.
Masspoint provides you with complete overview and full control of your online data.
A major upgrade to Goldenseal small business software for Windows.  Remove QuickTime, faster drawing, nifty new features.
A 3-part course designed to show you what you REALLY need to know about IT today. Includes 35hrs+ of video, presentations and tutorials
If you are learning to code: Use simple drag & drop to prototype your dream ideas in real source code in any programming language.
We want to compete in the SXSW tech accelerator competition March 2015. Goal to cover cost to register,attend,get there & win.
Meet new people, reconnect with old friends. Our app uses your smartphone to get you to "check-in" with people, not just places. 
Bonjour tout le monde, je vous présente brièvement mon projet d'algorithme de trading à haute fréquence révolutionnaire!
Open Source cat face recognition software for great awesome! Who wouldn't want their cat to be their password? Think of the many uses.
Car companies ask for BAIL OUTS.
JEREMEY DEAN doesn‘t want a BAIL OUT…
HE WANTS TO FUND THE FUTURAMA OF CARS!!!
Simple, free, secure home server for data collaboration between Android™ devices. With templates to create your own private apps.
A open-source tool to search for and overview interconnections - and to easily create your own interactive info-maps.
A course where we go from concept to a finished product!
All-Electric Support Car in the All-Electric Zero Emissions Race Around the World -- participating from November 2, 2010 to January 22, 2011
Help us build Goals, a social web application that can help you get your dreams done.
A game programming language and development environment that just works! Create 3D games in less time without writing low level code.
A powerful and cost effective game changing software for small business website providing control and quicker ranking on search engines
The Evolution of the Desktop.  Interact with your files and applications in a completely new way.
An e-book (with companion source files) teaching Delphi (Object Pascal) programming using complete Windows application examples.
Professional 'Real-Time' survival skills for emergency travel situations in audiobook format. Simply download and travel safe today...
Tech In A Box allows you to repair your own computer with a single click! It replicates what a tech can do and will save you hundreds!
We are bringing Revolutionized Software for everyone such as Churches, Schools, Home, Office, Business, and Government.
Two Products: eLearning/adaptive Courseware and an App for both students and instructors.
Spriter can be a powerful tool with Unity Engine. Unfortunately there isn't goo support for it.
Podium3 allows you to create interactive and engaging presentations for your website; these can be live or recorded.
Simplify your NCAA March Madness bracket by seeing exactly which games matter to you, less staring at brackets, more beer!
The new password manager, different, simple, efficient, effective, safe! Protect your passwords and take them  always with you.
personalisierte Tablet-PCs beim Friseur als Entertainment oder zum Shoppen im geschlossenen Marktplatz. 10.000 Salons innerhalb 12 Mon.
It is time for the internet to evolve. A new electronic eco system is on the horizon and its name is Skydoosh.
Das Sicherheitspaket für die ganze Familie      
JETZT INTERNETKRIMINALITÄT DEN RIEGEL VORSCHIEBEN!
DUAL BIOMETRIC AUTHENTICATION : Your fingerprint+signature simultaneously authenticated while signing in on ANY touchscreen Device.
Virtual Reality Operating System & Launcher for mobile devices!
ARCADE CITY, a new ride share app that puts the power back in the hands of the driver!
ODL is your personal On-Demand Laptop in the cloud—custom configured & ready to use. The 1st true collaborative platform for developers
Web-based legal practice management software built for the modern law firm.
The facebook of Dogs and Cats
A Gnu/Linux Infotainment Systems based on: Ubuntu Touch, Tizen & Genevi SW for the VCM Nvidia Tegra provided on BMW Mini Cooper F56
Attorney CMS Offers Innovative New Technologies, Integration with Pacer and State Courts. Replace Time Matters, Cleo, Best Case etc.
This is a project to help the hundreds of thousands of job seekers out there get through that first barrier: the application process.
SpeedStealth(TM) improves connection speeds to give you faster, more secure Internet everywhere using your current ISP/Cell carrier.
Pre-integrated package of leading open source software on virtual desktops, replacing all closed software, for any organization.
Appunga designs, builds, connects and launches Android, iOS with your existing WordPress WooCommerce store.
Ofyz will provide a secure community consensus on credit ratings of startups, corporates, and countries by using Blockchain technology.
Next gen college recruiting platform.  The mobile app is for the student and the backend platform for the company looking for talent!
We are fast and easy to use ERP Accounting software for all business. Easy invoicing and business reporting
Help us finish the development of this awesome new CRM application for Jooma 3 cms
Fully Engineered Limiteless Elastic Infrastructure, Flexibly Build HyperConverged, Converged, Bare Metal Without Capacity Planning
Software development requires much time. Do you have them? This software will help you to save time, when it is about creating software
A social application that lets you create time capsules using any type of media to be opened in the future, future delivery guaranteed.
A chance to find that special someone or to find an awsome group of friends.
Y2K (Youth To Knowledge) presents to High-school teens what (Drugs and Alcohol) can do, while using the latest brain scan technology.
Scientific non profit project to develop computer made sounds like dolphins make then interacting with dolphins to teach the language
Awesome WordPress Themes with a great set of built-in features. Designed with flexibility and ease of use in mind. No coding required.
The SportsCard will be the first document management system with Emergency, Medical, and Health information! Be Ready!
Neural networks gives you power of stocks market history lessons learned.
confused with fundamental and technical indicators?Try this
Please help us market the most complete video communications suite available on the internet today at a price that can't be matched.
I want to start a website to find pickup sports in any area at any time in a matter of seconds. 

I want it to be state of the art.
Our mission is to offer students e-book material for their studies so it's easier to access them and have them with you everywhere.
Call anyone in the world, speak in english, have the receiving caller hear it in spanish, french or italian
We are Linking Homeowners to Reliable HomePros. Users can find any Home Contractor they need with Homemonkey.com for Free
Choose your favourite meals. All ingredients are instantly delivered, by drone.
eBrain is the full realization of Artificial Intelligence, in every capacity. Help us package it up, and market it in the right way.
Zinksy will help over 50 million Americans buy & sell real estate quickly, eliminating broker’s fees, and reducing days on market.
Tecwallet is website which connects students and trainers. Trainers can schedule live  training sessions and host recorded course free
A safe, secure, revolutionary, environmentally friendly way of transferring and accessing virtually any and all information.
Have you ever been thinking about having your own personal assistant?
Help us to make your dream come true!
Consoles Controllers that will have a memory card and it will portable to play on any Xbox 1 and PS4  with their personal accounts.
A project tracking website that's so simple it may actually be useful. I use it every day.
I am developing an antivirus that will not only use the public definitions but will also use the private ones that most hackers use.
PATH therapy is a patented breakthrough technology that dramatically and permanently improves reading, attention, and memory.
I am making a program that will print "Hello, World!" to screen.  I will use C, C++, or Java to create the software.
Get into the realm of personalized web browsers. Utilize 4G technology with this web browser of choice for serious internet users.
EM Software is an application to protect classified information files before sending them via email or upload them to the cloud.
Ac-SMS is the most secure and easy way to send PGP encrypted SMS to Blackberry or Microsoft Outlook compatible device.
Cost effective, multi source data analytics software for analysing and presenting data.
"free open artificial intelligence for everyone"
Help us develop a free open platform for chat bots and artificial intelligence
Software for smartphone with algorithm detection connected to ip cam, this system allow active control of determinated areas
The first sales tool that helps you contact the right person behind any company... in just 2 clicks.
HEART is a revolutionary new programming language, created for the future of development. Created for developers, by developers.
Phase 1 - (Complete) create data access via nicknames
Phase 2 - Develop server version of Phase 1
Phase 3 - Develop Voice interface
A new easy way to get in touch with someone you see somewhere near you
Backtest and Optimization engine with:
- Flexibility: Advanced Walk-Forward
- Usability: visual, easy to configure
- Performance: Fast
Let users of your app invite all of their Facebook friends to use it, share content of your app on their Facebook wall and more!
The anti-cheat software uses a deceptively simple method of comparing raw inputs to game behavior. If they dont match your cheating!
Create decorative and distinctive menus. Develop a unique character of your application by creating customized menus.
Job applications suck...
...we can make them suck less!
A computer program designed to teach young and old basic computer skills and help them get an edge up in life.
iBot - Eine Applikation die dem Streamer das Leben leichter und den Zuschauern das Leben toller macht.
To create an online system for promoting, marketing, distributing and streaming music for independent record labels out of the box
YouTube does a bad job at protecting children from offensive and violent videos. SafetyTube will offer a filter service to change that.
I want to make a new OS based on Ubuntu and Debian with some Gnome Flavors (for banks, and higher end businesses in the beginning.
Create plugins for Intellij and Eclipse with syntax highlighting which helps to create Layout Specifications
Listing directory of vape friendly establishments and vape stores worldwide.
Virtual Reality Destinations will use a high end 360 degree camera to capture footage transporting people to exotic destinations.
'Universe' is an innovative Open-Source-Open-Content operating (eco) system developed for human civilization
Why must everything be about sex??? We don't encourage infidelity, but want to make your relationship funnier, and more exciting!
The next generation in eCommerce. Social eCommerce Collective Market.
Software that creates 98% accurate signals for certain commodities and financial markets. It will be free to all when done.
This game would be ment to help secondary students learn math, physics, etc in a fun and interactive way.
Imagine creating software based on simple choices and the ability to bypass any human intermediary.
A program that Records the unique Soundwave of the users snap and uses that data as a command prompt ,using the mic, speaker & "Siri"
We have developed a hotel comparison software / website that is capable of out performing the current market leaders!
Create plugins for Intellij and Eclipse with syntax highlighting which helps to create Layout Specifications
Easy to understand easy to implement cybersecurity for small business owners. Designed to reduce insurance premiums
Business and Financial Software like no other - see www.mediaclubroyale.com/download.html  -- U. S. Tech . . . Smarter Engineering
bumperGO.com MobiList picture list of mobile business let's u see/meet contractors with quick vid intro see what u r getting b4its2late
A mobile & web application designed for online Sports consumers to watch,share & relive highlights of their favorite Sports in 1 click.
Travel to Italy and be immersed in the Dolce Vita! Live the dream via virtual reality: you will learn how to live the Italian lifestyle
My biometric Health Record Service offers patients the future of emergency health services. Simpley enroll your EHR and fingerprint.
Application to monitor what applications your children are downloading and censor those applications.
Heating Oil 4 Less is an online marketplace that electronically matches consumers with merchants offering reduced rates for heating oil
Software and marketing in place and ready to launch in Nov. Seeking 5K to leverage in order to attract affiliates for sales contest.
A new innovative intelligent firewall that stops hacks and data loss before you loss your business, financial or personal information
I am going to build an app that can be given for free to abused women. It will help to catch and prosecute the abuser.
What is your passion? Get a free Facebook integrated website, so you easy can get likes and share it with your friends.
We are Swedish entrepreneurs looking for financial support to our new streaming project that will allow users to watch movies offline.
Track issues, react and Initiate Intelligent Choices.
An idea that WILL revolutionize the way people can take control of, and manage their careers, and help them find real reward.
6Paint is a simple yet powerful raster and vector graphics paint program for Microsoft Windows PCs.
Revolutionary technology allowing you to create your own call centres from home
A Cyber Secure Cloud to protect patient information from theft, and HIPAA Compliance software to aid medical firms.
A music app that is one central place for all the users audio content. Smart radio, location radio, mood radio, and the users music.
L Hub will work similar to uber in linking learner licenced holders with car owners and supervisor  drivers.
A Program for that will earn money, while you go about your daily business and routine.  Set it and forget it.
NetSec is like a antivirus program for your network. it detects hackers in your network and warns you.
Empower Everyone to create Website, Apps and Blogs  with no Coding. Minimize development cost and time with 100's of Features
SpaceTrade is an app where large logistics can offer left over space in their trucks. Stop climate change and drastically reduce costs.
Raising application security awareness, independent testing and resources for software developers and the open source community
I want to publish my Android App for people with a lingual disadvantage for IOS.
Plataforma que permitirá que cualquier ayuntamiento pueda tener un portal web profesional, completo y accesible a bajo coste.
IntelligentCMO (TM) is a first-of-its-kind cloud-based, marketing management solution to track all of your marketing spend into sales.
“Voice Net” is a software, which will allow you to communicate (call) a Desktop/Mobile system, secure and hostet all by your own.
Establishing the Most Comprehensive Mobile App for Culinary Purposes Providing a Huge Culinary Library and Database Of Recipes.
Let scientific facts decide about Cannabis. Lets gather all the data available to support research and industry.
A new, unique, and interesting form of having a secure communication through Internet or a private network.
Using the xboxone and kinect with video you could teach hand signals for cranes and how to operate forklifts,lulls,bobcats,bulldozer,et
Update Kommander to Qt5 for full featured app development using any scripting language. Run on Win/Mac/Linux/Android/iOS.
Tired of calling 800 numbers & bringing your PC to a Repair Center to get your Computer fixed? We offer a solution that will fix that!
Hand out pos./neg. Karma units to your friends to rate their behavior!  They'll only be able to see an anonimous aggregate score!
Keep the Scala Binding up-to-date for the duration of 2016.
RV maintenance software for vehicle maintenance logs, due date reminders, preventive maintenance scheduling, travel information.
An innovating way toward providing a positive future is to imagine the difference between what is and what could be; social networking.
This devise will be able to precisely control the energy needed to keep you comfortable in any given structure and we have a patent.
Create an online multi-user goal setting platform for students internationally where they set goals and get rewarded for achieving them
History Robot app that teaches kids history. Get relevant content, explore related topics. Change the world by learning from the past.
Tired of ads detracting from your gaming experience? Cover them up with WindowShadez™.  It's like Ad Blocker, over your whole screen.
WITH THE WORLD GRID YOUR COMPUTER GETS POWER FROM OTHER COMPUTERS
My Project's main goal, is to allow users to communicate with medical personnel from the comfort of their own home.
Design and build of a FTSE 100 trading rules model/ platform. The backers will receive the trading model each.
Event Espresso is a superb bit of software for events management, unfortuanlty its missing one key element.
Create a Sentient computer that will communicate back to the backers and develop ideas for pushing the human frontier of knowledge.
CProtect is parental control software that blocks web pages with content not suitable for kids.  Customizable by parents.
Remove the shackles of Big Money in politics with the fair, level playing field for voters to match with candidates via shared beliefs.
Help us fund the next generation of programmers in Houston, Tx and then the world.
Online Learning Management System open to everyone who wants to teach just about anything.
MacMiner is the only Objective-C crypto-coin mining app for Mac OS X. It's totally open source, and totally free
Take a picture automatically with a smartphone, webcam or Ip-camera and share it in real time on Facebook. "Social network lifelogging"
I am developing a web-based technology allowing users in rural and resource-limited settings to interact with health providers via SMS.
To developed a HD-BIP32 Bitcoin Business wallet, with multi-sig wallets, accounting, reports and management of all Bitcoin assets.
Making a commission free limo & ride booking system and apps for all kinds of rides to save you extra 20-30% or more for every ride.
Get Unlimited Pet Food delivered to your door, when you need to all year round for a set monthly fee of $39. Share with friends free!
Ever wanted to describe your period with profanity? How about warn a significant other that Aunt Flow was in town? Now you can
Streaming Audio server to mobile devices, located on premise at a bar to provide Game Audio!
My team and I are looking to create the first ever National Emergency Operator Service that can help accurately locate you via GPS.
A chat service similar to yahoo but this will have chat rooms and PM and web cam and voice chat and best thing is no bots.
Why buy expensive accounting software that constantly issues new versions. Only $25. Plus shipping. Available by download as well.
Dashboard for tracking and reporting on your College Education Courses, Credits and Finances
Karate tournaments software
AlertArea sends time-critical alerts to people in a defined area. This is for emergency response teams to help people in danger.
An online service that allows users to send photos, for a fee, from social media, phones or tablets to loved ones serving time
Connecting rideshare drivers with people who want food delivered from their local restaurants to their front door.
APP for on-demand designated driver drives your vehicle with you and guests back home. Avoid DUI, accident, get car back home safely
No Programming or Experience Needed . 
Cheapest Subscription in the World for Amazing Beautiful Apps .
AOS is what Scientists and Engineers have been trying to realize since 1980 and Now it's HERE: Code-less Software Creation for All.
ReverseSell is reverse auction technology that lets sellers bid on what individuals and business want, lowering the costs to buyers.
BforTime starts the new age of networking. Request & Get Support from Specialists Worldwide. 
In Return Provide Support! (1h)
A mobile app to socialize cycling worldwide. Find other cyclists while riding. Never Ride Alone as family and friends can see you ride!
Bidding service connecting property owners in need of renovation, maintenance and repairs with highly skilled and motivated pros.
Drone flight authorization and autonomous dispatch service using Secure Cloud Services to ensure drone flights operate legally.
Energy relativity method determine and predict value and cores, it avoid uncertainty and build perfect relationship within minutes.
I own Marchington Industries, here I create new and improved apps, from games to education.
Mob/Web App for colombia parents to receive instant notification regarding his children homework, exams and general progress in school,
this technology will allow you to remotely and securely access all of your computing needs, resources, application and operating system
BBO is eight courses in the "quant" subjects of business--stats, acctg, finance, econ. A quick-affordable-effective business boot camp!
Creating an improved clinical dental software
An app style workout program that provides individual olympic level workouts capable of adapting to it's user each day based on goals.
An Open Platform which creates an exciting new funding stream for Not For Profit organisations. Help us to #MakeGivingEasy.
Imagine a world where quality home care is available at the tap of a button; helping people in need at the time of need.
Eine Plattform im Deutschsprachigen Raum um Arbeitssuchende an Arbeitgeber zu Vermitteln. Kostenübernahme durch Provision und Amt.
the Work Notes helps companies meet and increasing trade.
Our web browser is the ONLY "Gated" internet community that's specifically for children. Parents can finally be at ease!
Fr: Synthèse vocale pour enfants muets ou ayant des difficultés de langage.
En: Speech app for kids muted or language difficulties.
Alpha Algorithms develops algorithms primarily used for sports betting syndicates.
With Ellifind's software platform you can have us list and sell your real estate whether residential, commercial or in bulk for FREE
Been trying for years to find a solution to get android os to run on iphone 5,5c,5s models, at minimal android 4.0, stable running,
Erudite
Second Sight helps to protect innocent civilians and businesses from criminal opportunists during riots.
My goal is to build the world biggest search engine and database for fitness programs, workout plans and healthy nutrition.
Calculates the net salary of an employee after you give the hourly rate, hours, taxes and other deductibles.  We humbly request.
an Application that allow veterans a way to find a ride from local drivers to doctor appointments or anywhere else they might need.
Control the speeders in any vehicle, without increasing the police department budget and save lives of love ones.
RoomActually makes students lives easier.  More time to study, less time apartment shopping.  Safer and easier rent? Yes, please.
Want to operate a NYC Subway Car. No not NYC. Ok how about a Amtrak Loco. Nah not really. Ok OK how bout CSX. Ahh CSX To NYC Eh Alright
A futuristic Gift Card API service that socializes and incentivizes the buying, shopping and selling gift card experience.
A place where all your apps live, no more: app updates, device memory used, building for specific platforms, battery drain and more!
We have created a fun, social reward, jobs platform to be refined in version 2.0.  We are focused on the GAME component.
A ecommerce interface to replace or integrate with your own e-commerce platform.  Fully packed with a ton of features.
Imagine microsoft windows and adobe suite integrated, then you have Qualia - no need to buy any extra software with your OS! imagine!
Because healthcare delivery happens on several, software platforms used by several healthcare providers. Our platform will be universal
Technological innovation in public alert delivery. Receive weather and public safety warnings without relying on EAS!
HANK is a platform bringing clients and people with skills together.  We believe everyone needs some extra money!
How would you like to test-drive your own kitchen before purchasing? How would you like to put the "bells and whistles" on yourself?
The #1 App for the best discounts to Korean restaurants in the DC Metro area!
Creating Radio Prosumers and access to licensed internet radio stations for all. Giving everyone an opportunity in radio.
La mission de twipbox est de permettre à tout un chacun de pouvoir imprimer quand il veut tout ce qu'il veut partout sans contraintes.
Web based Consumer Cloud Security and Encryption service. Upload your Data with the Peace of Mind you deserve!
Forums for the creation and refinement of ideas through public interaction.
We are looking to raise funding for the Android development of our app "ObviPop" .
Find Ghosts with your smartphone. Use your phones HD camera and ultra sensitive sensors to discover the unseen forces around you.
The aim of the project is the development of a simple tool to assess working memory in a clinic, at a distance and at home.
Free software for building web-based, multimedia game-like interactive learning modules to effectively educate the world.
Vigilante Rising will be a game that we all wanted all the other super hero games to be... but the hero is you. The choices are yours
Designed and developed to stop theft and prevent fraud from happening. Many features of the app make it extremely safe and very secure.
The Quanta@Home project will make quantum computing accessible to everyone.
xCLOUD Systems Management Suite enables small & medium business to support their users, POS, laptops, desktops and servers affordably.
I hope to make a little piece of software to help protect your open tabs from peeping eyes! It's your device, only you should know.
Daily tasks faster. Your desktop with 3d backgrounds, built in calling & messaging features, and content created and hosted by you.
A free SEO software for Apple computers ( iMac, MacBook ). It will help you optimize your web site and gain positions on google.
StratOS is an operating system, that has been reimagined to be all about you and your style of working.
Software that can be installed to your smartphone and PC / Mac that blocks gambling ads and doesn't allow to access to gambling sites.
Reinventing the word life. LyfeKey- guide by you for you. Love Yourself Forever and design the blueprint to profound happiness!
We use your web browser to give you Augmented Reality super powers! See through walls & magically see what others can't!
Improving the existing Pesterchum software, a Homestuck-inspired chat client: improve stablity, new features, and cross-fandom support.
Campaign Closed
See your room in new colors instantly and accurately. Feature-rich, sophisticated color visualizer.
Easily turn your 3D models into animated game characters.
Music is the most commonly spoken language on Earth, yet only 5% of the population can read and write music - It's time to change that.
Modkit.io is an event driven and multi-threaded programming language for the Internet of Everything for Everyone - Inspired by Scratch.
Enjoy the entire web ad-free while supporting the sites you love.
Simulation platform for the Gospel of Jesus Christ
Plan your family meals, sets up your shopping list, sort by grocery department .. in just 5 minutes and an intimate social platform.
Free cloud based software for musicians 
that allows them to practice and create music in real
time using multiple available tools
The first EVER motion-sports videogame in history that actually requires you to play with a "real" basketball---developing real skills!
The Bucket List App is the place to track life ambitions, be inspired by over 2,300,000 goals & learn how to achieve them - on the go!
CR-ACK puts the power of augmented reality into the hands of creators, makers and finders.
MailScholar is the ultimate software as a service communication platform that brings schools into the 21st century.
This program is a quiz program designed to test home school students knowledge. It is designed to be friendly, and easy to use.
Meta64 is a web app and database for content creation, sharing, and collaboration to advance the semantic web and content repositories.
Work days are easier than ever with auto daily schedules and meticulous project analysis! Deadline stress is a thing of the past!
DaruZen is a powerful presentation software. Turn presentations into live shows with html files, JavaScript, CSS and more.
The Ability App™ helps people with disabilities find disability friendly features at specific locations.
The way to search and find all the pictures of yourself and the people you care for!
This project has been cancelled until further notice.
This unique product helps you predict stock market movements through social media sentiment analysis.
Write HTML5 apps in your browser and push them to mobile devices instantly! Learn with our integrated video lessons!
Property Evaluations all require accurate measurements.  We have devised a process to determine measurements from photographs
The Android App Creator will give anybody the ability to intuitively create a custom full-featured Android Application.
A question platform that allows you to create and share questions, tests and results for both learning and entertainment.
Application that prevents eye strain and computer vision syndrome caused by looking at the monitor for too long.
An easy to use, very flexible CMS built from user requests that includes a lot. No need for .NET, PHP, WP, SQL, Carts or 3rd party apps
We set out to design a product that every college student would want to get their hands on.
Cancelled
FreeDOS 1.0 (16-bit) was completed in 2006 by the FreeDOS team and the freedos 32 project was started to try to implement a 32 bit OS
Design Ware Pro is a new graphic art design tool with ease of use, power, and a simply, elegent user interface; comes in 2 versions.
Mydentity is a free and open non-profit peer-to-peer web-based messenger with voice, video, and text chat that cuts out the middleman.
Fill the gap between Kickstarter's Backer Report and the USPS Mailing list
Live professional wrestling event to raise money for muscular dystrophy research and treatment seeking support!
I've begun prototyping a low-cost LED light for the Kindle. I'd like the finished product to be something that I can offer as a...
Sophisticated but easy to use Child safety application for smart devices. Keeps parents in control of child's activities and location.
Building a free, professional grade, community-driven hip-hop music production app for mobile devices.
Wikipedia can tell you the 'what?', but VK tells you the 'why?' Want to understand things like scientists do?
The Worlds 1st Full-Length, Self-Photographing, Smart-Mirror which operates from the convenience of an App on your smart phone.
allowing 2 or more systems to play multi-player games together.
An easy and cost effective web-based energy management software that separate and allocate individual heat usage in apartment buildings
A blogging platform that features inline editing and a fresh approach to theme design and plugin development.
To bring support for IGES, STEP and openNURBS (Rhino 3DM) to Cinema 4D. Including importing with advanced tessellation settings.
What's Next Tool is for primary school teachers to assess, track, analyze and report on the overall performance of their students.
Online privacy needs to be simple, and can't be trust based. We built Kube so that we have no access to your data. You are in control.
Have you ever wanted a tablet computer you can adapt to your own uses? Aspectus is just what you are looking for! 
Time Clock Mobile is being developed for people that need to accurately track work hours and GPS location of their mobile employees.
Blackjoy is an on-demand retail platform that provides distribution and marketing for products created by minority owned companies.
Brainbart is a fun knowledge exchange platform on any device. It's a community of edu-questers and will redefine education
Making videos how to do different projects of web development and programmings)
Have you ever heard the saying, the money is in the list? I can quadruple an email list with my SMS Autoresponder.
A complete guide (e-book) and video series course covering the creation of a modular Stripe.com shopping cart using C# and ASP.NET MVC.
A full featured android music player that has a scheduler, remote control web interface, and voice control.
A mobile app to share stories which unfold over time and follow stories you like as they develop
Personalized kids' stories in iPad app, w/audio & drawing tools so kids illustrate their stories. Fun/Educational/Creative!
Visit ancient cities at the time of their glory from anywhere at any time with just a click and feel you are really there .
Locker is an advanced encryption and safety software designed to keep your files and folders safe from any threat.
Dynamically bring your story to life via an automated, collaborative, self-service platform that provides an evergreen keepsake
The DMG-10 combines the playability of a piano with the sound and 8-bit power of the Nintendo Game Boy. 
Lets bring the world famous vim editor to atom.io with more of its' feature rich glory.
Portrait is an open source, web-based tool to track and manage installed software packages and vital statistics on Linux computers.
Enabling seniors to live an independent life with support from family and friends. 
Make money by creating role-playing games with RPG Creator. Export to PC, smartphones and tablets! powered by HTML5!
Domo is an easy to use wifi sensor that uses your wifi-enabled devices to open exciting new possibilities in home automation.
A friendly, distraction-free, minimalist text editor for writing.
The client application and secure website allow you to control your phone form any browser anywhere in the world.
EduSpanish will give you all the tools you need including native teachers to learn Spanish from anywhere in the world.
SkyMath means big math gains for your kid. In a summer pilot program, kids made almost a year’s worth of growth in just one month!
Push-to-Talk, where is it for the modern day smart phone? The idea of recording a 20 second blurb

Twimote, is a web application project being developed to enhance the way Twitter users integrate Twitter with their website and market on Twitter.
Beautiful open-source forum software built for the modern web.
GoRun is a fitness app for the iPhone that rewards you with discounts, freebies, and much more when you achieve your goals.
A LIVE! Virtual Bootcamp style class where you will learn Swift 2 and graduate with the ability to develop apps in Swift.
Tenantry.Net is a transparent project dedicated to guiding and supporting the collaborative actions of tenants and landlords.
Take control of your foreign language learning. Study what you want, when you want with audio lesson builders and other tools.
Voice Text is an Eyes Free way of text messaging
The infinitely customizable random thing generator.
OpenStack is an open source cloud solution which does not include an automated installation application. My project is solving this!
Disc to digital service to move DVD collections into the cloud for a sensible price.
Customizable, efficient, research-based speech therapy app to help therapists evaluate and develop speech and language goals.
Move your cursor with your webcam, digitize your old photos, draw or highlight over your desktop or running programs for $1 Full Ver.
"swDigital GamingZone" ist eine Software um Spielern den Zugriff in Windows für die wichtigen Dinge des Spielens zu erleichtern.
Guardian ROM is a secure version of Android with several privacy and security improvements built in.
iMentor is a social mobile application for iPhone, which connects qualified professionals and retired professionals with students.
WACPSN v 1.0 Beta Protects Codes Written in PHP & HTML
Streamlined and Open Source solution for VR and interactive media in a socially immersive environment
An all-in-one secure and free messaging mobile app: Share, Socialize and Show (off) - with huge respect for privacy
Changing the way you access media, Nabo TV streamlines content from multiple sources into one seamless experience.
VRLD is a solid online 3D world, making you live better. It is a future way of using VR devices and expanding your game experiences.
Thank you for those who supported us. UnaPop AdSelfies will see you here again soon!
MiFlight is a mobile app that informs travelers of security line times at airports all around the world. Come help save the world time!
3DaVinci is an easy to learn, intuitive to use 3D modeling software application made specifically for 3D printers and everyday people
Kickstart JewelryBox by adding Linux platform, enterprise sever and project management, and application stack support.
Help us balance the equation - 33% of food (~$750 Billion) is being wasted each year, while 805 Million people in the world go hungry!
SARAH is a voice-interaction program for Mac computers. It's a little like Siri, but it's open, customizable, and supports apps.
Easy to use software that allows you to communicate with your contacts. Store and share your digital data privately and anonymously.
A powerful and cost effective game changing software for small business website providing control and quicker ranking on search engines
A web browser implementing the entire HTML5 specification.
Tutoring Concierge Application customized to your college with a solid reward program from gift cards at star bucks to scholarships!!
Help us make the android version of the WhyTime App a reality!
App Healthcare Provider uses to process Health Insurance Claims, Tablet/PC. Complete a claim in a minute, all with a touch of a finger.
Privacy oriented, secure, distributed social network
Krush is a program that securely, quickly, and secretly destroys files in a way that makes them unable to be recovered.
Hey guys!
I've been working on an app, pretty simple really, gives information on games, gives you a count-down timer etc
Imagine an app that can excuse you from any social situation... automatically! Back our project, A Good Excuse, and make it a reality!
With a patent pending “language assembly engine” writing a medical report using DrLink is much easier, which then inserts into any EHR.
A mobile app for translation of words between Runyankore, English, Swahili, Kikuyu, Luganda & Lango, for android & iOS. Free download!
When your favorite food vendors are on wheels, it can be hard to track them down! Help us make it easy to find the deliciousness with a new version!
Straight to your smartphone, this unique service will put a smile on your face each morning.
Millions of amazing DIY do-it-yourself lifestyles. Discover and track methods that increase your performance and upgrade your life.
Our dynamic web app will allow everyone from consumer to enterprise to quickly and accurately predict the best decisions.
Global Authorship is an open-source project for an Advanced World Wide Web.
Centrik Touch helps you generate more referrals and leads - in the time it takes to have a cup of coffee.
Enabling your car to chat with loved ones, on your behalf on selected topics, "Chat2it" eliminates phone distracted driving.
With the help of this software, teachers can assign and grade homework automatically in just a few clicks
wadl is a duck-themed app to help build your vocabulary.
A smart kitchen software for creating delicious  fine gourmet dishes in optionally virtual & augmented reality environments.
An App that teaches you the things you really need to know about your iPhone, but nobody will ever tell you.
Sasquatch GNU/Linux, a free OS for free people.
Batatuá is the first social network that stratifies intelligence based on ratings using complex algorithms and mathematical models.
Practice thousands of classical music pieces with virtual accompaniment at any tempo without distortion in pitch or sound quality.
Gnash is an open source framework in PHP/MySQL for application development.  It is part CMS, part framework, part form editor...
An open source hardware/software project to create a kit that connects to any exercise bike. It turns racing video games into addicting workouts.  
............................................
removed
Create metadata dictionaries for your org. Includes data dictionary WITH field descriptions, workflow/validations, and more.
A Mac x Web x iPhone project to upload, host and share your bits.
The first automated, individualized, adaptive training software platform designed specifically for triathletes.
Linux Power Features for iPhone and iPad
Create, develop & manage your ideas with E:VOLVE, designed for companies & individuals to manage their ideas and innovation portfolio
Web/App portal for secure sharing of internet access between Users & Sharers (Sociers). Users pay a small fee to Sociers for access.
The ultimate golf platform: create your own golf groups, invite them for a round of golf, organize your own tournaments and much more!
Open source elections for America. Provably secure and built on commodity hardware.
$299.99 per Yr (Not Thousands) Easy To Learn~HD 3D Renderings ~ Now The Small Contractor Can Compete With The Big Box Hardware Stores
Whalesong Project broadcasts humpback whale songs live from the waters off Maui to the world free of charge over the internet, using it
Genealogy Genie provides family tree software, Y-DNA, mtDNA, autosomal DNA testing kits, DNA matching software, Genealogy assistance.
The goal of the iEmu project is to build an open-source iOS device emulator that would be cross-platform and simple to use.
To students, Microsoft Word is yesterday, 
Knowledge NoteBook is the Future.
A Portland, Oregon Based High Tech 3D Fabrication and DIY Workspace Cooperative.
A tracking system that lets students seamlessly check camera gear in and out of the equipment room and secures the equipment from theft
Learn to code in Javascript. Learn programming native applications for Web, IOS, Android, Mac, and Windows using Javascript.
PlaySpace is a online gaming platform for video games. It allows you to play all your favorite video games whenever you want.
Frensie helps you get a date by giving you the perfect pickup line for your match on Tinder, Zoosk or even in real life
FeZZee is designed to make music festivals less hassle and more fun, before, during and after the gigs.
PiXL Sphere turns your entire room into an immersive gaming experience.This will change the face of gaming as we know it!
Create a PostAbout.me profile and watch your anonymous tag clouds grow. What do your friends REALLY think of you??
Lotus2D is a powerful cross-platform videogame engine for creating beautiful worlds and stories with no programming knowledge required.
View fine art images of your surroundings; mobile apps that reveal the past through paintings and add to your appreciation of the art.
Dynamic Visualizations of Reactions & Interactions of Atomic Elements, Molecules, and Light in a Quantum Dynamic Space Framework
Local Event is a smart phone app that allows you to view events going on around you and connect with the people attending these events.
Our project is one part science, one part art, a smidgen of common sense and a lot of OCD.
We're plan to build a Metric Time Community!
Turn your teen's gaming obsession into a career path. This teen-focused project teaches programming via the creation of a Java game.
Take pictures of receipts with your phone and receive email and text alerts, when return is due. No more anxiety of forgetting returns
Real world mobile browser fluidity test based on touch responsiveness to detect the most lag-free browser on any platform.
Wtree allows users to auto-organize websites,create tree graphs, visualize web history & search results. Its like dropbox for links
Me and my little brother plan to start a Video Game development company. We will be using Java and C++, All code will be open sourced.
Professional screenwriting software that lets multiple writers outline, chat, and write together. Write offline, auto-sync online.
If funded, we will create a set of online tools that allow students to create virtual historical reenactments using twitter.
Create personalized maps of websites. Track how your sites grow, develop, and connect to other sites in 3D.
nan
A new tool to instantly make content changes to native iOS and Android apps.
PowerPoint presented within modern 3D games engines, allowing amazing new effects and worlds! The next revolution in presentations!
SchoolSynch is a free cloud based application that allows teachers to synchronize and access worksheets directly on student's tablets.
PEERNETv allows viewers to build a network & share their viewing experience with friends & family through their television DVR.
To study the database of WordPress with the intent of creating an open source php library for access that is 100% WP compatible.
Management Plus facilitates book-keeping by automatically expanding and processing downloadable credit card transaction statements.
I am developing a live, online training course for the Cisco CCNP Security FIREWALL exam, where you can speak with the trainer LIVE!
Kurin is a content management system that gets out of your way and makes managing content simple.
Create mobile and PC games from completely customizable open source game packs, then publish them in real-time with PLAYIR.
Postbag is an email platform that turns your inbox into an image gallery of friends.
Create an open sourced control panel for DNS Failover services.
Qblic is a mobile world photo sharing site.  Photos taken are automatically uploaded and displayed with location data on qblic.com.
Copy and paste your notes, links, images, files between your computers and mobile devices!
CodaKid's online course Mod Creation with Portals and Dimensions teaches kids how to code while creating amazing mods for Minecraft!
Learn Big Data computing in just 8 weeks using Google Dataflow.
removed
WebSafety is an app that empowers parents with the ability to monitor all of their children’s mobile device activity.
I need to market the children's eBooks I've created AND promote my services as developer of medical eBooks, product guides, and more.
x
Cityfrontier is a two-day St. Louis idea-fest bringing together the best minds, concepts, innovators, artists, and iconoclasts from across the region.
We are developing open source apps that use AES  encryption approved by the NSA to protect files on Android smartphones.
SonicPlayer is a new technology for easily broadcasting a seamless television experience via 3G and 4G devices such as mobile phones and the new iPad
Run in a race without physically being at a race using your smart phone's gps.
GOT YOUR BACK is utilizing media and social networking to provide school uniforms for 500 orphans in Haiti.
Mobile Friendly Solution 

to Organize Your Family

#OneFamilyOneAppOnePlan
A tool to visually connect and overview the worlds crucial knowledge - and to easily create your own interactive info-maps.
Sync & Backup Mobile phone Contents to Cloud or Own Computer. Keep your Messages, Contacts, Media, Pictures & documents protected.
Multi-master, multi-slave clustering module for FreeSWITCH supporting automatic failover and call recovery.
Internet Radio Software designed for Live Broadcast & Radio Automation using SHOUTcast, MP3, AAC & WMA technologies.
An Educational resource designed (initially) for Business and Accounting Students in England. Creating an insight whilst students study
Pubtap discovers ideal social venues for you using real-time data & seamlessly automates coordination of your social plans
Postbag is an email application that turns your inbox into an image gallery of friends.
I'm honored to have been invited to give 2 talks at this year's STC Summit, and can't wait to meet a new crowd. Just need some help with travel costs.
The Only Eating-out App You'll Ever Need...find daily specials, read reviews, locate restaurants, make reservations, get rewards...now that's an App! 
We are creating a worldwide website business to business,   create your Company Profile and get a Company Website on Eyaab.
A website/app to report and discuss problems and misinformation on/from websites and to rate and review websites and tech.
We're going to build the best set of Joomla SEO extensions that you've ever seen.
Creating small to medium sized remote controlled/autonomous robots to assist the disabled in their daily lives they can carry with them anywhere.
To provide quality easy to use GPS application for sports enthusiast to hunt and fish legally and know the boundaries.Real time updates
Bounce is a dynamic physics engine. It's design will allow it to adapt as available resources of a systems change.
GeoJotter lets Facebook users effortlessly share their travel adventures through an immersive interface that tells an engaging story.
Snap, Sign and Share. It is a free app that make it easy for you to draw sketches on a picture or canvas and share it with others.
I am creating an online version of the critically acclaimed classroom speed reading experience I have taught for the last 14 years.
A colorful online course for parents to learn guitar or ukulele with their kids. It's so easy a 4 year old could do it!
Cloudpix is a digital asset management tool that simplifies your workflow. It's effortless and intuitive. Just install and go.
Transform your home workout! Sync workout DVDs with friends and exercise in real-time together from anywhere in the world!
Watch Live Video of Your Home or Office from Any Computer Tablet or Smartphone - It takes only several minutes to setup!!!
Tastyeasy™ will remove the language barrier and empower you to control your dining and overall experience while abroad.
Adifine Fit is a Mac and iOS app for Self and Personal Trainers. Keep all your workouts, progress, and notifications in one place.
A new task runner that deploys your apps automatically. Just drag & drop your project folder and wait a sec...
Next generation, visual, online, tree hierarchy, browser based asset and multi project life cycle management systems software.
We are a start-up developing games and experiences for the Oculus Rift which needs to fund 3 'Rift 2' projects that are in development.
A web-based cash register for brick & mortar small businesses.
Learning Minecraft Modding Easily is a simple, easy book for all ages. Where you'll learn the basics and advanced topics of modding.
Use I-phone / Android app to view all Electric/phone/gas/cable etc. services on one screen. , Don't wonder any more if services are on!
Imagine - being able to view profiles as you go, connect with nearby users via webcam almost anywhere in real-time safely!
Anyone with an email autoresponder will be using  SMS Autoresponder 2.0
ProFARS™ increases Public Safety by Directly Connecting Government, Private Sector and Civilian Populations during an Emergency
Predicting unrest proactively with Social Media, rather than reacting to incidents.
The world’s most accessible 3D modeling system for 3D printing, built around a natural two-handed interface.
Create HTML5 web games from within the wildly popular and powerful Unity environment.
We are cloud ERP creators building a MS Access-compatible app so anyone can do what we do without code to help businesses of all sizes.
An e-book and website to teach Apple Swift the new programming language behind the next generation of iOS and OS X apps.
runPlus is a series of indoor running training videos. With runPlus, getting in shape is fun again.
APEXvj TURBO is a next-gen music visualizer for your Windows and Mac computer. It analyses and animates your music in real time!
Velo, once installed on your Apple or Android
device gives your phone and/or tablet the capabilities
of a radar gun.
THIS EPIC DEVELOPMENT WILL GENERATE A NEW LEVEL OF LOVE  AND APPRECIATION FOR THE BOOK OF MORMON!
A mobile app that helps you harness the power of generosity-based networking to grow your business and stand out from the crowd.
Verifiable Open-Source Blockchain Voting Software, Making Voting Honest and Convenient, Once and For All.
University of Footballology is a platform that provides resources to award football enthusiast’s knowledge in professional football
A unique website with simple and fast search for bars, restaurants and accommodation.
It's virtual reality. If you can think it, you'll be able to do it.
Everything and anything you can do in the real world, can be done.
I will be using a quantum random number generator and brain friendly algorithms to show correlations between brain and computers.
Build your business, offices, factories, utilize services and earn in one virtual 3D NEASPACE. Literally! No games!
ProMaxScore self-help and analysis tools to help businesses stay strong and for a long time.
A difficult aspect for our genera is organization of content, we have solved this problem with a logic based composable infrastructure.
TrackLinq BAS is an all in one user friendly services application focused on providing a robust tracking and data linking solution.
Add Your Language To Our Schedule: Spanish, Vietnamese, Chinese, Latin, French, German, Cherokee, Russian, Japanese, Sanskrit, Korean..
Cloud-Clout is the world’s most reliable and secure cloud-powered data storage system (software/application) on the market today.
Cuisine EPOS aims to revolutionise the mundane task of restaurant EPOS operation. Cuisine EPOS gives a restauranter the full package.
We want to make real a dream,a step forward in technology,Yu-Gi-Oh Evolution duels with the world,becomes the king and controls monster
Speech-to-text software that uses your actual voice to increase speed and accuracy.
A service platform for your mobile, desktop and web application. Flexible Pub/Sub Real-Time Messaging. Storage & History of messages.
Ever have a cool idea for a game? Ever wish there was software that would help you build it? Wish no more my friends -- otrera.com
An international network of websites made by people to talk about places. Join us and start your personal project!
Raise more fund by adding approximate amount in other currencies in your rewards! Cool?
This App will generate the contents for you.
Solving a problem for a lot of very frustrated people.
Ignite the spark is a non-for-profit social network and mentorship platform to create entrepreneurs connecting mentors globally.
Sunsed Blogging Platform
A new age therapeutic interactive app. That can be used anytime anywhere by anyone seeking peace of mind and seeking serenity
Kbrsh is an application for generating shipment address labels of Kickstarter projects
We are developing kernels to make Android (4.4) compatible with iOS devices. We need a bit more equipment to get there.
Say hello to TikiOne Steam Cleaner native version (goodbye Java!).
Steam Cleaner helps you to remove crap left by Steam games.
Web cam motion detector can email video.Web server allows remote access via ddns.
Immersive website and app designed to support teachers in coding and digital education for the new national curriculum
Track your games/players with this Smartphone app
SUBZ is already available on Android. Back us bring it to the iPhone/iPad!
Everyone should have the Freedom to Build Whatever they Want On the Internet - Quickly, Easily and with Zero Programming Expertise.
Analyse your whole website with Google's pagespeed Insights at once and with just one click!
HBrowser is a wonderful media program with so many cool tools. Works perfect with Win 7, 8, Mac & Linux with WineBottler style wraps.
Project is cancelled !!!
The world's 1st  ever FUN, Easy-to-use & Simple ENGLISH program designed to maximize English learning and fluency. -Globally
SHORT BLURB:  We have revolutionized the retail experience. Purchases are finalized directly from shelves, eliminating checkout lines.
Just swipe to cast your Vote on Key Political Issues!
We are passionate about inspiring others to do great things. Quite Giant is producing a technology to help charites raise $$$ quickly.
Building an Interactive Web App that takes the dining experience to the next level.
FFXIV automated support file for all class, side, and main quests 1-50.
a platform that you can make your very own mobile app. as simple as flappy bird or complicated like facebook! it'd be matter of clicks
CDNPAL search engine aims to provide a new way to organize the web. It's a fresh departure from Rankdex and Pagerank algorithms
Help fund the launch of the V∆Delta cross platform modular programming system and contribute to the system design.
...
The create an open-source music production site using the Open Source Music System Software shown on this page.
Have you seen the show Shark-Tank, and wanted to get in on some of the great products you see. Now with capitalwrangler.com you can!
Winner of the UK Security Innovation - Digital Entrepreneur Awards 2013. Secure online storage, encrypted file sharing & messaging.
Online yoga service with on demand video classes for people that can't or won't go to the yoga studio. Yoga for everybody, everywhere.
Stats2Leads is a lead generation tool that is designed to reveal the identity of your unknown website visitors.
EOD allows viewers to shop, purchase and receive products or services within streaming videos…all without leaving the broadcast.
Online reservations service that helps venues 'securitize' booking. Guests promise to meet terms, & get great seats in return!
An Educational eReader and Learning Analytics Engine for iOS and Android to Help Teachers & Students
I am going to develop a new web browser that's lightweight and open source. This is my first project and I can't wait to get started.
Office hours with industry professionals for career advice
A mobile application for disaster situations, to use to inform our relatives of our safety and be warned of nearby disaster
Dietitians can easily manage their business. They can stay connected,  attract, retain and delight more customers.
I-Chute is a subscription service to supply a data recovery solution to subscribers should they lose the data on their mobile device.
Everything you need to manage your business, collaborate with your teams and work closer with your clients, all from one place!
Niear is changing how transportation is shared by connecting car owners with drivers. Find a car near you.
This technology allows for the transmission of files over a network in a completely undetectable manor.
Connect your Android Smartphone for large screen HDMI 1080p viewing; also text, tweet, post & make/take phone calls at the same time!
The ebay of games
Developing an Exclusive Financial Software worth anyone's time, literally.
User friendly software that allows people to compare healthcare pricing in their area.
If you have own business — ask Cybersyn Logic, and, Artificial Intelligence give answer for you and give all data for your business!
The cloud you've been looking for. Born & Bred in the ATL.
We are privacy advocates determined to provide people with a better search engine that does not invade your privacy.
PFDA is an add-on service to your digital bank account fedd from your live bank transactions to help you with your personal finances.
JobCommunicator is the INSTANT mobile connection between Job Seekers and Hiring Companies. Get Noticed to make getting a Job Easier!
This extension is for Quark Xpress for PC users.
PublicBuddy's users can capture and administer data (location, images, audio, video, text) through Mobile App on iOS & Android devices.
Well, I'm currently an Electrical Engineer but my passion is programming, I am looking to either remake the Pokemon series from GB
Automate the cash conversion cycle process with OIKOS Software's Treasury Suite of cloud-based products. No more unreliable data.
We want kids and teens to have a safer and easier way to communicate. We want to create an all in one media for socializing.
DataGateKeeper: First Encryption Software Engineered to Defeat Hacking Programs, Granting Superior Data Protection & Cloud Storage
Imagine a tool that enabled the business owner or marketing consultant to manage their entire marketing efforts in one location.
Basil is a comprehensive and intuitive programming language for newcomers and programming veterans alike.
I would like to start a pay by month service that gives small to medum business to have an affordable way to have a P.O.S. system.
Innovative method for linking every website in the world through video, voting, and discussing any issue through our innovative uframes
Relive the popular operativsystem XP!
TBA
Recovering data from 5.25" Apple diskettes from approximately 1984 for family of deceased parents that made them.
Tri-FAQ.com provides expert Q&A and interactive training content for triathletes around the world.
Duplicate folder finder and remover, released as freeware source included. VB.NET(admin rights req.(easier)).
Provide support in exchange for getting support! We create values money can`t buy: creativity and relationships built on 
trust.
its TRONIC.Writing code is interactive and fun, the syntax is concise yet expressive, and apps run lightning-fast
"Just Say" - a program that allows people with disabilities, the elderly, and all of us will be able to send and receive voice message.
I want to start a Kickstarter page for my new technology company. But I need to hire a designer.
With many backers, we can pressure Samsung to release the bootloader sourcecode. The money will be used to develop a 64-bit bootloader.
Improving how we conclude business matters with electronic signature technology
Het ontzorgen van de klant (Alere = Latijn: zorgen voor) een one stop shop en single point of contact voor de klant op het gebied van d
From Sprocket Power to Torsion power, The pedals now become Power Strokes making "riding for runners" the best choice.
Post 1 time and Social Squire auto-publishes to your post to your Facebook, Linkedin, Twitter, Google+ and Pinterest accounts!
Mit dem Lesezeichenprogramm kann man übersichtlich und einladend seine Lieblingsserien zusammentragen
As with all dreams, there is a beginning . . .
New marketplace to get the economy going into small business!
The money spend will stay in it's States/Province!
Creating jobs!
The smart fault reporting system for tenants, landlords, property agents & engineers
Helping People who have attempted to save money, achieve greater success.
Creating an app that will allow me to activate google now voice search/siri from a simple app from the pebble
HideMyPin provides an innovative method to store, retrieve and assign online secret information such as login or credit card details.
Your work & personal desktops can follow you everywhere. Back our project to get your own at a fraction of the retail price!
FindADownload is the first and only file-searching engine built on-top of Google. Oh, and it's free.
A java application to simulate and analyse TCP/IP communication using an easy drag&drop gui with simple extensible building blocks.
A forum and database of driver reviews/info with subject channels (relationship and job interview tips & buy and sell) funding KIVA.
Everyone forgets passwords... what if you had multiple passwords, but a "master" password that could control all the little ones?
LowEHR is a electronic health records and medical practice management application that can run on Windows, Linux, Mac OS X, and cloud.
Prevent us, our loved-ones & small businesses from falling prey to  fraudsters & hackers
With the funds collected and personal funds saved, I would hire a unique team of developers from trusted source to put idea into motion
A restaurant review system that validates reviews via device GPS and requires a specific visit time to be included with the review.
A fully open source and self hosted secure remote support server and client. Completely free and open source.
Free thinking Artificial Intelligence software as a Digital Life Assistant (DLA) self transferring between devices.
Powerful yet simple technology platform with PHP, Solr, Cassandra and Redis in a micro-services architecture featuring Ramen Recipes!
