You've heard about "Hollywood South," right? Why not, Broadway South, "Broadway-New Orleans"  professional productions.
We're looking to start a theatre group in our area of Shropshire, to bring the community together, raise funds and to entertain.
To promote a hands-on musical theater experience in the arts to all children regardless of race, age, income or level of experience.
portable cabaret style performance opportunities to connect Rockford area artists and entertainers with locally owned businesses
An amazing new christmas show, with love, laughter and sheer calculated silliness.
The Kingdom of Chen is a great novel!!! We are going on an Australian tour with musicals, concerts, speaking engagements, and more!!!
This would be a new way to watch television. It would be able to let the user see the videos in three dimensions and beyond.
An epic new MUSICAL based on AYN RAND'S novella"ANTHEM"
A Musical about 3 women who pursue their Pleasure and end up finding themselves.
M,L,S&R it's a sexy rock/pop musical confronting contemporary gay issues with an all male cast singing and dancing to top 40 songs.
Our musical is finally ready to come to life, and we're raising funds to help make that happen!
We are a brand new theatrical teen production company, and we need enough money to put on our first musical production.
Looking for $250 sponsors to help us provide in-house field trips to schools focusing on character development shows for children K-3.
An exploration of arts, dance, music and theater bought to you by a talented team of performing arts enthusiasts - a FUNdraising event
Det nystartede vækstlagsteater Nørrebro Musicalteater's hårrejsende opsætning af horror-musicalen "Sweeney Todd"!
Hopefully a successful Campaign will bring this original musical back to the stage for performances on 26th, 27th and 28th May 2016.
Help us record the concept album and stage grand concerts with a fantastic cast and orchestra. Get your tickets, music and more!
Encouraging young males to engage in vocational development in the art of musical theater and related dance classes.
Theatre ‘Portable’ Royal is a portable, fully working, 40 seater theatre which will tour the UK and beyond!
With Russell Grant as Mrs Meers, this classic musical taps into London's Theatro Technis 1-25 October 2014 for its UK fringe premiere!
All donations help my one man show in New York. They supply rehearsal space, musician fees & videographer. All help is appreciated!
A new musical and cautionary tale for the Apple Generation. Two graduates sell their souls for a fast- track to glamour and happiness.
¡OSO FABULOSO & THE BEAR BACKS! 
BOOK & LYRICS BY J. JULIAN CHRISTOPHER
MUSIC BY STEVE SCLAFANI
Support local theater and a new company for emerging artists in LA!
Surrey Youth Music Theatre need your help to bring the music of Les Miserables to life on stage with our 18 piece Orchestra
In our production of Tosca, we're going to move the entire audience from one location, to another, to a third. Sounds crazy, but it...
Be part of history in helping to launch the next "Rocky Horror" and "Hedwig".  It's a wild, fun & scary, sexy sci-fi glam rock musical!
Four women.  A six piece rock band. The story of axe murderer Lizzie Borden. This, is LIZZIE.
Like dark humor, massive blood splatter, and musical parodies? At the Alley Theater we are looking to bring the Evil Dead to life!
Help us launch the best little theatre company in all of Georgia!  This talented group has struck out on our own.  Help launch us!
Seagulls is a world premiere, indie-rock musical loosely based on Anton Chekhov's The Seagull.
Her show is expanding and so are its needs! Help Carolann get to Broadway, so she can inspire millions of people to live their dreams!
"Here" is a new folk/classical musical. An original story based upon the Cumbrian years German artist Kurt Schwitters at the end of WW2
Staging a musical about love, anger, pizza, and presidents written by two high school seniors from Iowa. Kinda crazy, right?
A one-man play with music,Catch 23 proves that happy are those who dream dreams, and are ready to pay the price to make them come true.
"JAWZ THE MUSICAL - in 3D!" is on it's way to Hollywood, but this special cast has some very special needs…and, for only $20 !
Godspell in Ben Lomond Dec. 4-14! The perennial favorite with a score by Stephen Schwartz featuring amazing local Thespians ages 11-68.
It's me. Jackie. Let's jump on in!
It's kids, urban kids, Title One public school kids, 5th grade kids who just discovered the geeky coolness of theatre putting on ANNIE.
Help us raise funds to mount our upcoming production of "I Love You, You're Perfect, Now Change!"
Raising additional funds to help offset the $1 million of production costs required to REOPEN this critically acclaimed show in NYC.
Play a vital role in telling the unsung story of America's First Openly Gay Pop Star at the International Human Rights Arts Festival
National Pastime, El Musical, México,  es una puesta en escena de Albert Tapper y Tony Sportiello, bajo la dirección de Mauricio Cedeño
Arise of Hanover PA is putting on a free show for the community.  Help us as we perform one of the most beloved musicals of all time!
Presenting Canyon High School Theatre's Spring Musical 2017, PIPPIN! Please support the arts by donating what you can!
We hope to use projection technology for Les Miserables, partially because our historic venue has little room backstage for scenery.
It's gonna be the best musical.  It'll have the best people.  With the best songs.  And the best story. Tremendous.  BELIEVE ME.
Bringing exciting musical theatre to Liverpool! Support our student production of 'Spring Awakening' @ The Stanley Theatre 2017!
A personal narrative, with universal appeal. Driven by projections as if the actor was in a room with their own subconscious.
I am undertaking a musical play, the script is written (yet never finished) and the music is four songs in! Taking a part in theatre!
An adaptation of Notre Dame de Paris with an injection of Vietnamese culture and social context
Who Prefers Pandemonium? is an original, farcical musical inspired by sources like Gilbert and Sullivan and Pirates of the Caribbean.
The goal is to bring contemporary theater to our small town. The small scale of this show will work perfectly in our intimate space.
Vi håller på att skriva en musikal och förbereder en produktion med 12 föreställningar i Kulturhus Tandla Skola. Premiär 29 september.
Ayúdanos a desarrollar esta obra de teatro musical, divertida, dramática, romántica  y con mucha fantasía.
Charlottesville's Newest Theater Company presents its Inaugural Production, the Broadway hit musical, [title of show].
"Hit Her with the Skates" is a new musical created by Rick Briskin & Christine Rea.  Original, whimsical and heart warming.
Patrick Bateman LIVE on stage! Bring a raincoat.
A play within a play (within a play?) The "Inception" of backyard musicals. With great power comes... little to no responsibility.
Twisters, trains and titans collide in this make-it-yourself musical. Join the quest where gods and monsters rule the Wild (mid)-West.
"X Files: The Musical" is a joyful celebration and parody, staged in a backyard in Lincoln, Nebraska. Community theater at its best.
Be a part of bringing to life a unique theatrical experience at the Historic Great Star Theater in the heart of San Francisco.
Six seasons of TV's most beloved sci-fi drama packed into one night of hilarious musical absurdity.
TwentySomething Productions are taking 6 - a new musical and The Platform concert series to Edinburgh Fringe Festival 2014!
Mad Hatter Productions' first original musical 'The Downfall of the School', is being adapted for a live concert recording on Dec 19th!
A musical by Alexander Sage Oyen and Mike Kutner about two retired superhero sidekicks, called on to save the world. Reading @NYMF!
Lady Layton's Kick Starter Merchandise & Big Band campaign..needs YOU! Help me kick start my tour & career with much needed merchandise
A fantastic feminist fairytale in four part harmony, premiering at the Edinburgh Festival Fringe this August 2014
A ground-breaking new production of the beloved musical performed simultaneously in Spoken English and American Sign Language (ASL).
The Wolves of Chernobyl is a studio recording project, theatrical production and a scripted podcast in a post-apocalyptic world.
A rollicking new musical horror-comedy, filled with saucy antics, doomed romance, toe-tapping tunes and macabre merriment.
A Halloween/Horror themed theatrical experience combining dance, music, magic, puppets, multimedia & special effects. A visual feast!
First reading of a new musical featuring the songs of the Violent Femmes, one of the most popular alternative rock bands of the 1980's.
THE VIVIAN GIRLS is a musical by Stacy Sims, Peter Adams and Heather Britt that is inspired by the work of outsider artist Henry Darger.
A musically improvised show featuring hit karaoke songs, improvised with entirely original lyrics: Off-Broadway at Davenport Theatre!
This Hallowe’en, witness a faithful re-telling of the classic gothic novel during a night at the opera like no other.
Indie music meets musical theater and film in this dark retelling of the classic fairy tale.
"Jasper in Deadland" tells the story of 16-year-old Jasper, who loses his best friend Agnes and travels into the afterlife to find her.
Oedipus The Musical takes the classic Greek tragedy and re-imagines it as a comedy for a modern audience.
A new musical about a young girl who disappears without a trace, her father’s struggle to find her, and ultimately, himself.
Improvised, immersive, interactive musical about the history of the world? How on earth is that supposed to work? (Hint: it does!)
A musical about Florida by Roy Nathanson & Lloyd H. Miller featuring the Jazz Passengers. A tale of foreclosure, family, and love.
The amazing, sort-of-true story of John Broadus Watson, father of Behaviorism and modern advertising: with singing, dancing rats!
A reading of a new musical, which tells the story of architect Daniel Burnham, serial killer H.H. Holmes and the1893 World's Fair.
Join the team to help 11th Hour Theatre Company bring their 1st WORLD PREMIERE MUSICAL to Philadelphia this March!
Help us bring our wacky new space-age musical to the New York Fringe Festival!
Exorcistic-Winner of "Best Musical" at the Hollywood Fringe 2013 wants to continue it's life at the Sacred Fools Theater Company in LA
Deep Love is headed to the moon! (Via Oregon) Buy CDs, DVDs and get ticket info here. See how you can be a part of the journey!
Join us in making a documentary of our groundbreaking musical theatre program for high school students.
Pineapple-Shaped Lamps and Guerilla Theatre return with another must see production, Cannibal! The Musical.
In this musical love letter to the fandom experience, three outsiders find purpose, meaning & each other, all thanks to cartoon ponies.
Musical theatre adaptation (plus DVD & cast recording) of a 1950s-style monster movie staged live on July 21-24, 2016 in Menomonie, WI.
Gig meets theatre meets a tidal wave of glitter. A poetically joyous musical exploring the beautiful complexity of mental health.
A star-studded gala at Theatre Royal Drury Lane to celebrate the songs of Stephen Sondheim - a not-to-be-missed spectacular
We're creating & filming the opening song to Burning Man: The Musical.
Broadway or bust! From nutty Hollywood types to drag queens to dancing sandwiches, this musical has it all.
A new spy-themed comedy musical from the Tin Can Brothers and TalkFine coming to Los Angeles and YouTube.
What would you do if you discovered your great grandfather's long-lost opera? Help us resurrect "Andina" for the world to finally see!
A rollicking musical joining Roaring Twenties Queer NYC with Lewis Carroll's Alice books -  performing Feb/Mar 2016.
Help send our show to FringeNYC!  A story of two best friends and their escape from the treacherous storybook world of Death Forest.
The Best of Boston Burlesque bring you the Apocalyptic Lesbian Fringe Sci-Fi Horror Musical of the century!
What happens when the world of musical theatre meets the most terrifying and destructive alien in all cinema history?
The music of Tom Waits, a wild, whiskey-soaked underworld, a spectral band,  and the living memories of a troubled man.
A new music theater piece that explores the complexities of queer love using the words of Tennessee Williams set to original music.
We're recording an album for the new musical, Song of Solomon, starring Broadway vets Ramin Karimloo, Alison Luff, Alexander Gemignani!
Title of Show was a Broadway hit, and now it is brought to you in a new production by Exeter-based theatre company Dot-to-Dot.
Bring "First You Jump" - a surreal and darkly comic new musical play by Eva Moon - to the stage for its world premiere.
In a city laden with prejudice & discrimination, we are speaking out against the plight through the powerful language of music theater.
Gideon & Hubcap are taking their show to the largest arts festival in the world, The Edinburgh Festival Fringe, this summer in Scotland
The award-winning Civilians theater company is producing a new musical about porn, inspired by real-life stories.
A completely new way of understanding, performing and producing an opera play. It arrives on site, it opens up and the show can begin!
Summer Valley Fair is the great hope that even without uploading, we can sing ourselves into existence.
Support Young Activist in their involvement in The Liberty Tree
A song cycle of ‘snapshot stories’ woven together with original music written by Ryan Scott Oliver & photographs by Matthew Murphy.
The Reign of Donald Trump is upon us. In a new Dark Comedy / Musical, Emperor Nero uses his power to seek everything that he desires.
An aspiring singer decides to get her heart broken 100 times to be sad enough for country music.
Det klassiske eventyret i en sjarmerende musikalversjon for liten og stor!
In a world on the brink of destruction due to climate change, one hero rises from the depths of the sea to save the day - THE WATERMAN!
Musical theater production and score soundtrack album for SNOW WHITE SEQUEL. The rest of the story you think you know.
"Tomorrow, Maybe" a new British musical is looking for funding to support its professional launch.
An official selection of the New York Musical Theatre Festival, set in Storyville, New Orleans at the dawn of jazz.
Dixon Place + HARUNALEE theater company present an original musical based on the Inuit myth of the ravenous goddess Sedna.
A Broadway concert presentation of BOMBSHELL – the Marilyn Monroe musical from the TV series SMASH created by Theresa Rebeck.
A comedy about a young liberal intern named Hope Roosevelt who takes on corporate media bias, conspiracy, and romance at Fox News.
Adapted from the recent biography, 'Eternal Troubadour,' TINY is a lovingly realized portrayal of the musical icon, Tiny Tim.
Firebringer is a new musical from StarKid Productions that will premiere during the StarKid Summer Season 2016 with your help!
One of the most successful professional theaters in Nashville needs a new home. Help us get it!
A progressive new musical about Adam & Eve, a demon named Lilith and the questions we're forced to ask when we lose our first love...
I am producing a new musical that discusses mental illness to help raise awareness and defeat stigmas associated with it.
The cast of Spring Awakening has a chance to perform on the Tonys, but we need your help! Help show the world this beautiful show.
Comedy pop-musical following four 90s girls embarking on a wild night of speed dating. Witness dating before the takeover of Tinder.
(Wo)men Rule Broadway is a live theatrical show in which women perform songs and roles originally written for men.
Moonshoes Productions presents "Marvel-less", a comedic parody musical featuring the massive Marvel Universe bursting onto the stage.
All funds over the goal will go towards hiring local Panamanian artists to create the specialized costumes needed for this show.
Songs of the Fall is an original pop/ rock musical with a fresh take on the story of Adam and Eve.
Into the Sun follows the story of three young English friends - and their lovers - as they march off to the trenches of WWI.
"Afraid of Karma" is an avant-garde multimedia show about overcoming the tragic loss of Hannah Engle, who was killed by a drunk driver.
Coraline The New Musical based on the novel Written by Neil Gaiman with a thrilling new script and score. Submitting this show to NYMF.
Help Kickstart 'Muted', a brand new British musical to come to London's newest and exciting theatre, 'The Bunker' in December 2016.
Students of UMass Amherst are itching to tell this story to the Pioneer Valley, please help us raise funds to put on this project!
Please support our fundraising efforts for our upcoming production of Urinetown the Musical!
West Side Story embodies the tragic results of choosing intolerance and hate.   Choose diversity and tolerance over hate & division.
To commission and develop an original music suite for a DVD of my show which I have been presenting for forty years throughout the UK
An original musical comedy of love, life and undeath.
A new dinner theater show that will have you "dying" with laughter! A Truffle Industry Murder Mystery, with sweet jazz & "delish" food!
Brand new concert extravaganza celebrating Hollywood's most iconic songs. Performed LIVE by a kick-ass band and West End vocalists!
The Wedding at Cana: scripture comes alive in an all-sung musical performed as Catholic dinner theater! You are an honored guest!
Brand new rock musical hitting the Fringe this August.
Exeter University Footlights presents Evita at the Exeter Northcott Theatre, 28th-31st January.
A Platform for up-and-coming musical theatre writers featuring Broadway's brightest stars!
This play with songs looks at friendship and family, the gift of sobriety and just what constitutes a miracle—or a good country song.
Scrooge and the Seven Dwarves: The one person who can save Christmas is the one man who hates it most of all.
The Hurricane is a new musical comedy based on Shakespeare's The Tempest set on Fire Island. Debuting at FringeNYC in August.
Help us bring NATALIE: A NEW MUSICAL to life!
Delve into the world of what happened for fairy tale characters, once they're fairytale was up. What story is next on the cards?
Join our journey, let your imaginations run wild and become part of the enchanted adventure of Seussical the Musical!
The story of one woman's journey to sexual freedom through the literature of Harry Potter returns to the stage once more @Manhattan Rep
FIERCE is ready to produce their second full-length, completely student-run, killer musical! Join us in getting Once On this Island up!
A musical comedy about a bunch of people in a yoga class. Like a one night stand: it's crude, crass, and will leave you sad.
Tremendous experience.
Help us bring this musical theater meets feminist-take-on-pop-culture mashup to life at Port Fringe Theater Festival in June 2016!
ALLEGED LESBIAN ACTIVITIES is a denim-clad, glitter-crusted power-ballad performance of the vanishing history of New Orleans dyke bars.
Parade Theatre Company and RHUL MTS present their Edinburgh Fringe 2016 production of Jason Robert Brown's The Last Five Years
Midvale Main Street Theatre would like to raise $2500 for the production of the music for 'The Rocky Horror Show' playing this October.
A new British musical. A dark comedy about resurrections, second chances and the healing power of show at King's Head Theatre, London.
Follow the tale of 3 kids, living an amazing Hamilton dream, who want to bring YOU the experience in an online or hardback zine.
Young actors in grades 6-12 are working hard on the first musical at Patrick Henry High School in almost 20 years!
Based on the play by Ibsen, "A Doll’s House: A New Opera" brings the world of Nora Helmer to life like you’ve never heard it before.
Support the development of a musical that races across the color line in America featuring the music of jazz trumpeter Donald Byrd.
A comedy about sex, disco and loneliness.
Thumbelina -  recital in the form of a musical. All students will act, sing, dance, play classical piano pieces solo and in ensemble.
A 2015 original pop musical about life and family from a father's eyes, debuting the weekend before Father's Day on June 13 in SLC, UT.
We are developing an amazing play full of songs, dancing and acting done by a very talented cast and crew! Help support our dream!
A new musical comedy that exposes the wacky sensuous world of the muscle bear.  It's now not enough to be gay.  To go far...go fur!
Musical Cafe needs your help to produce our popular musical theatre showcases of works-in-progress from SF Bay Area artists.
In October 2014 Tooting Arts Club will present Stephen Sondheim's Sweeney Todd in the oldest Pie and Mash Shop in London!
A Greek 90’s Rock-Musical Tragi-Comedy that explores Celebrity Culture, the plays of Sophocles, and the decade that changed MTV!
Help us promote the western regional premiere of the Tony Award-winning musical THE BOY FROM OZ presented by Landmark Musical Theatre!
Help launch an Equity Showcase production in New York City of a new musical with a hopeful perspective on recovery from addiction!
We are producing the DC premiere of an amazing musical, 35MM: A Musical Exhibition this July at the 2016 Capital Fringe Festival!
BBP creates free outdoor musical theater in Dayton, MN. In our new location we desperately need to build a stage to get off the dirt!
The Maple Shade Summer Theatre for kids was funded through state grants until now. We need you to keep it alive with the Arts Council.
Please help us raise money to take our hilarious musical satire about eastern European immigrants to the Edinburgh Fringe 2015!
MIGHTY REAL,The New SYLVESTER Musical, is coming to Broadway and we need your help! Go to www.FabulousSylvester.com and DONATE TODAY!
We are orchestrating and recording a CD for the musical "The Watersong". (Think Wicked meets Godspell, with a dash of Julie Andrews.)
REDDI HIGH is an original musical written by tweens, teens and their teacher! World Premiere Off Broadway this December NYC!
Help CCT bring animation and life to the stage as Dorothy and her friends travel the yellow brick road to meet the Wizard of Oz.
Our ten minute musical about the worst girl scout of all time, Baked Goods, has been selected for the 2015 Sound Bites Festival!
Help us take our brand new show about Marie Curie to the Edinburgh Fringe and complete our award-winning musical comedy Scientrilogy!
Broadway Professionals at Broadway Arts Lab Company (501c3) give back to local young performers with Elf Jr.
First dates are awkward, especially if all your exes are there. Unfortunately for Kris and Jude, the new government requires it by law.
The brainchild of Coleman Peterson and Janice Gilbert.  The funding will be used to professionally record the songs.
This year, we will be producing the cult classic Little Shop of Horrors with your proceeds going towards venue and production costs.
Chess. Betrayal. Blueberry yoghurts. "Pawn" - a new musical by Oxford students - needs funding to go to the Edinburgh Fringe!
The Happiest Show on Earth is a Disney musical revue to benefit the Make-A-Wish foundation. Funds for production needed.
Musikdramatisk teater opført første gang af indsatte jødiske børn og voksne i Theresienstadt i 1943 og 45.
Comedy: Eve & Adam eat the apple, time warp with the Animals to the Big Apple. Backers $25+ receive their name in libretto dedication!
The Musical Theatre Society at Goldsmiths University are putting on a production of Little Shop of Horrors and they need your help!!
Whitehall Theatre is a non-profit Theatre Company based in Kingston, Ontario. Creating unique theatre opportunities for ages 16-30.
Dust off your dictionary and prepare yourselves for the spelling challenge of a lifetime.
The hilarious and heartfelt new musical about finding where you belong. Be a part of sharing this story with the world.
As she walks the Camino, a woman of a certain age poses questions about her life and is answered by an unlikely cast of characters.
HELP US GO BACK TO SCHOOL....AGAIN
We need your pledges to capture the songs from Cool Rider for a limited edition recording!
Help create a new play about a pioneering policewoman that challenges stereotypes and stimulates dialogue about the role of the police
What happens when the queen of darkness decides that she would rather be the queen of light?
Two brothers are lost in the wood and need money to fund their show to get home. Send help! University of MN Production by 1 broke kid.
We're doing a concert of our rock 'n' roll Christmas Carol musical! Please help us pay for musicians, actors, rehearsals, and more!
What does it look like to live with mental illness? Join this family's journey in the contemporary musical about life, love and coping.
We need your help! A quality Demo of our original music is the next step in getting this new musical off of the page & onto the stage!
Deadites! Chainsaws! Boomsticks! Musical theatre? Help Out of Box Theatre fund the Atlanta premiere of Evil Dead: The Musical!
A high school student-written original musical about a team of retired middle-aged superheroes called back in action one last time.
Help us make the journey through cyberspace in this new musical! An Official Selection of the 2014 New York Musical Theatre Festival.
Help us develop our wickedly funny musical theatre parody of Game of Thrones for the Adelaide Fringe Festival in February 2017!
Thank you for the support that covers our royalties.  Please check the updates to see our continued goals and rewards!
I am thrilled to announce my theater company's first production! "The Last Five Years"- J. Robert Brown. Starring myself and JP Jones.
A new Musical by Adjoa Skinner & Lynn Maxcy about two sisters dealing with the death of their father & the circus he leaves behind.
The Last Berplonza, a brand new musical, produced by Lady Grey Theatrical. ONE NIGHT ONLY, Jan 23 @ The 14th Street Y. 8:00pm Curtain.
Help me get my one woman comedy cabaret, The Rogues Gallery, to The Hollywood Fringe Fest in June!  Ex boyfriends, BEWARE!
We put a spin on show tunes!
An original action adventure comedy musical with an all-star cast, a queer sensibility, and tunes fit for a vintage Bond movie in drag
Pearland Little Theatre was created to provide musical theatre opportunities to the youth of Pearland. Help us put on our first show!
A surreal musical theatre experience. A trailer park prodigy, forsakes everything when the visage of Salvador Dalí haunts him.
Let's make opera enjoyable and accessible to a modern audience, and provide performance opportunities for talented Arizona singers.
A show created & performed by Sex Workers & Friends locally & globally, breaking stigma & stereotypes through theatre, dance & song.
“HOW TO GIVE BIRTH TO A RABBIT” is a collection of songs and musical compositions performed at this July's Capital Fringe Festival.
Weed Shop is a brand-new musical comedy by Becca Grumet & Madelyne Heyman, opening Oct. 28 at the Eclectic Company Theatre!
A new musical by Don Chaffer of Waterdeep and Chris Cragin-Day. (Also, a new album of the songs in the musical from Waterdeep.)
SOTA is producing Joseph this winter. Kids ages 5-18 will bring this charming and funny musical to life! We need $ for costumes/set!
The project is a live stage production, a tribute to St. Augustine’s own jazz singer, Debbie McDade, featuring Mama Blue.
In every age mankind attempts to fabricate great works at once magnificent... and impossible.
Aiming to celebrate and commemorate Hugh Moynihan on his first anniversary with a tribute production of Man of La Mancha.
Support the performing arts! Help Canyon High School's production of "Dirty Rotten Scoundrels" reach our new goal of $3000!
A steampunk inspired, pop/rock musical adaptation of H.C. Andersen’s fairy tale adventure @ The 2014 New York Musical Theater Festival!
A musical about a 35-year-old kindergarten teacher who decides to run for president, because how hard could that be?
THE LAST TIME WE WERE HERE needs to go THERE: Send us to NYC!
Love bridges the divide when Liela's true nature threatens Lefty's left-handed empire. A story about saving happily-ever-after.
She&Her Productions present Into the Woods March 11-26 2016.
An original new musical about the intense and turbulent life journey of Mexican artist Frida Kahlo.
A original family friendly Pantomime for the younger audience filled with drama, dance & song and lots of interaction.
A dark comedy about two girls, one knee, and the 1994 Olympics. Help us make sure "Tonya and Nancy" rocks!
EUROBEAT - a whole new hilarious musical contest with 10 countries all desperate to become the winners of this year's competition!
Scrooge is transformed into a loving gentler soul when Jacob Marley and Three Ghosts pay him a visit on Christmas Eve.
Help Fandom Musicals perform the sequel to our most popular show at the Buddies In Bad Times Theatre in Toronto this Fall!
Giant man-eating plants have destroyed Canyon. Help us rebuild and create awareness to prevent this incident from happening again.
We're creating a stage show for Steve Brosky based on the songs he's written over the past 30 years in Pennsylvania's Lehigh Valley.
A snotty, surreal, rip-snorting yarn for all the family!
A new musical about a boy coming of age and coming out in 1960s Oklahoma, fostering appreciation for all kinds of love.
Fifteen performers, ages of 8-15, will be creating and performing a show inspired by the soundtrack for 'Guardians of the Galaxy'.
Han한 is a new original musical about the Korean comfort women which is being developed at Goldsmith, University of London.
Outreach programme with Diversity Role Models and Stonewall to accompany new musical to Coventry,Brighton & Richmond from Sept 2015
Immersive, environmental staging of Green Day's AMERICAN IDIOT in a warehouse venue of Downtown Los Angeles' Arts District.
Support 'Gone Missing', presented through Studio 301 Productions!
A new musical for children. Desert Islands, Evil Artists, A tribe of kids, Paintings, Songs, Dance......... and a talking dog.
The 7th & 8th grade burgeoning actors, singers, and designers hope to produce Beauty and the Beast this school year!
The story of Naughty Nickers of The Bloolips and his loves and life as a Person With AIDS since 1981. "Funny, poignant, full of joy!"
A new story told entirely through original folk music, set in an opium den in the 1890s and inspired by classic myths and fairy tales.
Christian Theatre company in the North West who's mission is to re tell The Bible stories in a contemporary way for young people!
Archangel Community Theatre is a family friendly, pre-professional and educational theatre in West Austin.
Ambition is a musical exploration of three forgotten killer women from American history.
Students work to put together a show from start to finish. We will license, produce, direct, and act in Stephen Schwartz's Godspell.
Brunch: The Musical. 
Student ran production and a unique and great opportunity for students to work, further education and grow.
A brand new song cycle musical that explores the theme of identity, and asks the enduring question - can people ever really change?
Gentlemen Prefer Blondes is a delightfully quirky classic musical, brought to you by Royal Holloway's Musical Theatre Society.
Gloria - The Musical is a family friendly, romantic comedy.  Using the history of the theater as the backdrop.
The hit Holiday Musical...FINALLY coming to CD!
Help bring "Peace On Your Wings", an original musical tween drama inspired by the life of Sadako Sasaki to the stage!
A Live stage production based on a chapter of the life of "Elvis" & his impact on the music world, Aimed towards the REAL Elvis fans!
A Tony and Drama Desk award-winning musical kicking off this February 2016 at The University of Toronto's Mississauga campus.
A steampunk sung-through musical - singing, dancing, and dead people. Get The Dolls of New Albion to the Edinburgh Fringe for 2014!
Help bring Dr. Frank-n-Furter and the gang to downtown Pittsburgh in this exciting production of the Rocky Horror Show
A sneering tribute to early variety television specials of the 1950s and 60s, presented as a "live broadcast" holiday extravaganza!
Ya got trouble! Right here in River City! Help mount Trinity Player's production of The Music Man.
Help us produce a hit two-man musical about a musical about Johannes Gutenberg to the University of Michigan! Music! Comedy! Fun!
FIERCE is a student-run organization that provides performance opportunities and increases awareness of the arts in our community.
Our new musical is ready for the Edinburgh Fringe Festival but our bank accounts are not. We're asking you, our audience, to help us!
York will produce Bock & Harnick's ROTHSCHILD & SONS, an intimate re-imagining of the 9-time Tony nominated musical The Rothschilds.
An original new musical about a young folk band at the start of the First World War. Premiering at the Edinburgh Festival Fringe 2015.
Be a part of the magic of Poison Apple by helping Peter Pan's voice reach our audience with our first ever microphone system!
We are raising funds to purchase sound equipment for our upcoming summer show and future shows with our growing theater company.
This fall, Stumptown becomes Humptown, as A Touch Too Much brings "Showgirls the Musical" to Portland's Hollywood Theatre!
Three shows of music, dance and fantastic fun need your help to keep artists and technicians employed and to award a $1000 scholarship.
From Page To Stage is a 4 week season dedicated to the performance of new musicals in different stages of development here in London.
A musical-comedy-parody based on the Mario Brothers characters, set in modern-day Brooklyn!
Youth Theatre is a magical experience for everyone! Help us bring "The Pale Pink Dragon" to life at the Barn Swallow Theatre.
Highlands Middle School in LaGrange, IL is going to perform "The Lion King, Jr." this April for our community!  Help us look the parts!
Help us raise $15,000 to purchase a new sound system for Woodminster Summer Musicals.
Help us produce FABLE at the New York Musical Theatre Festival (NYMF) this July!
Musical theatre that packs a punch! Support Liverpool's student production of 'RENT' @ LIPA 2016! Produced & Performed by Students.
We perform original music and sketch comedy for children and families centered around themes of community and self-expression.
Grease is the word for our 3rd Annual Prieto Academy Musical!  Take our 7th and 8th grade students back to the 1950s for a rockin' show
An evening of theater songs by composer Eli Bolin at NYC's 54 Below, performed by top Broadway talent with a four-piece band.
I'm creating a cabaret in which all donations go directly to Broadway Cares/Equity Fights AIDS.
We as a Performing Arts College are to perform 'Les Miserables'. We need backing in order to afford the set, costume and other aspects.
Spreading the love of theatre, one step at a time. I would like to produce a reading of one of my favorite musicals
Theatre is home and there's no place like home!  So, click your heels three times, and come home to the magic we create for you!
Help the Gold Dust Orphans bring their new musical 'SNOW WHITE AND THE SEVEN BOTTOMS' to New York City this fall!
A musical, by Louis Lagalante and Patty Hamilton, that explores loss and the different ways we can choose to move on from it.
They're Creepy, They're Kooky, And They're coming to Tuscaloosa this October! Help Us Bring the World of The Addams Family To Life!
This is a touring production for schools in the Treasure Valley!
Help fund ROCKT's first production!  We want to bring musical theater to kids who have limited access to it, and offer it free to kids.
Forbear! is a new theatre company aiming to produce exciting and innovative theatre using performers from a variety of disciplines.
And More Shenanigans Theatre is a brand new Edmonton based theatre company dedicated to creating and developing quirky original works
When a rich girl fakes destitution so she can audition for a homeless talent show, she bridges our wealth gap with a tragic love.
An intimate musical about friendship and time, growing up, and coming of age. Music and words that will stay with you for years to come
Powerful community theatre production of Jason Robert Brown's "Songs for a New World" in London, Ontario.
Fresco brings a full scale operatic production to your neighborhood - SNOW WHITE, set to the world's greatest music!
We need your help to complete our musical! Help us add two more original songs to our winter show, Babes in Toyland.
UCAS is a new British musical premiering at the Edinburgh Fringe Festival 2014.
Keep It Spinning! Is an after-school, six week workshop, during which students create an musical based on on an overarching theme.
Skyline Board Trustees have offered matching grants to help fund next season's production of Dreamgirls! Your donation will be doubled!
We are asking for people to donate to our theater club, the ITAVA Players, a public high school club from Brooklyn, NY.
It's Wagner's Ring Cycle conditioned with comedy and shrunk to one evening.  We'll tell the story of the Ring, with emerging singers.
Stick it to Stalin with this raucous musical comedy from award-winning BMI writers. Help us do a reading & make a CD with a GYPSY BAND!
Firelech compiled a new program consisting of the greatest musical hits, Jewish Operettas, Vaudevilles, Musicals and Movies.
A musical Steampunk tale of mad science, glorious villainy, and goggles, told with wit, drama, satire and devilishly clever rock songs.
Due to funding issues, legal fees and unforeseen hurdles, Daniel Logan (creator of cult hit "Distorted Diznee"), is looking for HELP!
An author's protagonist magically comes alive and causes mayhem! Our new musical comedy is headed for the Edinburgh Fringe.
A timeless, atmospheric and intoxicating new British chamber musical, The House of Mirrors and Hearts is a contemporary British story.
CEHS is producing "Annie" but we need your help! Please donate to help offset the costs of this show including 3-12 grade students.
"Pants, The Musical" romps through a lesbian life from age 3 to 83, through her loves and losses, believing herself to be limitless.
A delectable musical revue that offers the history of Broadway served up in story, dance, images and song.
A musical celebration of science:
Lyrics created from the words of scientists & teachers, performed as songs with live experiments.
Based on the play by Ibsen, "A Doll’s House: A New Opera" brings the world of Nora Helmer to life like you’ve never heard it before.
A new theatre / music show about what it means to be a music fan. Told through raucous live music, scripted drama and verbatim theatre.
Sleeping Trees are making the world's first 3 man pantomime. 

With Director Tom Attenborough, this is a unique festive family treat.
A slice of Bubby's Kitchen- Waiting for her big break, Shira tries surviving this financially -and sometimes emotionally- unstable life
Help McFarland High School present Fiddler On The Roof! Although we joke a lot in our video, this will be a massive production!
A new indie-rock musical by Jason Craig & Dave Malloy. Beardo chronicles the ascent of Rasputin & the fall of the Russian monarchy.
After winning the award for 'Best Off-West End Production', please help the Pirates set sail on their inaugural tour around the UK.
A Stellar Extravaganza Concert: featuring young INTERNATIONAL theater artists who have come to NYC to pursue their studies and dreams.
A cast of international artists play Angels on a mission to match-make in this show about conquering fear and loneliness to find love.
Join New York City Children's Theater as we send 10,000 NYC students to our magnificent 2015-16 Season for free!
Sing Sing prisoners learn there's no place like home as they perform The Wizard of Oz for their families.
Help EHAC continue to provide quality affordable theater for youth and young adults in East Haven!
Help Live On Stage spread "Absolute Pleasure" as we present The Rocky Horror Show at the World Trade Center Theater in Portland!
Finally, the little-known, amazing true story of Chanukah told through (what else?) 80s hit songs parodies.
We need your help!   It will take more than a Spoonful of Sugar to bring the Practically Perfect world of Mary Poppins to life!
We are excited to present a musical story about a woman who struggles to pursue her dream during the crisis in Ukraine.
Napier University Drama Society returns to the Edinburgh Fringe with an all singing, all dancing parody of The Lord of the Rings
Trinity Players is mounting Fiddler on the Roof March 5-8 2015.  Help Raise the Fiddler onto the roof by backing this project.
Middle Child return in 2014 with their alternative pantomime: Jack & the Beanstalk! Help us keep this local Christmas treat affordable!
Midsummer Night Opera is a Rochester-based opera initiative.
A partly verbatim piece based on interviews with teenagers and set to song.
Washington STEAM Magnet Academy Glee Club's 28th Annual Spring Musical
Help fund our first workshop production at The Greenway Court Theatre and future productions as we start the long journey to Broadway!
two monkeys productions - a new professional theatre company in Vancouver. Opening their first production "Edges" on April 3rd, 2015
Parade Theatre Company and RHUL MTS present their Edinburgh Fringe 2016 production of Jason Robert Brown's The Last Five Years!
Help bring FOR TONIGHT, a new musical, to the New York Musical Theatre Festival this July 2014!
Please help McFarland high school raise money for our production of Anything Goes!
Uncompromising Artistry Productions will be presenting Jonathan Larson's RENT at the largest peforming arts festival in the world!
An irreverent look at the Iowa Caucuses and the oversized role this undersized state plays in the presidential election process.
A night of music, fellowship, and a reflection of my experiences over the past 4 years at Ball State University.
The Nose by Kit Goldstein Grant is a new family musical based on the famous Russian story. We need your help bringing it to the stage.
Stars on Stage children's theatre program is in need of 6 new wireless body microphones!

#soskidsbeheard   

www.apatheplace.org
I will be performing in TWO productions to kick off the 2016 season. NEED HELP TO FUND THESE GREAT SHOWS!
Welcome to POP! Community Cabaret: the "friendliest mad bunch ever"!
We are a cabaret group run by our community for our community.
An English-language production of the opera Tannhäuser. Some of the greatest songs ever composed, now with lyrics we can understand.
Cité des Arts needs your help in funding their fall production of the hit musical comedy "Little Shop of Horrors."
We have formed an innovative company that aims to create musical comedic performances suitable for a range of venues.
"Into the Woods, it's time to go!" purple light presents a reimagined take on Sondheim and Lapine's musical masterwork.
New Anti-Bullying Musical's cast of 30 kids is ready to "speak up and reach out" to the world by recording a show CD!
LUIGI'S LADIES: an original one-woman musical comedy
A production company specializing in small-scale musicals
Two Shows: SIRENS and The Girl From Bare Cove. A community of artists determined to give voice to survivors of sexual violence.
liveartshow returns with a new work at the Arcola this summer. Marsha is a story combining opera, dance and theatre... with a unicorn
We are trying to raise money to perform a musical we have written, called "Iolite", at the Edinburgh Fringe in 2015.
A musical about two guys writing a musical about...two guys writing a musical.
Talented, hard-working performers for Into the Woods JR need your help in renting microphones for our show!
An new musical from Laura Grill & Misha Chowdhury about relationships, Relationships, and the moments that change everything.
Trapped on a stalled New York subway, seven strangers realize it's not just the train that's stuck.
A ragtag crew collaborating on a live performance for the first time, with music as their medium and NYC as their inspiration.
Welcome back to an electrifying era: from the birth of jazz to the dance phenomenon of The Charleston...The Jazz Age!
MYO gives students in and around the small Texas town of Melissa (population about 5500) opportunities in the Performing Arts.
Danger in the Dark by composer Skip West is a Film Noir story with a live a Swing Era jazz ensemble, song, dance, mystery and romance.
At Uni we have been given the task to create and perform a Cabaret. We need to raise money to get funding for our venue & musicians.
Orgasmico premieres a bloodthirsty rock epic about the financial crisis of 2008, corporate vampires and the real werwolves of history.
Spectacle-performance par des femmes sur la femme et ses visages | Show-performance by women about the woman and her faces
9 to 5 Productions offers non-professional actors across New York an opportunity to perform! Help us fund public, affordable art!
Where beauty meets austerity :
Trapped inside a mechanical nightmare our protagonists Kitty & Arabell work to save themselves.
Love Quirks is a hilarious and touching new musical of unconventional devotion exploring the trials and tribulations of love.
A musical fantasy about Paris during World War I and the healing power of art, as seen through the eyes of American poet Alan Seeger.
SCT is fundraising so its teen troupe can bring their Seussical cast to compete in the National Performing Arts Festival, Feb 2016.
Live production of Jason Robert Brown's masterpiece! Help us produce what was recently rated one of the top 5 musicals of this decade!
A new musical about four young artists living and (begrudgingly) working in DC. Presented as a part of the 2015 Capital Fringe Festival
Daniel: an Ordinary Tragedy is a new musical about six people searching for love in all the wrong ways.
Intermountain Opera Bozeman and Montana Shakespeare in the Parks present Man of La Mancha at the Black Box Theater in February 2015.
Paper Hearts is a uplifting musical comedy set in a bookshop, with a professional cast and very catchy numbers!
Help us record the soundtrack. After 4 performances we are ready to take it to the next stage and produce the original cast CD.
Greenville Family Theater presents the musical Hello, Dolly! this 4th of July weekend at the Greenville Municipal Auditorium.
We’re doing a workshop of a soaring musical with an amazing cast and creative team at one of the great theaters in America.
Stranded off a desert highway on a roadtrip, a young musician goes on an odyssey of self-discovery with the characters of Greek myth.
Musical theatre that packs a punch! Support the UK premier of 'It's Only Life' @ The Basement as part of Brighton Fringe 2015!
Be True To You is a fun, loud, interactive and exciting Anti-Bullying Assembly Program for kids grades K-8.
BDL is a choreography incubator that provides resources to all theatre dance makers.
Variety Show becomes VARIETY WEEK || The premier of INSECURITIES: THE MUSICAL
To fund the development of my Alfred Fagon Award nominated hip-hop play Up North at Soho Theatre, to enable it to go from page to stage
The musical story of Chicago's most exciting Era and the great immigrant mayor who climbed a mountain to Chicago's City Hall.
Hell Bent Theatre Company need funding to take 'UKIP! The Musical' to the 2015 Edinburgh Fringe Festival
Production du classique de Disney, "La Belle et la Bête", en version comédie musicale, par une troupe d'artistes passionnés!
Please support Tacoma Opera's production of La Bohème by helping fund the costumes in one of Puccini's greatest works.
Hail Poetry! is a dramatized program of Gilbert and Sullivan musical highlights.
The for-Broadway musical, “The Joy of Bernadette” is scheduled for 4 Performances on November 13-16 @ the Tryon Fine Arts Center in NC.
Scott & Patti are looking to expand our brand. S&P want to bring you a bigger and better show, and this is your chance to contribute.
The World-Premiere of "Unborn in America": A daringly satirical new opera of 21st century excess!
The SIU student organization FIERCE is itching to produce their first full-length musical, Godspell.
Get tickets to Rebecca Schwarz's one woman show on 15 January 2015 in Birmingham (UK).
You buy the tickets, you chose the songs.
Volunteering performing artists are shooting a promotional film to recruit cast, crew and sponsors for next philanthropy production
Meet Dani, a 9 year old battling leukemia. This witty musical inspires us to believe in the indomitable power of human imagination.
"I wanted to tell the story of two people in love, who were never in the same place at the same time."- Jason Robert Brown
The incredible story of woman's fight to clear her brother from the charge of cowardice in the Great War, brought to life musically
I would like to make a demo recording of six songs from COME OUT SWINGIN'!
A dramatic hip-hopera, inspired from monologues written by the performers.
Mabel Moon and her co-pilot Silvertoes are coming to earth in the form of a 35 minute interactive and educational musical adventure  !
Travis Kent joins forces with some of today's brightest contemporary composers for an evening full of firsts at 54 Below.
The volunteers of TACFA work to "create community through the arts" by putting on a Broadway show that everyone can afford to  attend.
This musical adventure is a funny and heartwarming story of Mimi, a rebellious young girl who is spirited to Ghostlynd.
Sponsor an AVENUE Q puppet for The Barn Players April 2015 production.
A fresh, re-telling of the Jesus story for a new generation.
Melissa Youth OnSTAGE (MYO) provides kids in North Collin County with the very best in youth theatre opportunities.
Support Keith in his journey from unemployment to Off-Broadway in the triumphant return of I GOT FIRED: A SORT-OF-TRUE REVENGE MUSICAL.
No Horizon.  A unique musical inspired by the remarkable, forgotten story of Nicholas Saunderson - a tale of passion and aspiration.
The generosity shown by our supporters has truly touched us. We thank everyone for believing in summer theatre. Warm regards, Pip & Dan
We're raising funds to create a brand new musical thriller based on the Edgar Allen Poe classic story The Fall of The House of Usher.
A rebellious, feel-good, jukebox musical for anyone sick of being overworked, underpaid and powerless.
A SUPERBUNNY CHRISTMAS, based on an award-winning children’s book, will have free performances for all.
Adam Chester and Eve Nelson turn "S'Mother", the hilarious autobiographical book by Adam Chester into a musical for the stage.
A new musical based on the heart-rending true story of a young woman who finds love but loses her liberty - and her journey to freedom.
Topsoil Theatrics of Central Oregon presents the amazing rock musical, SPRING AWAKENING!
En nytappning på Skönheten och Odjuret i stockholmsmiljö. Moderna svenska låtar arrangerade i romantiska drag för en symfoniorkester.
Nightlife, Bistro, and Julie Wilson Award-winner Liam Forde brings his fleet phantasmagoria to Stage 72!
A group of HH theatre alums are returning from college to direct, produce, + perform an awesome piece of theatre, and need your help!
The stage production of the cult classic!
En musikalisk komedi med mörk humor och magiskt realism.
Ämnen som berörs: Kärlek, Relationer, Politik, Sex, Drugs and Jul.
Multi-award winning, original musical highlighting the impact mental health issues can have on young people & battling stigma.
Det nystartede vækstlagsteater Nørrebro Musicalteater's hårrejsende opsætning af horror-musicalen "Sweeney Todd"!
A new fine arts program in Central Indiana doing Shrek this fall. Raising $ to help fund youth theater - help support the arts!
Opera and Broadway mixed into one show? Sounds crazy. Let's do it.
A hilarious, torn-up musical about expectations, disappointment, lilac poodles +the true story of the most fabulous man ever forgotten.
Support our new Dust Bowl folk musical and help us take the 2014 New York International Fringe Festival by storm!
Shasta Geaux Pop is thrilled to grace the stage of Bushwick Starr September 2016, in her first full length production. Lawd have mercy!
Help fund Doro & Diega's journey to the Orlando Fringe 2016. A brand new choose-your-own adventure musical!
Musical Theatre
This is a fairytale-­themed light romantic comedy about a girl (Deh’Lia)’s pursuit to be with her Prince
(literally).
a CINEMA ON STAGE production full of romance comedy drama fashion & song. Set in Rome 1963 when CINECITTA & HOLLYWOOD ruled the world.
'Top Gun: The Musical' takes flight in downtown Minneapolis. The best of the 80's movie and musical theater together at last!
A musical about Clara Peller, the "Where's The Beef?" lady. www.wheresthebeefmusical.com | #wheresthebeefmusical
A musical about Chanukah using the score from The Nutcracker. Sounds crazy? It's "The MeshugaNutcracker!" and it's heading to NYC.
We create an evening of live, completely improvised musical extravaganzas in the style of legendary choreographer Bob Fosse!
Your opportunity to play a part in putting history on the London stage. If you love Le Mis & Phantom, Berlin The Musical is for you
I AM ALIVE - the story of two orphaned Armenian Genocide survivors who, against all odds, meet, fall in love, and rebuild their lives.
Love Beyond the Musical Presents the over-arching love story of the bible to the world stage starting with a national tour.
Shakespeare's magical play, set in New Orleans, the ‘Birthplace of Jazz’, and featuring the songs of the legendary Dr. John.
In honour of the many heroes who've served our country, a choral re-telling of the stories and songs of the Christmas Truce of 1914.
Menopausal women school their junior on what's in store. Original musical comedy full of hilarious dialogue and song parodies.
In Paris, a blind youth invents a writing system for the Blind during the Napoleonic Era.
Think Oliver! meets Les Misérables.
I'm a ragtime piano player with a mobile wood fired pizza trailer. I would like to start a show where I combine these two things.
"The Cherry Orchard" is one of the greatest of Chekhov's plays, this would be the first musical treatment of its kind.
We are building a 45 Foot Pirate ship and mooring it off the Florida on an Unnamed Island to stage acoustic music shows.
Our school's spring play would be tremendous with the use of muscians! We need a trumpet, reed, and percussion.
Our goal is to perform the full production at various theaters and schools.  Funds will be used for theaters, actors, and musicians.
Help discover the hidden talent among under-served youth in the Twin Cities.   ''Wild Love''.   A little show...with BIG plans.
Follow drunks and the people who love them from destruction to deliverance via this original musical full of life, laughter, and truth.
We are a community theater looking for funding for our upcoming production of Disney's "The Little Mermaid"!
Help fund a re-imagined staging of "Miss Saigon" to mark 40 years since the fall of Saigon, featuring live music and Vietnamese talent!
"...giving talent a chance to shine, a chance to finally become who they have dreamt they could be."
(Video Representation Only Above)
"The Sock Who Lost His Mate," a 1-hour family-friendly musical, is invited to NY to participate in a prestigious theater festival.
"The Bronx Babe," is a one-woman show where I share my experiences in middle school with song and dance from the early 1970's.
Keeping the Arts alive by raising funds to make our make up and wardrobe for "Shrek the Musical" as spectacular as our performances.
We have the East Anglian premier of Urinetown! Using vibrant local talent we aim to produce professional quality theatre in Norwich!
The theater and music students of Capital High School want to do something big.  They want to perform "Chicago-the Musical"!
Once In Fado it's an interactive musical production that invites Londoners to travel to Lisbon through Fado and Portuguese wine
Friends in Theater Company and State of Play Productions present The Secret Garden, benefiting the Make-A-Wish Foundation.
The story of Katniss Everdeen told in a musical parody of the "Hunger Games" Trilogy.
Join us on the journey to get this Blink-182 musical onto a Broadway stage! The road starts here. The road starts now!
Give local kids a magical afternoon at our Community Festival featuring a Velveteen Rabbit musical production, holiday crafts & more!
Boldly bringing to the off-Broadway stage a warm and funny, incisive, bizarre, inspirational musical about bipolar disorder.
To produce a studio-quality Original Cast Album of the exciting new musical stage play ALIVE! 55+ and Kickin'.
Spotlight On Youth is a new theatre education organization in the Fargo-Moorhead area. We need startup money for our first season!
An invitation to make a change, engage with environmental & social justice issues, and give back to our community.
A STORY OF BAGELS AND LOCKS!

A JEWISH GIRL FINDS HERSELF ON A UNEXPECTED TRIP TO
"A SPIRITUAL EXPERIENCE" !
This fabulous new play explores the little known love life of England's most famous romantic novelist, Jane Austen.
As a non profit graduate student at Penn,my passion is the arts, we need support to fund our new CHILDREN's DINNER THEATRE
Spin! is an original musical comedy-drama presented by Blue Palm Productions.
A cultural and historic journey through Puerto Rico's music and dance!
Sheet Music portfolio of comedic tour-de-forces, intricate ballads & more...launched live with a power-house Nashville-cast Concert.
Local boy turned producer returns with a brand new show, another talented cast, dazzling costumes and brand new set! Please support!
Poppin Productions are currently entering the development stage of their very first production -  "Duodeca".
Part Psychological Thriller - Part Heartbreaking Drama - Part Spectacular Farce - 100% New American Musical Theatre
FACING EAST, a dramatic new musical, follows an upstanding mormon couple facing the suicide of the gay son. Help us bring it to London!
Ceasefire WWII. Yet Nazis continue the Holocaust.  A German & a girl try to stop the execution of Christian,Gay & Jewish prisoners.
An original musical on it's way to the stage in Minneapolis, MN. Feel free to ask any questions.
Playground was established in 2007 on the back of paper napkins and has since provided opportunities for over 800 boys and girls.
The Imaginary : A Musical is a new musical adaptation based on the novel written by A.F. Harrold.       TheImaginaryAMusical.com
A musical about how Shakespeare was inspired to write only his own plays after the co-authored play Henry VI was taken.
A fully orchestrated concept album of Benjamin Button the Musical!
Basement Theatrics is producing Spring Awakening July 22-31, 2016 at 12th Ave Arts in Seattle, WA! Help make this the best it can be!
"Sounds By The River" tells the story of a Detroit composer through
his music, poetry, and dance.
A truly multicultural experience - Hip Hop, Bollywood, Classical Dancers #liveband #Revoultionary Script 19th July@NationalTheatre
A vibrant, street-wise, and musical performance that follows the lives of stories of the community of Washington Heights...
Actors International Theatre's mission is to employ actors with disabilities and give them the opportunity to experience theatre, NOW!!
Cabaret at The Merc presents their first Summer Series of fully staged shows in a unique non-traditional environment!
We are a small, professional based theatre company in London, United Kingdom and focus on creating jobs for creative professionals.
"Life Could Be A Dream" a fabulous new '60 doo wop musical is looking for your help to make our dream set come true! www.centerrep.org
We are venturing to produce our own LIVE SHOWS at performance venues all over Florida and beyond.  It stars Slim & Skeeter Sweeney!
Philip Springer, composer of "Santa Baby" and other hits, seeks $50,000 to produce a one woman musical about Jacqueline Kennedy in NYC!
A "One In A Million" chance to turn dreams into real life memories with Larry Graham and Graham Central Station! Making History!!
Paraphrase Productions and The Forest Theatre Guild present Addams Family The Musical. A musical comedy about that beloved, dark family
EXCELSIOR SCHOOL OF FINE ARTS, arts education that meets you where you are, and takes you higher! HELP us bring this to HUNTSVILLE!
Peace Child 2015 is a musical experience empowering youth and showing them how they can be the change the world needs. #humanitarians
Help City of Pinole School of Performing Arts Youth Musicals production of "Little Shop of Horrors" with "seed" money for Audrey 2!
Psychological Punk Rock Opera! Help fund the trial and rebirth of Kate Bush inspirer Dr Wilhelm Reich in a clown court in hell!
I Detenuti doneranno a Papa Francesco, per il Giubileo dei Carcerati del 06 novembre 2016, il nuovo musical "IL FIGLIOL PRODIGO"
Spotlight Musicals is a publisher of unique musicals written especially to be performed by young people.
The magical, musical tale of two Irish Immigrants chasing their dreams and finding love in American dances to life in FINIAN’S RAINBOW.
A powerful, awe-inspiring musical presentation of Bible stories
Un teatro abbandonato da anni pieno di possibilità e storia nel centro della città deve risorgere. Non abbandoniamo la cultura!
Whitley Bay operatic society are a registered charity, we are looking for funding in order for us to stage boogie nights the musical.
Set in the 80's, we bring you a side of slapstick comedy with your horror. Take a look inside at the destruction of Chamberlain, Maine
Antifascistisk sagomusikal riktad till ungdomar och unga vuxna. Akustisk, mysig, färgrann och lite snuskig parkteater!
Help Pin-Ups On Tour bring our show to 6 different VA Hospitals across the US making over 600 hospitalized Veterans Smile!
We've got something special for you during our 20th Anniversary, and we need your help to make the best season in centuries a reality!
Based on a true story, "Philly" is an original, fun filled musical, where contagious Classic Rock meets Traditional Big Stage Broadway.
We would like to mark Barnardo's 150th anniversary of helping children by celebrating with a West End Gala performance in July 2016.
We are looking to raise money to help with the costs of the show. Theatre can be expensive but is very important!
We are a brand new theatre company from Bangor Maine, looking to work with low income families and people with disabilities.
We are trying to take this production with West End singers and a full live orchestra to a new venue in Birmingham.
Since 1957, CCP has taken tremendous pride in producing musicals of only the highest caliber; "Legally Blonde" will be no exception.
This is 'PUNK OPERA' and is nothing less than an entirely new form of musical theatre and a damn filthy one at that !
I DON’T KNOW WHY HE LOVES ME
CAN LOVE HEAL THE WOUNDS OF ADULTRY, ADDICTION & DECEPTION?
Discover the True Healing Power of Love
ATC is a fledgling community-based performing arts group working to produce our first full-scale musical -- a Cole Porter revue.
An epic musical tale of oversized men in undersized spandex who save Earth from the forces of evil, and totally rock your world.
The story of a journey from extreme grief, to unimaginable joy! Told by real people who are overcoming tragedy, victoriously!
The Comic Opera Guild, in its 43rd season, will develop new audiences for opera with a production of Rossini's BARBER OF SEVILLE.
Are you ready to listen to the music? This is musical journey about being blind and "SEEING" the world. Will you join us?
Woodward Avenue The Musical is a story of a family in the 1970's. Their struggles, love, and unity all told through song and dance.
Gov.Bobby Jindal's first-hand account of an exorcism brought to life in the only form that can do it justice: As a Full Scale Musical!
The Mixed Ability Performers: Special Needs students ages 8 + perform on stage. Needed: A  projector, sound system & microphones
I want to produce a shadow puppet play based on the legend of "Tobit" - a man who suffers for doing what is right.
A revue show featuring the very best of the last century of musical theatre from aspiring young producers & performers at RWCMD
Det är tio år sedan sist! Musikalen Hednadotter med sångarna från orginaluppsättningen sjunger musikalen i Konsertform.
Call It A Day Productions is putting on their first full production in December and every little bit helps!
A brand new musical about the ban of contraception and abortion in Romania and the revolution that ended it all in 1989.
This project challenges social issues affecting young people in areas of deprivation within the Belfast area (Northern Ireland).
Bringing Richard O'Brien's sequel to legendary Rocky Horror to the stage for the first time. First London, then...The World!
P.A.C.K (Performing Arts Camp for Kids) Musical Theater, Instrumental Music, Vocal Music, Dance, Visual Arts, and Physical Education!
Emerson Sings is the first cabaret to celebrate the work of up and coming musical theater composers who are alumni of Emerson College.
Help five college students as they journey to bring their groundbreaking new musical "Our Modern Lives" to Broadway!
This years most important stage project for young artists in our region. www.ungespor.no
Hadbjerg skole opsætter i april musicalen The Fireflies, der blev skrevet og opført i koncentrationslejren Theresienstadt i 1943 og 45.
The Milburn Stone Theatre needs your help to bring its high-flying next blockbuster musical, TARZAN, to life!
An extremely unique musical play with an exciting, fun filled, dramatic twist. You will discover what lies ahead on the Road to Kingdom
Nothing Changes is a modern musical version of the Ragged Trousered Philanthropists exploring the inequalities of "austerity Britain"
Falling in love at Christmas should never be a drag! A rocking musical about four lives intersecting at a nightclub at Christmas.
Escape from Reality's 1st Season "Defying Gravity" including The Last Five Years, Godspell, and Aida.
Based on the hit game, Trip and Grace's marriage is falling apart. It's up to the audience to determine the fate of their relationship.
Children Must Run is an original musical, about a prostitute, a drug mule, a child soldier and their struggles, hopes and dreams.
PTYA is a non-profit musical theater group for kids ages 7-18 that teaches the importance of self expression through the arts.
We are proud to be doing The Last Five Years as our debut! Now, our little company needs your help to make our big dreams come true!
I am asking for public funding to help put together a musical tribute titled "Blast From The Past" reenacting famous HipHop, RnB acts.
Introducing a high class environmentally friendly, vegan, adult cabaret theater in Chicago with unique on, and off stage entertainment.
The Jeremy Kyle Show offers so much subject matter to create an opera with.  Along with his brilliant put downs it could be excellent!
A revival of Shadowbox Live's Off-Broadway Rock Opera to uncompromisingly explore the darker urges of humankind. But we need your help!
A professional musical revue. First performed in 2013 as a short tour, to be embarking on a full length tour across the UK in 2015!
SMOKEY AND THE BANDIT: THE MUSICAL
The classic film, characters and music you love, on stage, LIVE!
Alice is an original musical for all ages with a unique new story based on Alice's Adventures in Wonderland, premiering in summer 2017.
Mary's Son is a pop opera about Jesus and the hope he brings to all people.
The Brother’s of B-block is a musical play. A new take on "OZ" 
The Wizard of OZ meets HBO's OZ.
THE BALLAD OF DOWNTOWN JAKE is a newly created contemporary music drama that is schedule to premiere in Phoenix, AZ in March 2015.
A rock and roll journey that explores love, loss, redemption, duality and ascension.
POE is a tragicomic musical about the life and works of Edgar Poe, with Death as his therapist helping him find peace in the beyond.
Help us bring the SPRING AWAKENING to Frederick, MD! 

We're producing a project for young adults and could use your help.
See Pryor from his teenage years to his last breath featuring his past wives, closest friends. & his fan favorite character Mudbone.
All the world's a stage...
It is my biggest dream to perform my own, selfcreated musical with lots of kids as big as I am able to.
It feels like the first time. Like the very first time everyone's coming-of-age comes to the stage. Think 'Wicked', with bad acne.
We are the Saugerties High School drama club. Please help us create our musical to keep theater alive!
This new musical comedy empowers women and girls of all ages to be themselves in their shoes, whatever shoes they choose.
Develop demo materials for new, true story of teen Revolutionary War heroes - for hybrid film/live stage musical
Zachariah Sheldon is a brilliant, darkly twisted brand new musical with music from Mark Newton and script by Anthony Wilkes
BinM is a performance arts camp that, in its inaugural year, is starting a theater-intensive program for aspiring performers.
World Premiere of a new musical drama at the Arcola Theatre, London as part of the Grimeborn Festival - 
4th to 6th August | 8.00pm
Bringing an amazing story by the creators of "The Wizard of Oz" to life in a Broadway Musical!
Rollicking, furiously-paced love story: hero rescues girl from distant planet's vast prison, returns to Earth, must escape Death Row 2X
Presenting a full-scale showcase concert performance of a new family musical, "Santa Santa!", in London's West End.
Just in time for the new television season, we to bring you 60 years of your favorite TV theme songs in a tribute to television music.
Post is an original full-length musical being developed for professional music theatre.
We’re doing a workshop of a soaring musical, with an amazing cast and creative team, at one of the great theatres in America.
The Book of Job  is the first poetic book  in the Old Testament adapted for the Stage.  All Artist welcomed to join our campaign!
CLICK THE GREEN BUTTON AND CHOOSE YOUR TICKETS --->>
A musical play that explores the complex relationships of Duke Ellington, Billy Strayhorn, and Lena Horne set against amazing music.
A feelgood musical set in a Cardiff curry house, full of original songs by British & Asian composers. Wales Millennium Centre, Oct 2015
R & B Tribute Show!
#LockInCity Dancers, Sherwin XL MC, plus singers & musicians in Harlem NYC prod. by Best Friends Productions w/Buck South Entertainment
A full workshop/showcase presentation of 'HOODS,' a West End bound sparkling new musical, to be  directed by Craig Revel Horwood.
The English version of the Kuroshitsuji musical over in the UK, with songs in both English and Japanese.
The Show Must Go On!!  DaVinci Charter Academy and Emerson Jr High theater productions are not supported by the school . We need help!
Dixon Place presents Joe McGinty and Hally McGehean's musical about sex, love, and life that takes place entirely in Hally's bed.
New musical about friends helping each other find love through the unexpected aid of a 50s rulebook on wingwomaning.
Aidez-nous à faire de cette super production, regroupant jusqu'à 80 artistes de tous âges, le plus grand spectacle autonome au Québec !
Page2Stage Entertainment is bringing you Baum's full story of The Wizard of Oz in an all new musical. 
Approved by the Baum Estate
A production for graduating students from The Royal Conservatoire of Scotland to get their names known within Scottish Theatre.
EHU Musical Theatre Society needs your help to put on a production of the musical Rent.
Help SMHS Theatre Company fly in their 2016 spring musical production of Disney's Mary Poppins!
This will be an actor-musician production of Frank Wildhorn's musical, with a modern-day design and rock-band instrumentation
A New Kind of Musical, that uses a cross art form approach to tell the story of a group of young people embroiled in the 2011 riots.
Help us produce/remake this amazing cinematic Theater Picture Show.
A play with 16 pop songs about success. Help us record cast CD and take show to International Conference on Thinking in Spain
a musical about one man's quest for success
This cosmic cast of characters takes you on a journey through the solar system in search of their missing model of the Heliosphere.
Stories, songs, high crimes and low truths from a life spent in the band...
A single girl and daughter are trapped in a crazy, comical, song filled dream of NYC history.  Can a mom become a super hero?.
Bringing happiness, joy and hope to disadvantaged children in Los Angeles County through the medium of musical theater.
"Wonderland Escapades" is an Anti-Bully Musical based on the characters and scenes of 'Alice in Wonderland'.
We are raising money to bring Bleak House, the musical to the stage by fall of 2015.
I'm Tyler! Comedian & singing impressionist! Help me successfully fund season 1 of my own show on the strip at a major casino in Vegas!
This August 15-16, live, at Don't Tell Mama's NYC, Jake Mendes is about to put some serious soul into the atmosphere! Don't miss out!
Funding for a production of the musical "Porgy and Bess" which will showcase the talents of Theater Arts and Music students.
Cabarespian Productions debut show, The 25th Annual Putnam County Spelling Bee. To be performed at the Orlando Shakespeare Theatre.
Raising £10,000 to fund a cast recording of brand new musical All Aboard
Spin! is an original musical comedy-drama presented by Blue Palm Productions.
We are trying to bring Live Music back to the Small Community Opera Houses that dot the Midwestern landscape.
An educational presentation to introduce Schools, Colleges, and Adults to Ballet, Classical Music, & inspirational History!!!
We are needing to build sets, props and costumes and create a lighting and sound design for our 2015 Musical Season opener "Avenue Q"
Take what "Wicked" did for the Witch of the West and apply it to the Royal Vizier from Aladdin. Now put it in Westhoff theater.
We wish to acquire QUEEN's musical rights for a live musical show by TEMP (Puerto Rican Experimental Musical Theater). Help us make it!
Stand and Deliver! seeks funding for farcical, musical, far-fetched and hilarious performances in March/April 2015
Domino & Bartholomew sold over 200 million records to date and had 38 top 40 hits yet there is no venue in their hometown to honor them
There's no more pressing problem than the homeless on our streets and in our parks.  This is their story and their songs.
Hit Broadway musical Damn Yankees at the Landor Theatre! The date is set, we just need your help to get the last bit of funding...
Kids looking for financial gifts to help underwrite their production of Alice in Wonderland that opens June 27th @the Rose Theater!
Critically-acclaimed comic opera going to Edinburgh: Everyone working for free! We need your help to provide £10/day living expenses.
Blue Ridge Community College is doing a show to help out students in hard times. Funding for the show is low and it's for a good cause.
We’re making Something Wonderful in My Back Yard – A sparkling new community musical telling a heartening new story for our times.
Women Will Prevail, Overcome and Celebrate! The fight is just a test!
OPERA THEATRE OF MONTCLAIR... Where serious opera is fun!
Rock on with us at our next spectacular production!
The Snow Dog is children’s theatre at its spellbinding best - and features the appearance of a real life Siberian husky!
Medieval artist Hieronymus Bosch lives too much in his imagination. What happens when he falls in love with a girl from the real world?
Eddie and The Palaceades is a rock and roll musical about a one hit wonder from the 60s who runs for mayor to save the Palace Theater.
The Main Stage, Inc. would like to bring a season of Musical theater to Children and Adults in 2015.
Edgar Poe rises from the grave to reconcile his life and understand how Death influenced his personal and fictional stories.
February 2016 performance of "I Love You, You're Perfect Now Change" with a cast of 6 friends who are performers and designers.
"Das Rheingold" is the first of Wagner's four "Ring" operas and we need your help to make it happen!
"In My Own Eye" (The Re-Launch Campaign) Preserving the Art of Cabaret Theater 4 the Next Generation a Business waiting to Explode
Valley Light Opera, in collaboration with Amherst Ballet, presents the East Coast premiere of 'Pineapple Poll', a charming G&S ballet.
HYPERBOLIC (the last spectacle) a psycho-sensual dark comedy guiding audiences through slippery slopes of a soul seeking to be awake.
This is a revolutionary, ground breaking fresh New musical take on the hit film bearing the same title.
The BEST New Musical never see
Let's bring the magic of The Wiz to Dallas.
A brand new, original musical being produced this summer at the Midtown International Theater Festival in New York City!
We want to see Disney's Mary Poppins brought to life on Perth's stages once again! Help us make dreams come true...
Loving Musical Theater tribute to the life, the times & the voice of the worlds first gospel superstar! A small show with a big punch!
Murder Ballad. Ett kärleksdrama med fyra skådespelare i regi av Morgan Alling. En rockmusikal i en akt.
Through Music Therapy and Expressive Arts, performers overcome their own challenges while spreading a message of empathy to thousands!
The concert reading of a new musical called "Cosette."  Performed by the Academy of New Musical Theatre.
Stage 3 of the process. The musical, The Last Adam, is creating a positive buzz and is moving forward on the way to a major production.
An ensemble of student actors collaborate, create, imagine, play, and challenge themselves in Get2Act's production of Godspell.
Remembering the lives of African American men, victims of racial profiling, racism, and systemic injustices.
We are staging a large community production of the hit Andrew Lloyd Webber, Don Black & Christopher Hampton musical SUNSET BOULEVARD.
The Puppeteer-A Modern Day Musical.
A failed director with a dark secret uses his unique power of control to create his ultimate show.
Musical drama about a tense meeting between Vice President Nixon and Dr. King as young men in 1960.
Check out scenes from 2014! The Festival will be dedicated to the performance, preparation and presentation of newly produced musicals.
BE A PART OF HISTORY.  Early life of Bill Haley with the beginning of his band The Comets and rock and roll.
Notes of Hope is a new original and exciting musical based on music from the pop era with a wonderful story of triumph against all odds
'Ms.' Is a concept album for a new musical song cycle inspired by women living with Multiple Sclerosis.
A musical about two former soulmates who are reunited on opposite sides of a protest in a city park
The Theater Project creates magic with Crowns, the Gospel musical that uses hats and songs to celebrate black history and identity.
River City Theatre Company needs your support as we embark on our first full musical and sixteenth production: Shrek the Musical!
We are bringing the smash hit musical to the South Bay!
Gill Man an exciting new musical, ten years in the making. Based on the Creature from the black lagoon, what would happen if captured.
The "anti-High School Musical." Romeo and Juliet, if Romeo was a sociopath. A story of love, loss, and betrayal.
We wish to acquire QUEEN's musical rights for a live musical show by TEMP (Puerto Rican Experimental Musical Theater). Help us make it!
a travez del teatro de calle, musica pintura artistica, conferencias publicas y mas, las personas  del mundo se uniran mas en libertad
Sinatra's Centenary -  Jay Oxenham is bringing back the music of one of the greatest legends to have lived!
New theater production company, Bush League Productions, needs to raise money for the rights for the musical Hedwig and the Angry Inch.
Scrooge is transformed into a loving gentler soul when Jacob Marley and three ghosts pay him a visit on Christmas Eve.
A nonprofit arts education program for young people to explore their unique and individual talents through Musical Theatre.
I have written and composed, and am now creating a short 15 minute full PUPPET musical about a platypus trying to figure out who he is.
Developing the Fringe theatre scene in Birmingham starting with a professional production of 'Soho Cinders' in August 2016 .
A 300+ seat venue dedicated to promoting artists in WA to perform and further their careers through experience.
An affordable Opera for the entire family. Free for everyone 12 and under. Written in English, it's the perfect introduction to opera.
Fund a CD of the popular musical "Here Comes the Train! The Ottawa Valley Railway Story", featuring bluegrass and traditional tunes.
Here's To Life provides an evening filled with music, fun, laughter and entertainment. It will truly be an evening to remember.
Dallas Area Youth is hosting "The Promise" and need your help to raise $5,000.00 to meet our costume budet for our 60+ cast members.
From our 2015 competition, we're proud to present winner "Scandal in Bohemia" by Thomas Irving Whitman!
Encore! Musical Theatre is raising $20,000 to put on the first official musical at the University of Alberta.
We are looking to bring Evil Dead The Musical to San Diego! A bloody, fun, rockin' and hilarious romp based on the Sam Raimi film!
A revival and re-envisioning of a 1972 Major Label Rock Opera by the original author and his son, staged in NYC, off-Broadway.
This is an untold story with heart and soul, intended for live performance at the Aronoff Center For The Performing Arts.
BELIEVE will connect youth to service organizations to GIVE, share, and help humanity with random acts of kindness this Christmas.
He married a prostitute, publicly harassed a president, and was given a Golden trumpet by the King of England. Who else, but Satchmo.
We give at-risk youth a chance to perform with pro artists in educational song productions about civil rights and social justice.
A project to help support a newly developed theatre company based in the Lincolnshire Area. First performance June 4th at the LPAC.
Feelgood Academy is an amazing new stage musical with fantastic  songs and a fun and engrossing story for all the family.
The North East’s newest, mobile music and theatre experience for young people. We aim to encourage and develop all performance aspects.
Broadway West would like to obtain a larger studio space for lessons, a place for rehearsals and children's musical theatre.
A fun-filled, original musical play, in the style of an English Pantomime, brings kids to their feet and is just a blast!
Make us to complete the writing, composition, casting and recording of the first musical ever written about the last days of Pompeii!
En riktigt svängig musikal om att vara unik, för barn från 4 år och deras familjer. Var beredd på att klappa, skratta och sjunga med.
A new Latino inspired not-for-profit musical drama designed to provide opportunities for emerging artists and raise Diversity awareness
A story about a young man and friend down on their luck, who decide to rob a bank in order to make ends meet.
A comedy.
Creating a sustaining image of trust through emotional connection and relatable moments with people of influence throughout the world
Códices del Pasado, es una obra de danza, “rock ballet”, que nace a raíz de la conmemoración del Bicentenario de México en el año 2010.
BARE is the story of a group of high school seniors all struggling with issues of their self worth, sexuality, and identity.
Over 100 Summit County high school students fill the roles of cast, crew and orchestra under the guidance of theater professionals.
US Presents is producing the hit Broadway musical [title of show] as a benefit for Tacoma Little Theatre (performing 2/26/15-3/1/15).
A Bowl of Cherries is a musical revue that looks at life through a cycle of plays and songs. 
Performed by 8 versatile actors.
Celebrate your love and union this Valentine's Day with the central Ohio premiere of the Tony nominated Musical; Romance/Romance!
Metropolitan Community Theatre Project (MCTP) is a MPAA affiliated nonprofit organization dedicated to preserving community theatre.
"Rashawn Thompson", a Chicago Performer, wants to bring "Ray Charles" back to life, so he can "Make it do what it do baby, yeah"
Burlesque inspired, All female musical review
A powerful live musical of true stories of women and men suffering from domestic abuse. We aim to break the silence, ignite a movement
The Return of Neverland is an exciting new musical created by Make Believe Productions, a recent graduate run performance company.
Help make our music theatre show a smash hit at the Tobacco Factory Theatre Bristol in 2016.
Turn hearts towards the Book of Mormon with a new musical: Purchase tickets at www. sherryallred.com
Members of this sixty-seven year old community theatre have beautiful voices but but no mics to let them be heard.
Thank you to everyone who donated! Please go to our facebook page, "Northern Gate Musical" for future updates on this project!
Seeking sound equipment for touring theatre productions, so kids get exposure to the arts and theatre for years to come!
We're starting a community theater!
A powerful original Christian musical depicting biblical events from Eternity Past (Heaven) to Christ's resurrection.
The grand Indian musical dedicated to the 100th birth anniversary of the former Prime Minister of India Indira Priyadarshini Gandhi
We bring joy to audiences by producing Broadway Musicals that promote universal truths and offer uplifting family entertainment.
LAMPS is a collective of writers, actors and musicians who are banding together to create 3 great stories of God’s love and redemption.
A rock 'em-sock 'em blatantly anti-drug musical stage production to introduce America's first upscale African-American amusement park.
A musical extravaganza based on Dr Seuss characters and featuring over 40 talented locals singing, dancing, acting and creating music.
Hidden gems youth theatre's aim is to encourage a love of theatre & performing arts in local areas
Stardreams Musical Theatre Company proudly presents an exciting new production of the well-loved story of The Railway Children.
Help The Limelight Players meet their annual fundraising goal of putting on a high-quality, spectacular musical theatre production!
Trying very hard to get this Musical, about this great Lady on Broadway. We feel that Broadway is the right place to Honor this Queen
Help us keep Stephen Sondheim's works alive as Shakespeare's by supporting the startup of a new Sondheim repertory company!
It will be named SE MI LASCI NON VALE. The project belongs to the Italian singer Alessandro Caruso
Help support Fallen Skies at FringeNYC!
Help us with our project to give families, who are fighting cancer, a  memorable Sinterklaas!
Based upon real events, this emotionally charged poignant presentation takes us into the senseless, inexcusable world of domestic abuse
New experience dimension - Live Painting based on the mood of the light music rhythm, by maestros' Girish Nair & Unnikrishnan P
Macabre Theatre Company wants to produce a community production of Grease, we need help raising  the funds to make this possible
A Patriotic family musical to honor the legacy of service of the men and women of the greatest generation (WWII)
We have formed a young talent group from San Juan Puerto Rico with the aim of promoting the arts and theater. We love arts.
We are looking to make Rocky Horror Show a tradition in the South Bay.  But we need your help to get it Kickstarted.
Our times are difficult and perplexing, so are they challenging and filled with opportunity.- Robert Kennedy 
 #TRUTHBETOLD 2015
The Musical "The Long Goodbye" is a story of Affliction, Loss, Redemption and Salvation. The story, increases awareness of Alzheimer's
"THE GREATS" musical brings to LIFE some of our African American GREATS in R&B, Hip-Hop, Soul, Gospel, & Disco who have passed on.
This Kickstarter goal is to start a new community theater company in and for the Reno/Sparks area.  We need more performing arts!!!
Summer Stock Children's Theatre is dedicated to bringing dramatic performance opportunities to the children of Bay County, FL
A musical journey coming to the Blue Venue at the 2017 Orlando Fringe Festival!
A musical vision of the Faust tale... how he signed his soul to the devil Mephistopheles to find Lori, the love of his life.
CAGED - A New Musical is the story of One Passion, One Voice, One Dream. - One man's quest to become the woman he always wanted to be.
The Group M3 is striving to give one of the poorest towns in the country hope again this Easter Holiday.
A LIVE musical spectacular theatrical experience of The Beatles recording sessions at Abbey Road Studios.
1
"SUPER!: An Original Musical" is an original work written by Ryan Hruza. This campaign is to fund the production and pay the cast/crew!
Bring Ryan Landry's "Snow White and the Seven Bottoms" to Theatre 80 St. Marks in New York City this fall!
A musical for Planet Earth!
Help us fund and tour this ground breaking & uniquely original Circus & Theatre show starring world-class musicians and performers.
We're seeking funding in support of the launch of our company and to go towards our first tour of 'Little Red'.
32 Songs have been written for the sequel to Les Miserables.  But nothing else have been done because there is no budget.
What You Will is a new musical adapted from Shakespeare's Twelfth Night. It will be performed at the Actors' Church 23rd-24th February.
From the original writer of the movie "Sleepless In Seattle"
Paper Hearts is a uplifting musical comedy set in a bookshop, with a professional cast and very catchy numbers!
A space opera. From the TV producer & editor of three Tyler Perry stage/media musicals.
1 woman comedy directed by Andy Jones, songs by Stella Walker, Lisa Lambert, Waylen Miki, Nancy White.  Creating script, songs, buzz.
Presented by The EMTT Group, we are looking to save the performing arts in our local community! #SaveArt #EMTTGroup #Kickstarter
Experience. Explore. Express. The Arts.
Theater Without the Drama is a new professional theater company unlike any other group in Atlanta.
A musical comedy about two young musical artists who go to New York to break through on Broadway.
This is it!  We are going for our dream of reviving classic musicals at The Pantages Theatre!  The show will run this September 11-13.
Giving the youths of the Dallas area an opportunity to showcase their creative talents.
Let us take you on a journey to the Totally Awesome 80's!
Featuring impersonations of many 1980's icons and their music. LOADS OF FUN!!
RoundTable Theatrical is Greater Moncton's 1st professional theatre company producing Broadway scale productions in Atlantic Canada
Experience 10 peoples journey as they come together for a reunion performance of Godspell.
Alice vs. Apollo brings HAIR to the Access Theater in NYC, September 1-4, 2016! Help us bring this crazy show to life!
A musical based on the trials and tribulations of a ginger apprentice chef.
The moosicians, the barn, the story teller, and the milk and quackers are packed and ready to go! We‘re heading to your neighborhood.
A new gay-themed musical with positive gay role models and a message to gay youth: Just love yourself; the rest will fall in place.
Sponsor and help develop the fantastic FANNYS FORGOTTEN MUSIC for an industry showcase at Theatre Pero Stockholm.
Homer Hallelu' is a character that I created in 1989- in 2002  he was turned into a puppet that
I operate  from my wheelchair
Les Pissérables is a high energy, hilariously funny parody of the hit film that will have you in stitches from the very beginning!
My college need £14,000 for set, costumes, props etc. for our upcoming show Les Mis. We have no backing from our college and need cash!
We're a showcase series for new, originally, locally-sourced musical theatre works-in-progress from the SF Bay Area.
VALUEVILLE is a razor-sharp comedic journey about the price we pay at the final checkout.
A New piece of British Musical Theatre. The Story line from British History. Keeping the past alive in an entertaining way!
Part theater, part circus-- ALL party, BCG needs your help raising the tent for a choose-your-own adventure, audience interactive show.
The Muse Arts Production is making its debut with The Last Five Years but our small company needs your help to our big dream come true.
Award winning musical The Scottsboro Boys transfers to the West End after an extended, sold-out run at the Young Vic.
Part Psychological Thriller - Part Heartbreaking Drama - Part Spectacular Farce - 100% New American Musical Theatre
We need £11,000 to produce Priscilla the Musical at the New Muni. Celebrate Difference! Embrace our LGBT community. Make it Happen!
Everyone was young once. Relive the hopes, dreams, and fears of our generation.TWENTY the musical will give a voice to today's youth.
New collection of music by Scott Evan Davis!
RISK Theatre wishes to put on a summer production of Spring Awakening, in hopes that it will positively impact our community.
Contemporary Performing Arts Company that will be coming soon in the year 2015. First annual performance will be March 12, 2016!
West Haven Summer Youth Theatre is committed to creating a passion and appreciation for the theatre by teaching the stars of tomorrow!
Tas Rep Company production of Our House. Launching a new type of Amateur Theatre Company. Combining learning and performance experience
A musical/narrative that invites you into the journey of a young girl who endured, battled and defeated "ED." Her eating disorder.
A musical comedy about two young musical artists who go to New York to break through on Broadway.
My aspiring actress wants to experience musical theater camp. She loves to sing, act, and dance!
