Forsaken Angels, a powerful new play by William Leary, author of DCMTA's Best Of 2014 Play Masquerade.
If tables had ears what tales would they tell? Sins of Seven Tables, a modern take on the 7 Deadlies, are they still sins?
An Enticing Trip into the World of Assisted Dying
Bring Wyrd Sisters, a comedy of Shakespearean proportions, to small-town Texas. Loosely parodies the “Scottish Play.”
"MAMA'Z BA-B" is the story of Marcus Williams who struggles to find a place for himself as a young black male.
Help Launch The Queen Into South Florida!
Help us bring more Art to the Community. It's our second production, Fences by August Wilson. Help us make it a success!
Olive and Betty have cheating boyfriends. The solution: Gus and Tor, two Norwegian hit men who specialize in solving such problems.
Is the public ready to hear Matt's story? Is he willing to risk public speaking and the waning reputation among his own race?
Lovers and Other Strangers by Renée Taylor and Joseph Bologna, showing at The Cockpit theatre in Marylebone, 10th - 14th August 2015
Against the decline of Thatcherism, the fall of the Wall, and the rise of Acid House. This comedy is a 'Withnail & I' for 1993.
JUNTO Productions is proud to present our first production, the premiere of The Connection, a play by Jeffrey Paul.
Radio drama about a failed comedian with the help of his Dictaphone friend Alan, tries to become a success whilst fighting his demons.
LEELA IS A 14 YEAR OLD GIRL. JONAH IS A 56 YEAR OLD MAN. IT'S BEEN GOING ON FOR 3 YEARS. HERE COMES THE NIGHT OF VIOLENT RECKONING.
Harriet Tubman Woman of Faith is a remarkable narrative about the life and faith of Harriet Tubman, told through a dream of a teenager.
I am trying to put together a ministry theater company for junior / high schoolers that which puts on free shows in the SoCal area.
FREE Shakespeare In the Park in Bergen County, NJ on July 24, 25, 31, and August 1. We need your support to help keep our show FREE
A new play and project exploring challenges faced by young adults struggling with mental health issues in contemporary Britain.
The true story of the romantic entanglements of Mary Shelley's parents. Anarchist; William Godwin &, 1st feminist; Mary Wollstonecraft.
Funding for a production of Time Please at the Brighton Fringe 2017... and beyond.
Finally a crossover of the arts takes place! Theater & LIVE Pro Wrestling. A unique story featuring TV Pro Wrestling without the TV.
Having lived her whole life in the midst of a civil war, 11 year old Leyla dreams of being a pilot so she may fly her family to safety.
Help a group of actors end bigotry in Houston, TX by supporting a  full production of Angels in America.
Help us produce a video of the first Original Pronunciation Merchant of Venice.
An original gospel stage play that explores the pain and hurt caused by those who struggle to forgive others!
Ever wonder what Wonder Woman wants in a super man? Can you be both a lover, and a fighter? And, what’s with all the spandex?
Acteurs, scénaristes et metteurs en scène souhaitant monter, 5 pièces de théâtre ainsi que 3 courts métrages et 2 long-métrages.
This is a play that voices that stories of the black experience in America using spoken word, song and dance.
The 2014 Minnesota Fringe Festival brings the World Premiere of LightBright's one-act play, The Last King of the I.D.A.
A theater complex that educates as we entertain.  We will provide shows that inspire and theater classes that motivate.
The world's best and only tribute to Dean Martin and Jerry Lewis
 bringing back the Music, Laughter and the Love.
HeARTistry's contemporary production of As You Like It epitomizes the wit and eloquence of William Shakespeare for a modern audience.
'Play it Forward' is a ticket bank for individuals in need. Fund a theater experience for someone that would otherwise go without!
Help us produce an iconic new verse play, set in the year 2020, with virtuoso acting and hauntingly beautiful words and music
This local community theatre needs a proper, efficient, SAFE and professional audio and lighting setup. Helps us raise the funds!
"Stories are where you go to look for the truth of your own life." (Frank Delaney)
"3 Days In Savannah" explores the issues of love, racism, and regret while reminding us that, "life is a game and love is the prize."
The Pelican is a haunted play by one of Sweden’s most renowned playwrights, August Strindberg, about a mother's tragic deceit.
We are vagina warriors ready to bring our message of human rights, empowerment and diversity to Main St. Lexington, NC.
Help stage an original One Act Play that brings awareness to Alzheimer's in its debut performance.
Bringing two international things together. Drama & English..
Our goal is to produce a play entitled "King of the Cardboard Condos" to bring attention and awareness to children living on the street
Detroit's past involved beautiful cars for discriminating men. It involved beautiful women too. Brush Street. A street to dreams.
We are putting together a student performance here in Wayne, America. This requires lots of fundraising. We appreciate any and all help
It's time to take our play to Edinburgh Fringe 2015
"What happens when a pimp, a prostitute, a serial killer, and the literal Son of Satan walk into a bar?" Find out on September 23rd!
Be a part of bringing the funniest play on the planet to Johnson City Comunity Theatre! There are plenty of laughs and an awesome band!
A service that brings kids' favorite princess to them! Any Event, Children's Hospitals... I want to go everywhere to make kids happy!
Bringing back Canada's best Independent pro wrestling show, creating jobs and entertaining 1000's of fans across Alberta.
The most controversial and thought provoking play of this time...
Discovery through time. Self-Identity and Soulful journey. A young woman trying discover her purpose in the world.
An inspirational story of how a group of people decide to attempt the impossible. To be accepted as the first transexual rugby team
After school, weekdays, weekends learning programs. The free workshops are open to everyone.
"Circles," is naked humanity..
ANGELS WATCHING OVER ME IS ABOUT A YOUNG MAN  GOING THROUGH MANY TRIALS AND TRIBULATIONS. HE STRUGGLES NOT TO LOSE HIS FAITH
GJ2UP
This stage play gives insight into 4 typical relationships and how ladies should deal with their problems even, if they're the problem
Fund the production of "Beloved" to be performed by Chicago area school children.
An adult play, clearing all myths and giving you a better understanding of swingers. Hmmm the new secret society call "The Lifestyle".
Hamlet is visiting EVERY country in the world! Please back our project and be part of our journey.
A dramatisation of an award winning book challenging intolerance and discrimination whilst looking to inspire positive action.
"Presumptions" is a play that teaches lessons about life and shows things are not always as the seem so we should be weary of judging.
A new play by Ryan Marcone about two brothers recently rescued off a desert island, and coming home to a place they hardly recognize.
A staged public workshop reading of a new play about Richard Wagner's widow, Cosima.
Help the Shrapnel Stage Company bring their inaugural production, " The Other Place ", to life onstage at the East Bank Theatre!
The Secret is a historical drama about a lawyer who worked for the Spanish Inquisition & crossed the Atlantic with Menendez in 1565.
We are an emerging theatre company, ready to put on its first production. We are raising money to get our business on its feet!
Set in the height of sex, drugs and rock 'n' roll this production is an exciting new take on Moliere's classic! Performing with SpaceUK
The story of two women; two different lives; one common element. A story of faith, love, loss and redemption.
We want to bring you a full scale production of Tommy and Me by Ray Didinger--the play that sold out houses at it's premiere reading!
ECAS Theater - a non-profit community theater group in RI - needs your help to get to a theater festival in Cuba this July.
What could we do with an annual Budget? Imagine a full season for kids and adults, an expanded studio, & stipends...But it's up to you.
A play and musical about the rise & fall of Palmares, a free republic in Brazil during slavery, lead by the legendary hero, Zumbi.
We are the first Independent Group Theatre from Tijuana, Mexico that has been invited to Miami, U.S.A.
As far as I can remember, I always wrote stories. This is my chance to turn my stories into scripts. I'm going to take it!!
Please help Solar Flare Theatre Troupe take our show to NEW YORK!
This original adaptation uses the text of Eugene O’Neill to explore race, the way we view it, and how it is perceived on stage.
The following program is being filmed in front of a live studio audience. Lunch ladies, laugh tracks, and the meaning of life.
This one-woman show journeys through Reign's plight to find her art and real love. It just may have you "cypha" your code.
A conglomerate of actresses, determined to surprise you.              (But first, we've got a theatre to pay for)
We aim to bring creative, innovative, exciting, educational and fun community theater (with a professional attitude) to a new location.
Hercules must complete four challenges in order to meet the father he never knew
Be a Lion is a stage play inspired by L. Frank Baum's  "The Wiz" It tells what happens in Oz and to the friends after Dorothy goes home
. A message of Love, Forgiveness and Acceptance. Loving people for who they are and not for what you expect them to be.
A fun course designed for kids to explore their creative and imaginative sides, leading up to a full scale production for the public.
A broken home is a bloody mess.
An Edinburgh Fringe theatre production that highlights the impact of Human Trafficking.
The Attic Theater Company is a six-year-old company that produces new work and forgotten classics by American playwrights.
An urgent new play about the changing face of London from award winning writer Steven Hevey and directed by John Young.
First Snow is an immigrant's tale sketched against the dynamic backdrop of America's multicultural cauldron.
16-year-old Joey is sexually assaulted by George, Luke and Tim. How will one Friday night shape the lives of Joey and her friends?
Cast of my Swing Era drama, set in Harlem and Atlantic City, "Silk Stockings and a Bible", needs to hit The DC Black Theatre Festival.
A provocative, moving (and at times very funny) stage play about the "Defense of Marriage Act" and its impact on the gay community.
A Fantastic creation about Napoleon, through his words and letters, sublimated by a musical score of rare beauty. A magnificent poetry!
An original who's who murder mystery comedy, full of intrigues, passion and all the glamour of a 1920s Hollywood Party.
A Barry Grantham masterclass and tutorial in COMMEDIA filmed at Sands Films and delivered as a companion DVD to his books.
BurntOut Theatre needs your help to put on Matilda Ibini's new play about England's involvement in the slave trade in October 2014.
A MAN IS A MAN NO MATTER THE SIZE OF HIS HEELS! 
Presented by: #RainPryor #MediaAtLarge #ShashiBalooja  #shashiatlarge #outbyrainpryor
Completely overwhelmed to announce The Young Pretenders transfer to the Dorfman Theatre on Saturday 2nd July.Please help us get there!
Programmer une tournée de plusieurs jours au Québec (Montréal, Trois Rivières, Québec) avec la comédie "10 ans de mariage !!!".
OMEGA KIDS, a new play by Noah Mease, directed by Jay Stull & produced by New Light Theater Project in association with Access Theater.
An inventive (re)telling of Princess Sophia Duleep Singh’s journey, from an aristocratic upbringing to a life of political activism.
Ramsay Wise is painting the backdrops for the Maplewood Barn Theatre's summer 2017 production. He needs canvas and paint.
We take great short(er) plays by brilliant playwrights & make visually stunning conversation pieces in response to the city we live in
A week long run of Tennessee Williams's 'Hello From Bertha' & '27 Wagons Full of Cotton' to raise awareness of Abuse & Prostitution.
Drama Students at Lincoln High School in Walla Walla, WA are working hard to present their excellent version of Little Shop of Horrors.
Venue hire and payment of designer for a darkly comic, all female play about power - losing it, wanting it and fighting to get it back
A sci-fi thriller for the stage opening March 10 in Los Angeles.
Theatre for Life believes in unlocking young people's creativity, developing self belief and creating positive opportunities.
We're fundraising $450 by Feb.17, 2017 to purchase the rights for the show & any extra proceeds will be used toward props and costume.
We are producing and directing a stage play that will focus on relationships and the stereotypes/truths that prohibit growth.
We are devising a vibrant new adaptation of Homer's The Odyssey featuring dynamic storytelling, stunning visuals and original music.
Join Estelle Parsons in support of Theater That Looks and Sounds Like America
A new play by Matthew Gasda
Ampersand Theatre's debut appearance at Edinburgh is in 2017 as Conversations With Rats opens at theSpace on the Mile, please help!
Pregnancy. Viagra. Murder. Nutella. What more could you want?

Help get JunkBox Theatre to Edinburgh Fringe 2017!
Somos una compañía de teatro independiente. Y en el 2017 queremos arrancar con el montaje de 3 obras.
3 elencos, 3 espacios.
In 1917 Rudolf Steiner's Threefold Social Organism was an attempt to save a devastated Europe. 100 years later do we have a new chance?
64 Squares is an autobiographical one-man exploration of the internal chess game played to reconcile relationships.
A Theatrical Production Celebrating the Lebanese Culture and the Human Spirit in Time of War.
Bring Morag Fullarton's fun-loving spoof and homage of the classic and timeless film, 'Casablanca', to the stage in New York City.
Dominion Theatre Company is the first community dinner theatre  to be established in Arlington TX.
The Explosiveness of our times calls for a response that has been overlooked, but its time to do what only we can do. FORGIVE!!!
A play that uses photography to tell the story of a friendship forged during the demolition of New York's Pennsylvania Station.
Four Directors.  Four One Acts.  Four Genres.  For You.
A 40s crime-noir play using nursery rhyme characters.
WAXWING is an exciting new world premiere of mythic (perhaps even apocalyptic!) proportions.
Two stories by Anton Chekhov adapted for the stage and performed back-to-back in a stunning live theatrical performance.
I’ll Be Right Back presents a story of murder and corruption. Faustus is a modern re-imagining of Christopher Marlowe’s classic tale.
Radio show meets interactive novel, accompanied by live foley, music, and audience participation. YOU choose what happens next!
We are a group of actors reviving a play called "Sonny Under the Assumption" to bring to Toronto, Canada this summer...
Better than Shakespeare! Theatre Company’s inaugural production, “Much Ado About Something.” The Something is Aliens.
THE MOON PLAY is a new play written by Carolyn Gilliam. The play follows an astronaut on the moon who has lost his reason to explore.
VERDIGRIS: A play written by Jim Beaver, star of Supernatural and Deadwood, opening March 2015 at Theatre West in Los Angeles.
What is destiny? Explore it with us this August at FringeNYC.
A dazzling aerial show that brings to life the whimsical and romantic short stories of beloved fantasy author Italo Calvino.
We're bringing The Window to the Cherry Lane Theater in January 2014.
An emotionally-charged journey through the history of black women in America told in reverse.
The theatrical adaptation of the epic film ‘THE FALL’ for the stage, combining theatre, live music, animation and expansive projection.
Outcry Theatre needs your help to produce Carlos Murillo's play "Dark Play" for the 2012 Dallas fringe festival, Out of the Loop.
A play with songs written by Craig Wright, based on Shakespeare's "The Winter's Tale" set in late 20th Century, Pine City, Minnesota.
This adaptation uses the text of O’Neill to explore race, and asks the audience if stereotypes impact a characters guilt or innocence.
One Year Lease Theater Company's world premiere theater production of THE KILLING ROOM, by playwright Daniel Keene, March 2011 in NYC.
Romeo and Juliet at Moody's Pub is an adapted, 90-minute version of Shakespeare's classic tragedy, performed for free in a restaurant
This one-man play made a splash on the west coast. Help shine a spotlight on this rock & roll spectacle in NEW YORK CITY!
Cutting Off Kate Bush is a one-woman show written & performed by Lucy Benson-Brown, premiering at the Edinburgh Fringe Festival 2014
A Sci-fi play in several vignettes that will narrate an alternate history in the mid-20th century.
A new tale of witches, fairies, cat-hunters and and bone-boilers from London theatre company Broken Glass.
ENDURING SONG by award-winning Bear Trap Theatre, is a sweeping historical epic about love, loss and family set in the First Crusade.
FRANK, a newborn company, presents Wallace Shawn's famously unproduced,"A Thought in Three Parts."
Be FRANK with us!
Anton Chekhov's The Seagull. An outdoor Amphitheater in Manhattan. Trees. A River. Daybreak.
Equus is the story of a psychiatrist treating a teenaged boy who blinds six horses with a metal spike.
I've written, and am producing, a fun new play with a gorgeous cast for this year's Edfringe and it just needs a little extra dough :)
Honest is an exciting and dark new play by Bristol based writer Alice Nicholas, touring the South of England and London this October.
Award-winning OSR Performance Ensemble brings the creepy, unlikely, bittersweet, macabre & beautiful world of Neil Gaiman to the stage.
The political and personal collide in a raw and intimate look at a pre-9/11 America: "The Coming World" by Christopher Shinn
The hysterical and heartbreaking story of artist Jack Kirby, "the King of the Comics," at the 2014 Comic Book Theater Festival
The Red Herring is a new play full of wickedly fast dialogue, a joke for every sentence, and more puns than you can shake a stick at.
Our fifth season is upon us: A wild new imagining of Titus Andronicus and our signature reading series "Two Plays. One Conversation."
Help us bring our production of Campo Maldito to New York AND San Francisco!
Help fund The Aurora Project, an immersive science fiction epic.
A student led production at Northwestern U. of an adaptation by Frank Galati of the classic book Kafka on the Shore by Haruki Murakmi.
SELLER DOOR is a new comedy about a Barker, the people he gets to go through a door and what happens to those people after they go through the door.
A Multi-Media Puppet Show, with large cable control puppets to tell a hilarious story for all ages.
'Gilead' is an original theatre piece inspired by Margaret Atwood's 'The Handmaid's Tale'. (Brighton Fringe 2014)
A stage production of Terminator 2: Judgment Day, composed entirely of the words of William Shakespeare
Hilarious play about two parents obsessed with getting their kid into the best pre-school and are willing to do ANYTHING to get him in!
We want to take our stage adaptation of Studio Ghibli's 'Princess Mononoke' to more people.  Help us do it!
First Love/Worst Love is an examination of love and its mutability, as expressed through twelve stories and five actors on one stage.
2 world premieres:
HOW TO LIVE ON EARTH by MJ Kaufman
 / CAL IN CAMO by William Francis Hoffman
+ workshops of 7 more plays!
Brute (winner of the 2015 IdeasTap Underbelly Award) is new writing based on the true story of a rather twisted, horrible schoolgirl.
Wake Up Call is a comedic play about a group of hotel employees working on Christmas Eve.
A brave & relevant play that looks at the lives of 7 real women who served in the US Armed Forces. Authentic stories that need telling.
Eyes Closed is a collaborative play and docudrama about New Yorkers and their dreams.
A one-man show about love, loss, and motorways, written & performed by Ben Norris. Help us get to the 2015 Edinburgh Fringe and beyond!
Shakespeare's classic re-imagined as a spoken and signed production for deaf and hearing audiences
Bringing David Lindsay-Abaire's award-winning story of our times to the East Bay.
Neil LaBute and Marco Calvani reunite once again for the unique, international collaboration that is ADA: Author directing Author.
A new original play that follows two Israeli singles navigate the humorous and confusing dating scene of NYC.
3 boys, 1 white dress and a hoover collide in this explosive new play by John Fitzpatrick. Life's a wedding disco. Let's dance.
Sexting, selfies and social media pressures that affect young people  connected 24/7.  Mistakes happen but now they can remain forever!
A dark comedy exploring the importance of art, homelessness, and finding your own path.  World Premiere 3/27/17 at IRT Theater in NYC.
An annual campaign supporting our intensive for artists 25 and under.
A bit of role-play never hurt anyone, right? Two maids play a game of murder. Genet's THE MAIDS in a visceral production by ALL BARE.
The first regional library-touring show from new UK company Librarian Theatre - transforming local libraries into magical theatres
iDiOM mounts the West Coast Premiere of “These Seven Sicknesses” – ALL SEVEN of Sophocles’ surviving plays in one epic production.
First Day Off in a Long Time is a comedy show...            
About suicide.
Live Source's world premiere of a new play by Jaclyn Backhaus, premiering at the New Ohio Theatre October 30th-November 8th.
'Time Please' is a black comedy set in a failing public house in a run-down part of town, where things are about to get messy.
Five playwrights volunteer at New York's largest soup kitchen and develop a play around the people they meet.
The Gray Man isn’t real. He’s a ghost story, a boogeyman, a tale mothers make up to keep their children safe.
Open Letter Theatre presents 'Boys' by Ella Hickson, at 2015's Edinburgh Fringe Festival! Four students, one flat, one last party!
Honest Accomplice Theatre produces theatre for social change.
A new work about guilt, trauma, love, and change; this original play tells the story of a boy and a girl who love and lose each other.
The birth-child of The Moving Company, Theatre de la Jeune Lune & William Shakespeare:  A wild new production of Love's Labour's Lost.
Self-Titled: A Live (Theatrical) Mixtape. An evening of short plays and music inspired by the works of Jimi, Aretha, Sting and Rufus!
A brand new show that unites puppetry, live music and storytelling to bring a forgotten English legend back to life!
How do we navigate the boundaries between friendship, sexual intimacy and obsessive desire?
Can you ever truly feel what someone else is feeling?
Do you want to?
Please help me bring 'The Bad Arm', which has toured America for 6 years, to the biggest & best arts festival in the world: Edinburgh!
5 Actors, 30 Characters, 90 Minutes.
Let us transport you from London to the fields of Agincourt, using the power of your imagination.
Our 16th year promises to be bigger and better than ever but we need your help to bring the show to life!
Perception. Impulse. Love. The Enso Theatre Ensemble presents Jane Austen's "Pride & Prejudice" like you've never seen it before.
A guy named Walt steals a book and plans to sell it to get his life on track... until his wife finds out.
The Human Faces Tour - Every Story Sacred. This tour is about laughter, grief, and identity in the human striving toward wholeness
We're looking to raise money to continue bringing Brooklyn the vanishing art form of marionette puppetry.
Six Spartanburg-based professional actors perform A Midsummer Night's Dream outdoors in downtown Spartanburg.
A one-woman theatrical exploration of the prison system and its inhabitants.
Shakespeare's bloodiest tragedy, performed and produced exclusively by women.
The three part comedic saga of Kapow-i GoGo, who saves the world.  Again.  And again.
A theatrical play on Alzheimer’s and the challenges of loving a person who keeps disappearing.
An original version of Shakespeare's masterpiece that emphasizes family and explores the destruction of blood ties
Experience the great American novel like never before.... Through the magic of live storytelling in an epic and threadbare sort of way.
EgoPo's The Hairy Ape has been invited to the Provincetown Theater Festival! Help us support our artists on this exciting tour.
Cicada Studios presents, as their inaugural production, a new-writing world premiere at the Edinburgh Fringe Festival 2015.
Once again Smoke & Oakum Theatre is heading up to the Edinburgh Festival with its latest show, 'Cornermen'. Welcome to our Kickstarter!
A razor sharp satire to darken your Christmas.
We're bringing Tuscany to the Cherry Lane Theatre with a new play about memory and how we deal with people we love but we can't stand.
Austin Pendleton directs a rare revival of Tennessee Williams' Orpheus Descending. (photos by Michael Halsband and Talfoto)
The Whitelisted Theatre Company is a non-profit arts organization dedicated to producing the most relevant European plays in NYC.
Original plays written, performed, and produced by young and diverse theater artists - alumni from Hostos Lincoln Academy in the Bronx.
The New Artist's Circle is a theatre company dedicated to bringing the arts to young people.
Fast paced, two hander which uses headphone verbatim technique to give an insight into the everyday lives of Leeds city locals.
Raising funds for Dandelion Theatre's Chicago production of 'Body Awareness' by the Pulitzer Prize-winning playwright Annie Baker.
A modern telling of the Greek myth. Sisyphus defies the Gods and attempts to change the world order... but can he overcome his fate?
Help us get actor-writer Ian Bonar's debut play - a hilarious, heartbreaking story of grief and loss - to the 2016 Edinburgh Fringe.
Score is a musical play inspired by true stories of parents who have recovered from addiction and regained their children.
Meet the Martins; a modern family dealing with modern issues in a way that is as All-American as apple pie, James Dean and repression.
8 ten-minute plays, written, directed, rehearsed, and fully produced in only 24 hours! Are we crazy? You bet we are!
Bare Theatre takes on Shakespeare's most notorious "problem play," which asks how far we are willing to go to do what is right.
A new comedy about what happened to a band of foolhardy actors when the Puritans closed the theatres in the 1640s.
Georgia is a play that looks at the taboo topic of rape in a relationship.  It's a play about perspectives and various viewpoints.
One of Australia's greatest theatres needs your help. Please help us refurnish, fit out and restore this legendary storytelling venue.
Critically-acclaimed new-writing company Old Trunk make their Edinburgh debut alternating their two darkly comic plays.
Join 5 high school teachers in the lounge of every high school in America.  Hear what they never say in the classroom.
MACBETH IN THE BASEMENT will premiere at the Capital Fringe Festival in July 2016. A teenage king’s rise and fall in a vicious game.
We're trying to get our play, "An Evening With Sarah Pettyfer," to the  Orlando Fringe Festival. The only thing is...we need your help!
Dorothy Parker's unforgettable characters come to life onstage in "Might As Well Live" at the 2015 Hollywood Fringe Festival.
Jericho Creek is an original production by Fledgling Theatre Company which will be performed at The Cockpit Theatre in July 2015
GTP has been protected financially by The Director since 2012. Now it's time for the community. Do you want GTP? Are we worth it?
“Far From Fiction” is a powerful play, written by Sally Willis, offering insights into a new understanding of  female psychology.
A political comedy for a crazy election year
Our goal: To produce a stirring one-woman show historically based on African-American women’s experiences, struggles, and journeys.
Two shows! (we're feeling particularly ambitious). Help us produce Eurydice and The Effect of Gamma Rays on Man-in-the-Moon Marigolds!
A Theatrical Prequel to Hell's Rebels, the current Pathfinder Adventure Path from Paizo Publishing
On the 60th anniversary of Twelve Angry Men, 12 female writers create 12 short pieces about what makes them angry.
"Inteligent, Inspired and Inimitable" Nottingham's leading two man improv show is heading to Dave's Leicester Comedy Festival.
A fast-pace, zany comedy involving six actors performing seven usually untold Grimm Fairy Tales about giants, witches, demons and more!
A play about riverside homelessness, inspired by true events. Shows at Brunel Museum, 240 Project and similar community organisations.
A searing new play that takes  an unflinching look at the terrible costs of police shootings in the African American community.
A brand new stage adaptation of the Libby Purves/Nicholas Heiney book. A new work involving music, poetry and fajitas. #timetochange
Yellowbelly Theatre needs your help to bring this incredible play of love, lust and mistaken identity to life in our debut performance!
Ancient Greece. Giddy, champagne soaked debauchery celebrating the Trojan War's end leads to a shocking and deadly surprise.
A circus theater show. An escaped carousel horse and a beautiful wire dancer let the fantasies run wild.
Death & Pretzels presents the world premiere of Paul Pasulka's Gruoch, or Lady Macbeth
FUND our teens in Shakespeare's comedy "The Merchant of Venice". Donating pays for our venue/insurance located in Woodland, CA.
Help us produce this revealing play about Nazi-resistance member Dietrich Bonhoeffer and his final years of incarceration during WWII.
Help to bring this heart warming story of Ray Didinger's relationship with his boyhood hero Tommy McDonald to life.
We're putting together a production of THE UNDERSTUDY by Theresa Rebeck and hope you'll help us share this story.
Help us bring to life tales of hardship, danger and community of extraordinary women working in WW1 munitions factories.
How do you retain a sense identity after losing your home, your family and your country? Leftovers is a play about refugees in Nairobi.
A Harlem Hellfighter struggles to re-integrate into his community after heroically fighting for his country in WW1.
a woman walks into a bar except she looks like a man and no one's serving drinks. one night only
A production of "Gruesome Playground Injuries" by Rajiv Joseph July 24th-August 9th at The Bakery in Denver, CO.
Bob is on the road. Bob is on the run. But from what? Will she make it to her destination and what will she find whens she gets there?
A vibrant, gender-inverted film-noir adaptation of Shakespeare's brutal comedy Taming of the Shrew, a visceral physical spectacle.
The play yet to be described as "A surefire Edinburgh Fringe Festival Cult Hit". Coming to the Underbelly, Edinburgh, 5th-30th August.
We are a fledgling theatre company based in Atlanta looking to fund our first show, Sincerity Forever by playwright Mac Wellman.
An Irish show about mental illness though the eyes of the man experiencing it. Support this show and help get it to Boulder and NYC.
Bare Theatre and Sonorous Road collaborate on the NC debut of  Allan Maule's gamer fantasy play that was extended in New York.
5 actors. 39 characters. 1 epic adventure. Presented by the Cradle Theatre Company.
An original play exploring the complications of romantic relationships in all forms.
Help us run Leith’s acclaimed, year round pub theatre VPT as part of Edinburgh Fringe 2015. Presenting 72 short plays over two weeks.
The first four-week performance run for our dance-theatre company, Geste Records, to be performed at The Yard Theatre in September.
One Shot Theatre Company is an organization that promotes youth theatre for social change, putting on shows that open a social dialogue
Help Moth Live! Support Moth and its artist collective to achieve its 2014/15 season.
Monies raised will help offset production costs of  transportation of set and actors, theatre rental and advertising costs.
A terse and delicate dissection of male emotions from a rural perspective: fathers and sons, legacy and heritage, molasses and mud.
A Chicago staged reading of Jim Cartwright's 1992 play-with-music, "The Rise and Fall of Little Voice."
A new take on a classic. Under the direction of Rosanna Saracino, We are exploring the darker elements of A Midsummer Night's Dream.
Staged play within the communities of eastern ( Kinston Wilson Wilmington ) North Carolina ! Funds will allow a child to attend! THX
After a successful premiere run at Edinburgh 2014, it's been rewritten and revised and is back for another run of Edinburgh fun in 2015
It’s your favorite classic with a twist. This summer, Chicago youth recreate Romeo and Juliet in The Mesh-n-Groove annual production!
A Theatrical Production Celebrating the Lebanese Culture and the Human Spirit in Time of War.
Sex, deception, addiction, life. 
A quality piece of relevant theatre at one of London's most vibrant and respected fringe theatres.
Don’t miss Golden Thread’s new family-friendly play with live music about Ziryab, the 9th century musician and cultural trailblazer!
Novus Theatre bring you their new show 'Fantastic Mr Fox'. We hope to improve the pay for our cast and crew through Kickstarter.
The	next	project on the	horizon is	renovation of the exterior	façade of	the Spring Garden	Mill,	which is in need of paint and	repair.
After a successful run at London's Cockpit Theatre, we are invited to perform in Gardzienice OPT and at Teatr Polski in Warsaw, Poland.
Write Now 5 is a new writing festival in south east London promoting new work from emerging playwrights.
An evening of of stories based both in myth and truth.
I love to write. I have written and published my first book and everyone that read it enjoyed it. My dream is to one day write movies
A book and a play. Narrated by the ghost of Will Shakespeare and the ghost of his dog Crab,  Their adventures in the afterlife...
North Texas first actor-driven theatre company needs your help
A richly textured and intellectually powerful social commentary about family, community and America.
I am seeking to turn my collection of urban poetry into a stage play. My desire is to inspire victims to heal.
Is Henson willing to dare risk a theatrical speaking tour of his North Pole adventures...and more?
Headaches: a play composed of personal testimonies, writings and music, centered on mental illness and its effects on people's lives.
The African tale of Anansi the Spider is that of a trickster who often uses cleverness and harmless jokes to get what he wants.
We aim to produce a Professional Published Play for two days in October 2015 on Fri 30th & Sat 31st with three performances in total.
A funny, poignant play that revives the forgotten life and adventures of great Scottish Canadian, world renowned poet, Robert Service.
SKYLAR'S SYNDROME is a tremendous psychodrama by master playwright Gavin Kayner!
Shakespeare's beloved tragedy, MacBeth, staged in the Black Hills of Wyoming during Sturgis '76. Warning! This is no church picnic!
WMHAE by Julie McNamara, raises awareness of the effects domestic violence has on the mental health of young people who witness it.
We are mounting a production of Neil Simon's brilliant comedy, The Odd Couple, and need your help to make it as wonderful as we can.
A classical/ fantasy version of midsummers done by professionally trained actors in Tulsa!
We have created an outstanding mobile Performing Arts Program that has great impact on the social development in multiple communities.
Will Power Troupe is the only US group invited to perform in London's Shakespeare Festival. We need your help to bring the USA to UK!
Be a PRODUCER of the Original stage play BELLE DAME SANS MERCI by Michael Fenlason! :-) :-( !
'The Pendulum Swings' is a three-act dark comedy that sees Frank and Michael await their execution on Death Row.
V-Day Southern Utah University 2015 and Second Studio Players presents: The Vagina Monologues
Exámen final de alumnos del Centro de Capacitación de la ANDA. Son extractos de obras: El Jardín de los CerezoS, Madre Coraje y Casa
Salute the Centenary with this satirical and moving play. The centenary has national relevance, and we want to mark it in our community
OTHELLO, directed by Daniel Echevarria. A tragedy that highlights political corruption and the madness that can come out of love.
A performance to inspire people, regardless of their faith, to visualise the repentance of Hurr and the forgiveness of Imam Hussain
Set in the near future, this version of Shakespeare's classic play looks at how events that shook an empire could still happen today.
A play to raise awareness about the effects of mental illness on a military family in the Cold War area.
We aim to bring creative, innovative, exciting, educational and fun community theater (with a professional attitude) to a new location.
Theatre Memoire are a High Wycombe based theatre company. Performing plays about multi-culturalism and interconectedness.
A tale of obsession, science, and lost love! Help the Caddo Magnet Players give this student-written play its debut on a real stage!
In 2016, KO Theatre presents a world premiere play in Toronto, ON about faith, home, and the secrets we keep from those we love.
One of the most popular American plays of the last decade comes to London for its international premiere. Festive and bittersweet.
This Victorian gothic tragedy tells the untold story of Estella Havisham. Combining puppetry, music and striking digital projections.
Bare Theatre brings one of Shakespeare's most accessible early comedies to life free to the public across the NC Triangle
Trip The Light Theatre needs YOUR help to fund it's second run of its debut production 'The Sun Shining On her Hands' in London.
a colder water than here is a new play by Matt Jones and directed by Lily McLeish that will be perfomed at VAULT Festival from 1-5 Feb
A Season of Powerful Women. A Season of Defiance.
After electrifying audiences in Seattle and Tashkent, The Seagull Project embarks on a brand new journey.
Recently under fire for its cheeky and contextual revisiting of an ancient comedy, this show has lost funding and needs your support!
Help us reach our "stretch goal" of $2000! We are an adult group specializing in adapting works of fiction for the stage.
Honorable Men - Yorick's 10th season of free, outdoor Shakespeare.  Featuring Henry IV, part 1 and Julius Caesar.
Bring the spectacular PLEASE EXCUSE MY DEAR AUNT SALLY to Edinburgh this August for a 4-week run at the prestigious Pleasance Theatre!
Visión Latino Theatre Company was founded by three young latino professionals sharing the stories of everyday latinos.
A musical comedy production celebrating the unique, lovable, insufferable ski culture of the modern day mountain town.
The Judgement of Paris is an exciting, inspirational poem set to run Oct. 2, 3 & 4 at Plays & Players, but we need funding and fans.
The Shakespeare All-Stars are producing "The Complete Works of William Shakespeare (Abridged)" June 23 - July 3. This time with ladies!
A group of Stanford students are going to present Jean-Paul Sartre's play, The Respectful Prostitute, at the end of Spring quarter.
Tim Arthur's 21st anniversary sell-out production of his 'chilling' and 'sinister' ghostly thriller returns to the Edinburgh Fringe!
A new twist on our annual festival of fully-produced plays by member playwrights, performed by a talented ensemble cast!
The Blind Owl in co-production with Halcyon Theatre will stage "dirty butterfly" a voyeuristic drama by Britain's debbie tucker green.
*** TO MAKE DONATIONS IN THE FUTURE                                   GO TO OUR WEBSITE: www.compassplayers.com ***
Help a small theater produce an original adaptation of Lewis Carroll's classic story.
The Star on My Heart, an original play based on a survivor of the Terezin concentration camp, with community outreach for all ages.
Angel on the Corner need YOUR help to raise £3,500 to take Zero Down by Sarah Hehir to the Edinburgh Fringe Festival this August!
EUPHORIA! is a new play about the decriminalization of drugs, and its profound effect on both the criminals in prison and "The Man."
A new production of Twelfth Night with an ambitious and enthusiastic group of high school students who love Shakespeare and teamwork.
We have a brand new play. We urgently need your help to fund our production, which opens at Theatre503 on August 18th.
A Festival Backed Production of a Full-Length Play.
Snowglobe Theatre, a new Montreal company, will be presenting Shakespeare's "Much Ado about Nothing" at Mainline Theatre in January
Corners Grove is a coming-of-age play about leaving home, gender identity and the death of Whitney Houston; will benefit Win NYC.
SYLVIA is a modern romantic comedy about a marriage and a talking dog. Directed by Jeanna Michaels. January 12 through January 29, 2017
"Special in a Bad Way" is a comedy that questions American Public Schools in their treatment of the so called, 'learning disabled.'
A fast paced, comedic play about an anxiety-ridden filmmaker who lies to investors about having Christopher Walken in his film.
New writing • Twisty-turny magical realist retro sci-fi • Human lives • Storytelling • The slope our society slips down...
We're a zero-budget, non-profit theatre group based in Oslo and have been invited to perform at a conference in Belgium. Help!
We’re producing a Northern Brexit sci-fi play for VAULT festival 2017 and we need your help!
A new one-man play by Giles Roberts, shining a different light on the very human cost of war *IDEASTAP UNDERBELLY AWARD WINNER 2015*
Transforming bystanders into anti-bullies since 2012 thru inclusive learning environments.  Together we can take back our classrooms.
SOC produces affordable and accessible theatre in the heart of Orange County, CA, and we need your help to match a $5,000 grant!
“Free Jujube Brown” by Psalmayene 24 is coming home to NYC and we need YOUR support of this moving and inspiring piece
The world premiere of hysterically funny and heartbreaking story about family, unconditional love and facing the unfaceable
A touring production of FRED's modern adaptation of the classic Victorian comic novel, reaching out to new audiences.
PantoSoc are taking Sweeney Todd to the Fringe!

We will be performing in Edinburgh for two weeks, and we need your help to get there!
EggSalad presents an unflinching new work mapping the mental landscape of addiction and recovery. Premiering in NY Aug 26-27 & Sept 2!
A chilling original Edwardian Comedy of errors and foolishness made for the Patrick Henry College stage.
Sometimes your Heart has to STOP for your Life to START.
Empty Deck presents the most exciting unknown contemporary Scandinavian plays in co-production with The Other Room Theatre, Cardiff.
Invest in the world premiere of WORSE THAN TIGERS at ACT, and in the future of Seattle's newest, female-led theatre company: RED STAGE.
We have an award-winning Danish play, now we just need a bathroom set to perform it in. Spend a penny to help us build the set!
We had everything sorted for the Fringe, but now our accommodation and Edinburgh angel have fallen through. We're needing vital help.
Creating outstanding performance experiences with young actors from all economic backgrounds. Making great theatre accessible to all!
We will bring you the world of Tennessee Williams right to the front door of your home, school, church, theatre and community.
A play that raises awareness for mental health and explores the psychological effects childhood abuse can have on an adult.
KHOJALY is a new play that gives a voice to refugees the world over, telling the story of the survivors of the 1992 massacre in Khojaly
A new work inspired by the classic novel and created by Dallas teens under the direction of professional artists.
What would you do with the time ticking and the pressure building to make a choice?! Find out what happens in this hilarious new play!!
The Attic Theater Company presents John Patrick Shanley's THE DREAMER EXAMINES HIS PILLOW, the first official revival since 1986
“The Event of a Lifetime…”

After the books stopped selling, and family disappears..the next event is closer than expected for him.
Boys of a Certain Age is a unique and special show that we're trying to remount in New York City in 2017.
Each year our community comes together to put on a fun and funny family show. We need your help to keep our annual event going.
Groundbreaking queer theatre.
Teens in Take Note Troupe put on Shakespeare in the Park annually. Keep relevant, family-friendly Shakespeare in the community!
A pop-up outdoor theatre company bringing accessible Shakespeare to parks and other locations in the greater Phoenix area!
A hilarious comedy show about motherhood...through stories, videos and stand-up you'll realize YOU’RE NOT CRAZY, motherhood is!
I want to produce the first-ever all-pug production of "Hamlet."  As you can imagine, this will require finding very talented pugs.
It's exactly what you think it is: a historical parody of your favorite sitcom about a bar and its psychiatrist spinoff!
Marina's mother has disappeared at sea.  Everyone believes she has drowned.  But Marina believes her mother has become a mermaid.
Bringing one of Neil LaBute's incredibly witty and viciously honest plays, about body image and the effect it has on us, to life!
Scissortail is a story of loss, grief, and recovery based on the events of the 1995 Oklahoma City Bombing.
LOOKING FOR GOOD PEOPLE to help fund our production of "Good People" with Kia Hellman & Shayne Anderson, directed by Christine Dunford.
Support CPS students' travel to North Carolina to interview community members and produce the documentary play, Greensboro: A Requiem.
"This is how theater should connect to people"  Margo Jefferson, Pulitzer Prize winning critic
Sherlock Holmes's "Case of the Blue Carbuncle" & "Case of the Dying Detective" staged as One Act Plays this December.
The Eno River Players is a community theater in Durham, North Carolina. We are trying to raise money to get our second show on its feet
'Gretel and Hansel' by Sam Leeves - an inclusive, multi-sensory theatre production for children aged seven to eleven and their families
Black Enough is an LSU student-staged performance exploring the effects of white supremacy on the black community.
An ensemble-driven play inspired by real-life accounts about six young women who lost their fathers on 9/11. August 2016 at FringeNYC!
An inspirational one-man play about crisis, community, and the search for wholeness.
Cancer patient Anne Bartram's bucket list wish, is to have her new play performed at a London venue and reviewed by a national paper.
We are raising funds for our second production. This will be the first NYC Equity production of THE DRESSER since 1982. www.TETCNY.org
Iver Heath Drama Club is a not-for-profit community group and this year we are performing DICK WHITTINGTON.
A young theatre company promoting new talent and looking for help in funding our very first set for our black comedy "old man's Gift"
A comedic drama about The Devil and his quest to take a bride and to Hell with the consequences, no matter what they may be.
A dark theatrical comedy about four actors recording a warped radio version of Lewis Carroll's 'Alice's Adventures in Wonderland'.
A father loses his family in a freak plane crash and goes on to murder the air traffic controller he holds responsible.
A stylishly sinister story about blood, guns, and raw ambition. You can help Great Minds bring the world's most dangerous play to life!
I'm Alright. A story of young women, told by young women, for the world.
A quick-witted original comedy that follows a group of eccentric friends as they attend an engagement party gone terribly wrong!
A subversive parody about the two people for whom the hills were NOT alive with THE SOUND OF MUSIC.
Get Repetitive Beats to Vaults! A high octane play set in Oxford  during one of the most influential & hedonistic movements in music.
The US premiere of the controversial new Polish play the authorities don't want you to see, staged by an award-winning director.
Filosofía de los anónimos
'Can you ever find acceptance in death?' 
Rose of June is a piece of theatre exploring the stages of grief. Unity Theatre - September
A play by Alexei Arbuzov about the lives of three teenagers during the Nazi siege of Leningrad, 1942, in a new adaptation by Nick Dear.
A Hard Rain is a new play that takes place on the eve of the Stonewall riots in the ‘hidden’ gay bars of 1969 Greenwich Village.
A creative art therapy project for Syrian children. Romeo & Juliet are lovers separated by war. Romeo in Jordan & Juliet in Syria.
Peter Brook Award Nominees Empty Deck need £3500 to get 'Cosmic Fear or The Day Brad Pitt Got Paranoia' to the Edinburgh Fringe!
Art imitates life: This prophetic 1960 satire follows presidential candidates who stop at nothing to capture their party's nomination.
Six gay men, emotional baggage, and online dating: what could go wrong? A play about looking for love and finding something better.
An Equity Reading of a new play; Intimate drama about a family dealing with consequence of actions after a school shooting.
Stories from the Bronx make for an uncommon play. Help us finish funding this production, supported by the Kevin Spacey Foundation.
Pollyanna just completed an extremely successful run of this new educational play and wants to tour to more under-served communities.
ICONS is a unique new play about the Amazon warrior women from Greek myth and re-imagines them from a contemporary female perspective.
Chimera Ensemble is launching 2 inaugural theater productions, and we need support to do high quality work!
1140 Productions adapts Shakespeare's 'Romeo and Juliet' for a contemporary audience. It's a raw, melancholic spin on the classic tale.
New play about the comfort and the danger of living with memories. Gay themes. Experienced team looking to present first reading
Life is more than the days you have left. 1 in 3 tells of two normal people & their confrontation with mortality and the dice of fate.
hiSTORYstage presents a film noir-style comedy mystery with a Shakespearean twist performed as a 1944 radio drama.
Ambitious, Edinburgh-based company, Thrive Theatre, are bringing their brand new comedy BUFFER to the 2014 Edinburgh Fringe!
Miramar is a a darkly funny play exploring what it is we call ‘home’.
"Rainbowtown" is a new play for kids. Help us bring it to the Main Line during the 2014 Philadelphia Fringe Festival!
Help a group of recovering alcoholics bring Samuel Beckett's classic to a seaside town!
We're mounting a theatrical adaptation of Lord of the Flies completely student directed, produced, designed, managed and performed.
13 young people have taken over Spinning Wheel Theatre to choose, produce and create their own show from scratch.
A hilarious comedy starring Sarah, a recent grad, who uses the magic of a mystical open mic to solve the problems of her relationships.
Support a daring new theatre creation               
Supportez une audacieuse compagnie internationale et aidez-les à créer leur pièce
It’s a celebration of our heritage. Well, not all of ours. If you live in Liberty Falls, it’s yours. If you don’t, then it's not.
Two worlds, one bond - no turning back.
A dark comedy about domestic abuse and the power of an unlikely friendship
The Montclair Shakespeare Series presents staged readings of Shakespeare's work in historic venues throughout the summer in Montclair.
We are Seance Theatre Group trying to fund our first performance, Noel Coward's hysterical comedy farce, Blithe Spirit.
A funny and moving new play about two families dealing with aging parents in very different ways!
Biddy is 24. Biddy is a hopeless romantic. Biddy always wanted to be a vegan. Find out what happens
when Biddy gets sectioned.
Help us take "She Has a Name", the human trafficking story of one victim, on tour to all over Northern and Central California.
Exciting and visceral new-writing that challenges the way we view the fine line between war and terror...
Join us in a campaign benefitting the southland company and its interdisciplinary artistic efforts in Los Angeles.
The world's Boarding School history is brutal. But in this acclaimed play, Natives run the school, and Whites are being assimilated.
Rough Haired Pointer present for the first time ever Joe Orton's 'Fred & Madge' at the Hope Theatre, Islington this Sept and Oct
The RC Players are beyond excited to be bringing this controversial, socially-minded show to Michigan's campus, but we need your help!
We are raising funds to allow for enhanced scenic, costume, and lighting design. Every dollar helps!
Be part of bringing this witty, engaging & important play by award-winning writer Silva Semerciyan to London's Theatre 503 this summer.
Fury Theatre is bringing Mamet's powerful play, Oleanna, to life!  Help us get ahead of funding so we can keep theater affordable.
Atlanta SoloSchool brings a beloved children's play to the 4th Annual Festival of Russian Youth Theaters in Washington, DC on May 31.
As part of the 400th anniversary of Shakespeare’s death, AC Productions will present a new production of Hamlet adapted by Peter Reid
A powerful and urgent tale of the first line of defence for the NHS. Based on true stories from junior doctors.
Waterwell's New Works Lab @ PPAS is the country's leading development program for challenging new plays for young actors.
Developing and presenting Rotimi Babatunde's stage adaptation of The Secret Lives of Baba Segi's Wives directed by Femi Elufowoju, jr
Forest Hills Eastern's Student Run Show 2015. Our goal is to present a professional quality show on a budget.
Maggie is a deaf girl determined to make a silent film masterpiece. Help us share her story with students across the state of Idaho.
The Erlkings is a play that uses the writings of the perpetrators of the Columbine Shooting to explore the inner lives of these boys.
Part ghost story, part cautionary tale, Holocene is a play about the end of our world, and the beginning of another.
A new play developed in collaboration with graduating theatre makers, premiering at the Edinburgh Fringe Festival 2014.
The WORLD PREMIERE of Neil Smith's beautiful and thrilling new version of Strindberg's modern masterpiece - CREDITORS.
I would like to raise a small budget to put on my first play, Virtual Reality. To be put on at 53two, Manchester - 29th & 30th Nov 16
We need support for our play so we can promote awareness of kidney diseases and the effect it has on sufferers and their families.
Our 1st full season!  We need your help to fund costumes, sets, props & help bringing these wonderful shows to the stage!
Bare Theatre stages A.R. Gurney's Pulitzer Finalist script about a relationship spanning a lifetime and long distance.
death&pretzels presents their first Chicago based project:
The Dybbuk by S. Ansky
Bringing Tennessee Williams, Shakespeare, and 8 world class actors to Longview, Washington to build a play in and for the community.
People Of Interest is providing free tickets to "Campo Maldito" for Tenderloin residents who could not otherwise afford to see it.
Please help us fund "Damselfly" - The Play ( put on by Saints on Stage Alumni & sponsored by Mothers Against Medical Error)
Join people who stutter as they come together to support Stuttering & Alzheimer's organizations. Everyone's voice is heard right now!!
Klippies is the debut play from Johannesburg-born writer Jessica Siân, premiering at the Southwark Playhouse, London in May 2015.
LA-based team of professional actors and directors taking Rajiv Joseph's harrowing and romantic play to the Boulder community.
We are producing the play Bug, by Tracy Letts.  This will be an inspiring show, and a great way to bring help to a great LA charity.
An Evening of Radio aims to showcase original work written by undergraduate playwriting students in the style of live staged readings.
A new play about dual-faced identities in the gay community, particularly among those who are deaf and those living with HIV.
WE NEED YOUR HELP! We are a small town youth arts ensemble, training kids excited about theatre. We need dollars. We need YOU!
Rehearsal & development of our first project as Axon Theatre: "The Star-Spangled Girl" in South Wales.
Pope Head: The Secret Life of Francis Bacon – A solo show celebrating the artist. Touring a land Down Under 12 Feb - 14 March '15.
"He was a poet, a vagrant, a philosopher, a lady's man and a hard drinker"
The Mount-- a new play based off the life of Edith Wharton-- is having its premiere reading AT the real Mount in Lenox, MA!
Help us produce this original play! The play will be presented at the LSTFI July 12-14. Follow us on Facebook.
The Beautiful House' is a story of modern mummification and the present day post-humanist crisis in our relationship with death.
I'm a high school student in New Jersey planning on producing and directing a Twilight Zone Play for a "One Act" competition.
hiSTORYstage presents Eric Overmyer's story of three 19th century women on a journey through time, and space, all the way to 1955!
A full length comedy, Patagonia follows Grason and Jerry on their journey through a magical, South-American rainforest.
Knee Slappers new production coming to Camden Fringe 2014! Presenting this off the wall, dark comedy for lovers of the bizzare. Groovy.
Be a part of helping bring the 2013 Tony Award winning comedy "Vanya and Sonia and Masha and Spike" to the Edgemar Center for the Arts!
"Thief," a one man touring show, a theatrical experience portraying a supernatural story about the 3 days Jesus spent in the grave.
Robots, Space Battles, Mystery, and Intrigue. Nothing is Impossible...
I promised my mother on her deathbed that I would tell the world MY story, so here it goes...crossing fingers, 2015 SF FRINGE
Cyril needs your help to MAKE new puppet friends to accompany him on a magical journey through storytelling, puppetry and clown.
'Pushers' is an exciting new play and the first project for brand new theatre company, Ain't Got No Home Productions.
Help the Upstart Crows of Santa Fe bring Shakespeare's Julius Caesar to life with quality wooden stage swords!
Uncalled For is finally bringing their latest work of intelligently reckless stream-of-consciousness sketch comedy to Toronto.
Why Do We Know More About Kim Kardashian Than Abigail Adams?  Let's produce and publish a play about women who MAKE and MADE history!
Family Duels is a tragicomedy about family, filth, fraud and fornication. Please help us bring Crooked Tree to the Camden Fringe.
The Spotlight Youth Theater is a program where every participant has a moment in the spotlight.
Venus in Fur, By David Ives.
Amidst the atrocities of WWII, two women transcend enemy lines to make the ultimate heroic sacrifice.
A brilliant play by Will Eno. An exciting, young theatre company. A production that promises to wow. You wouldn't want to miss it.
The 2016 Resident class is producing a family play about one kid's quest to fly. Help us inspire the next generation of theatre lovers!
Shakespeare Company at UCLA presents The Tempest under the stars in the Fowler Museum Amphitheater. Bring your blankets and enjoy!
We have the Blackbox Fellowship at Boston Playwright's Theatre, now all we need is your support to produce Kevin's new play!
We need your help purchasing a stage for our production of the Wizard of Oz! This program is helping children with autism. Thank you!
A one-woman show by Canadian artist Tina Milo. it is a multimedia show about an actress auditioning for a role of a depressed woman.
A one-woman play based on Lizzie Borden who was accused of the brutal hatchet murders of her father and step-mother.  Workshop Oct NYC.
We've been invited to the San Diego International Fringe Festival. Can you help us get there? Special performances in SLC and OREM.
This solo show has the power to profoundly impact new mothers and those that love them and to educate & change how we support them.
Figure 8 Troupe's debut performance! A stunning piece of theatre written by premier female playwright Maria Irene Fornes.
A minimalist, post-modern production of the classic play, performed and produced by aspiring theater undergraduates at UMass Amherst.
'Pig' by Alex Oates is an urgent and dark comedy with live music that discusses the vital issue of the state of our police force.
Dickhead is a play about one man's struggle with the dicks in his head. If you want to know more stop being a twat and put out...please
A group of Sicilian immigrants in New York struggle to deal with conflict from both within the family and from without.
The Sterling Lion Theater Company is a non-profit theater group established for the benefit of the Connecticut lower Naugatuck Valley.
Four myths.
Four writers.
Four new takes.

The Four Disgracers comes to the stage to launch a new theatre group, Ixion.
The Secret is a historical drama about a lawyer who worked for the Spanish Inquisition & crossed the Atlantic with Menendez in 1565.
Please help our troupe bring our first project from planning to reality! Join us on one exciting ride!
Roll The Dice Theatre Company revolves around taking risks in the game of life vicariously through beloved childhood games.
PL@Y is an original comedic fantasy spectacle inspired by the original music of the Amboys and classic rabbit-hole fiction archetypes
The Uncommon Loons return with Much Ado for a 2nd production of Shakespeare in Minnesota's Nature on the banks of the Mississippi!
The world premiere of the first full-length play by Eve Leigh, at the intimate Finborough Theatre in London.
We're making a hard hitting, innovative play which will open your eyes to what mental illness is like in the mind of the sufferer.
Brazos Valley TROUPE is taking an original work, Truth AND Consequences, to the Texas Nonprofit Theaters 2014 Youth Conference
My play "In the Hour Before the Bars Open" has won an award from KCACTF, but I need to present the play in Georgia to receive it!
We are casting an all-inclusive production of Shakespeare's Twelfth Night in a non-traditional performance space.
A new play about a lesser known yet pivotal event in American history, about a group of WWI Veterans fighting for their rights.
Support an outstanding cast of actors to take on a professional production of a masterpiece of modern theatre
One play.  Two theaters.  See the story from both sides and then decide for yourself - who are the BEASTS OF BAVERLY GROVE?
Bookstory is a tiny puppet musical with some very big ideas that tells the story of the story in the digital age
Help us to bring "Protocols" at the 2015 Camden Fringe. The most controversial play of the year.
A professionally directed/acted workshop & reading for a new play depicting sexual addiction and its crippling effect on relationships.
New show with 2 performers and an original score, bringing the true story of this forgotten WW1 heroine to audiences in the southwest.
An old play about our world. Set in 1970s England, Magnificence is a gut-wrenching story of radicalisation, idealism and pity.
A West Texas matriarch is enraged by the news that her gay grandson has been the victim of a hate crime committed by his own father.
The Attic interns present Tennessee Williams's "Talk to Me Like the Rain and Let Me Listen" performing at The Flea Theater!
By day we perform Acts of Kindness, by night we perform free theater, all sustained by the love of our neighbors, not ticket prices.
A 'tasty' new drama ~"Booker T Washington of Tuskegee, Alabama, dined with the President (Roosevelt) last evening."~ the White House.
pluck. productions present their first four-week run - the world premiere of David K. Barnes' BIRTHDAY SUIT at the Old Red Lion.
Partners w/the Black Arts & Cultural Center; we use theatre to EDUCATE & EMPOWER through diverse expressions of the human experience.
MOONFACE explores the formative f***k-ups of adolescence. Fresh, incisive new writing. Monologue, movement and striking naturalism.
UASPA is a performing arts high school producing its 2014 Theatre Showcase featuring our strongest performances and original work.
Support Lock&Key Theatre's 'Timon of Athens' by donating to our printing! Every penny goes to posters, programmes, flyers and scripts.
Professional actors bring to life the true stories of 5 African-Americans struggling with mental health and their search for healing.
MASKS is a dramedy dealing with what it means to be alive, the reliability of identity, and what it means to suffer.
Baby Living Room is a project created by Spazio Farma Mestre for children: free theatre for kids as sustainable education for families
'Immortal', a play about five English Air Bombers in WW2, is an exciting first project for the brand new Production Company, GreanTea.
A play by April Yvette Thompson. A Gullah Healer Woman and an Afro-Cuban Priest forge a new world of magic & dreams in Jim Crow Miami.
We're making a show about sex. Because it's important, everyone wants to talk about it and it's at the start of everything.
A theatre company designed to help young people to come out of their shell. Offering workshops and original shows directly to schools.
The world premiere of an endearing play about love, friendship, men's styling putty, Dungeons & Dragons & our capacity for forbearance.
How You Kiss Me Is Not How I Like To Be Kissed

a new play by Dan Giles

coming to FringeNYC 2015

www.howyoukissme.com
ThreeWay is a part-verbatim play that explores dating & what happens when someone finds the love of their life, except it’s two people.
Written a solo show about celebrity, and I'll be performing it at the famous Just The Tonic this Edinburgh Fringe - Help me get there!
Multi Award-Winng play THE PILLOWMAN coming to the Arts Centre Theatre, Aberdeen
The Honeymoon is Over is a romantic comedy about a recently eloped couple learning the dynamics of living together for the first time.
A "bold, subversive and very funny" clown cookery show about searching for self worth in a cheesecake - VAULT Festival & Tour 2015
First stage adaptation of Sarah Moore Fitzgerald's beautiful novel about Alzheimer's and time travel with a live folk score.
GK. Jr (for student actors 12 and under) will bring George Macdonald's story to life. 10+ speaking parts & many non-speaking parts!
In 2015, Green Light is producing 3 shows of new plays exclusively written, directed and created by women- help make it happen!
Theatre Machine presents an all-new adaptation of Maxim Gorky's classic of Russian theatre, The Lower Depths.
Support Kuleshov’s first full length production; help to build the set and bring a fierce and important new play to life
A darkly comic one woman show by Abram Rooney as part of The Camden Fringe 2015.
London based theatre makers collaborating to create a new show about the history of HipHop.
Help Galli Theater continue to bring fairytales to children in English & German in our theater and to institutions serving children.
An island in hell. Cleopatra, Joan of Arc, & Queen Victoria wait, trapped in the memory of who they were... until Anaïs Nin shows up.
Vote here for whatever show you want to see next year! No gimmick, no stretch goals, just a simple vote and a free ticket.
Our goal is to bring this story of one town's processing of tragedy and their own community identity to Utah County.
An unsparing, slightly surreal look at the effects of the private rented sector on two young women. Based on real events.
Following success with 'The Canada Boys' and 'Parachute', we are looking for financial help from the community with our new production
Annabel Lost combines visual art and performance poetry to tell the story of two orphaned refugees, Quetzal and Rhime.
An extraordinary, punchy and provocative new play, providing a voice for women to address their sexuality and self worth. #EDFREAK
A contemporary American play touching on the scorching realities of growing up in the Millennial generation.
Bumbling architect Romeo and handsome contractor Mario meet their match while building a balcony for Verona, NJ siren, Juliet.
Critically-acclaimed Old Trunk are back with their new play. 
PRAMKICKER. 

Written by Sadie Hasler & directed by Sarah Mayhew.
The world premiere of a play, a true story about love, loss, and a man reaching back in time as the only way to move forward.
See Theatre In A New Light
The GSA BA (Hons) Acting class of 2016 are taking a transfer of their GSA Production to The Cockpit Theatre in London
Touring the fast-paced, playful and poignant story of three twenty-somethings in a mental-health support group.
After being officially selected for the 2015 FringeNYC Festival, we are looking for your help to put on this new and exciting play!
Two men on trial for desertion, confined within a Glasshouse. How long can friendship last? How much can a man stand before he breaks?
We are trying to produce a kid friendly show about an imaginative journey through space and time. Help us create our wonderland!!
Sex. Fish. A COMET THAT DESTROYS THE WORLD. boom a play by Peter Sinn Nachtrieb- Feb 19-21 at The Bridge in NYC.
A staged reading for "Lucy & Vincente" in NYC. A new play about Lucille Ball & Vincente Minnelli in Hollywood, 1953.
An adaptation that realizes the internal struggle of Ibsen’s most renowned protagonist as she traverses a claustrophobic social world
A new theatre company staging Will Eno's The Flu Season in Seattle
A play about the last eight years of the life of Egon Schiele, one of the most influential Austrian Expressionist artists.
"I think that I have my own will. I can stop this, I tell myself. But it's not true."
River City Theatre Company needs your support as we embark on our thirteenth production, CINDERELLA!
Help Chrysalis get this production off the ground!  An original play, we only need $500 to get this production on its feet!
The First Play From The Man Who Brought You The Black James Bond!
New play 'Pink Confetti' by Paul Roberts at The Courtyard Theatre produced by Etch and directed by Oliver Dawe.
A student directed and student performed production of Shakespeare's Macbeth in Milwaukee's beautiful Lake Park on June 3rd & 4th
Help produce "Thank You For Waiting," a new play that explores friendship, loss, and mental illness, at the 2016 Frigid Festival!
“Suddenly Split & Swiping Over” is a sassy and heartfelt one-woman show about ending a longterm relationship and starting over.
We are a new Theatre Company who are fundraising to put on a new production of the play 'The Blue Room' in High Wycombe and Maidenhead
Support Swansea's youngest theatre company Critical Ambition, in their co-production of BLINK with Volcano and The Other Room.
'E15' is a verbatim project that looks at the story of the Focus E15 Campaign
Help us get the show on the road! Petrification is a new play about home, memory and identity and we need your help to tour.
The Florence Company premieres its first stage play at the Chelsea Theatre in London with an original piece of writing
ALLIE is a new dark comedy play which will premiere at the Edinburgh Festival Fringe 2015. Written and produced by Ruaraidh Murray.
Miranda Conquest is Britain’s top celebrity chef. One problem: she can’t cook. A comedy about control, celebrity and kitchen knives.
All aboard for the world premiere of a new steampunk-inspired train adventure play, written by Maggie Lee and directed by Amy Poisson!
Auch dieses Jahr soll wieder unter der Leitung von Christian Seiler & Bruno Catalano ein Projekt der AG Theater stattfinden.
Vi mindes 400-året for Shakespeares død ved at producere en forestilling, som indeholder alt det, som vi kender Shakespeare for.
Life is hard when your own imaginary friend can't make time for you.
We want you to analyze while we dramatize if people who romanticize can recognize true love in a disguise.
We are a young company who have been accepted to put on our play at The Courtyard Theatre. We need £250 for flyers, props and costume!
AENY-Spanish Artists in NY brings Juan Diego Botto's "brilliant script" (El País) for "An Invisible Piece of this World" to the stage.
I'm an Inuit playwright chosen for the esteemed Arctic Circle Residency in Svalbard to write about 1800's Inuk woman guide, Tookoolito.
An Original Short Play: two young women search for answers about sexuality, the history they are taught, and their animal instincts.
A Fantastic creation about Napoleon, through his words and letters, sublimated by a musical score of rare beauty. Magnificent poetry!
Artistic Internship @ Ojai Playwrights Conference
A short man takes his tall family to court for stealing his height. Help Small Things Theatre take this big story to EdFringe 2015!
A stunning production of Michele Lowe's biting play, The Smell of the Kill.  Brought to you by Michael Sheeks and his friends & heroes.
Prowl Theatre Company is brand new. We are putting on our first play 'Sexual perversity in Chicago', from the 10th to the 16th August
Debauchery, laughter, violence and politics. Why wouldn't you want help Drama Soc's production of 'Posh' be the best it can be?
Bring a touring character education play about making wise choices to elementary students in Kentuckiana. Vote Kylie for President!
1984. An IRA bomb explodes at the Grand Hotel. Years on, the bomber and a victim's daughter meet. The meeting changes both their lives.
Zoe is a teenage girl growing up in a deeply disturbing society. If those paid to protect her aren't listening, then who is?
Theaterprojekt 12. Kl. Waldorfschule Essen. 2 junge Regisseure bringen volles Engagement & Zeit ein. Für ihre Finanzierung sammeln wir.
3 decades, 3 generations, 3 friends, one house. Real Eyes Theatre explore how our lives are influenced by the decades we grow up in.
The Black and White Theatre Company Inc. is a small company who loves to perform and entertain, but needs your support to succeed!
Goldfish Memory Productions seeks at least $12,000 to begin their first 3 professional projects.
The Ugly Collective takes Some big Some bang to the Underbelly Venues at the Edinburgh Fringe!
Bert V. Royal makes a strong statement about drug use, suicide, teen violence, rebellion and sexual identity in this powerful play.
In The Dudleys! family memories are brought to life as a malfunctioning 8-bit video game. Press Start.
HBO’s Going Clear meets Netflix’s Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt in this one-woman comedy that takes you into and out of a destructive cult.
My one-woman show invites audiences to join me on my path to pregnancy as I share my neuroses, challenges and revelations.
A Krumpus Story is a dark holiday comedy for anyone who wants a little more spice in their holiday fare.
Thespis Theater Festival presents Cassiopeia: A romantic tale of a bride finding her way to her unknown groom before it is too late.
Bare Theatre & Cirque de Vol Studios are back for another outdoor adventure in the amphitheatre at Raleigh Little Theatre!
This October, in association with Rogue Productions at FSU, I will be directing a production of Dog sees God.
"death (and straight boys)" is a 5 play cycle, loosely founded on the Kübler-Ross model, more commonly known as the 5 stages of grief.
The Tulip Tree is a project I have been passionate about for 5 years. It is an unforgettable story that has never been told.
A humorous, touching play about the joys and challenges of a married couple's tender, yet intense relationship "Love is never random"
A play honoring the lives and legacies of the activists and those remembered at the 1992 ACT UP Ashes Action at The White House
World Premiere of last play written by Amiri Baraka
Help us independently produce two great comedies by Christopher Durang.
Jason (Georgia on My Mind), a solo play about a modern quest to the Republic of Georgia in the ancient steps of Jason & the Argonauts
A new play exploring themes of reverence, belief, and certainty. 
"Because what is is, and what is cannot not be..."
Tony-Award Winning Play, The History Boys brought to you by the Independent Student Production Company Narrative Series: Page to Stage!
We are 10 years old - please help us celebrate the last 10 years and secure our future for the next 10 years.
With your support this one-man show will tour various theatres in the UK - it's a story of hero worship and love beyond the grave.
Two great political plays, separated in authorship by four hundred years but united in their urgency.
Tell Me That You Love Me, a new play about the love affair between Actress and Writer, with the novel Arch of Triumph as the backdrop
Help me produce the play I have written for my senior project!
Part-silent film, part-thriller, Dog Show sees four actors play a community of dogs and their owners. One autumn, a killer strikes.
Shakespeare's "Julius Caesar" inspires the unforgettable story of the "African Che Guevara" Thomas Sankara, President of Burkina Faso.
Dancing spirits and blood magic come together in-the-park to depict an image of retaliation against oppression in "The Tempest"
The award-winning Nottingham New Theatre presents an exciting experimental play about the multi-universe theory and love.
The play satirizes the Chicago improvisation scene exposing the rules of the craft and the eccentricities of its participants
Our original dramatic adaption of this Mozart opera is staged to create visually stunning fun with live music.
Support this collection of new plays by Kansas City writers and the artists who are bringing it to life!
Dear Stone Theater Company brings its inaugural production of Much Ado About Nothing to Logan Square, Chicago. Thanks for watching!
The filthily talented Ruby and Darling, take you on a raunch-tastic musical discovery of life with a vagina. #sayno
A comedy about, life, death, men, women, and the power of a good Kegel.
Two teachers and twenty kids bring one of Shakespeare's plays to life!
Married, Single, Divorced, Straight, Gay, Transgendered, Birth Mother, Adoptive Mother.... Everyone has a story.  These are ours.
Matt Fotis's play, Nights on the Couch, was accepted to the 28th Annual Strawberry One Act Festival! Show your support!
This summer, help some of the top high school theater students from across the country come to NYC to create a world premiere play.
Vibrant contemporary political theatre, exploring the professional and human impact of the growing corporate culture in education.
I am raising money to pay for the rights to produce Sylvia by A.R. Gurney. The show will be a fundraiser for Wayside Waifs.
A heart-warming comedy by award-winning writer about Love, Sex, Friendship of three old gay men in their 60s'!
William Carlisle has the world at his feet but its weight on his shoulders. He is intelligent, articulate and fucked.
A new piece of physical theatre about love, regret and longing.
Breaking the American Indian stereotype in the American Theatre.
Our birthing pains are over! Mamai Theatre Co. has delivered. Ease our growing pains as we move to downtown venues & Playhouse Square!
Un psychiatre reçoit une patiente souffrant d'amnésie, de mythomanie et de nymphomanie. S'en suit une cascade d'événements drolatiques.
Saltmine Theatre Company present Beauty and the Beast:
One man, one monster, one unforgettable act of violence. This is the story of the world’s most notorious terrorist. It is going to USA
A small theatre company taking 'Mine' on tour in early 2016. 'Mine' is a modern play and we hope to break on to the stage with a bang.
A week of rehearsal culminating in a staged reading of our three-actor adaptation of "Howards End," for potential producers.
Help us share an untold story of Britain's involvement in the slave trade, in the church where Wilberforce began his abolition campaign
A campaign to support the artists creating Theatre Forever's The Nature Crown, premiering in the Guthrie Theater's Dowling Studio!
Seliges Theater is a brand new theatre company based out of Bristol. "The God of Carnage" will be our debut show. Help us get started!
I wrote a One Act play called The Rooftop for a Female Playwright's festival. Every little bit helps!
Help Saltmine Theatre Company tell the exciting story of St Nicholas and the importance of gratefulness in their new Christmas show.
Mickey & Worm is a Noir stage experience, written by Santa Paula playwright John McKinley and back again on tour by popular demand!
We are Capital J Theater Company and are looking to create the first production of an Alumni Theater Series at The Pennington School!
The Battle of Britain has been lost; London is occupied, who can you trust? Help produce this classic piece of theatre. Drama for now.
In a visceral new play about family, grief and red meat, Sarah Kosar (Royal Court) asks how far we'd go to connect with those we love.
Avalon is a new South African Township play and Nakhtik is a  danced political lecture.
We each wrote a play and would like to produce them for you for nothing more than art's sake!
Charting the big stuff in life from dance routines to coming out; exploring homophobia, family, friendship & finding your own voice.
A new play about exploring outer space
Thank You For Smoking. A play about love, 5 trillion cigarettes and how the Flintstones earned the tobacco industry millions.
A celebratory community theatre project about the Focus E15 Occupation of empty council homes on Carpenters Estate.
Aidez-nous à financer notre projet Stop the tempo présenté du 18 nov au 12 déc 2015 au Théâtre Prospero! M.E.S de Michel-Maxime Legault
You like things that are funny. You (secretly) like murder. So why not support the NYC return of this hilarious whodunit?
Help us tour our brand new show "Stripe and Spot (Learn to) Get Along" to neighborhoods throughout the Twin Cities metro area!
The world premiere of an astounding new play at Southwark Playhouse exploring slut shaming/cyber bullying & the emotional repercussions
Following a sell-out run in Loughborough, Time at the Bar! is heading to this year's Fringe Festival... But we need your help!
The story of two women trying to produce their own version of Chekhov's The Seagull with limited resources and unfettered enthusiasm.
Theater students of UMass present a large-scale theater collaboration that will revolutionize the way you see Shakespeare.
The University of Exeter Shakespeare Society is touring its acclaimed show The Merchant of Venice to Stratford-upon-Avon!
We are raising funds for our local theatre group "The Stage Door". Funding required for lighting, stage equipment and productions.
A comedic play about hillbilly vampires and the absurdity of judging by appearances. Wanna live forever? Better watch what you drink.
Wax Wings is proud to be presenting the premiere of EYES. SHUT DOOR OPEN, a new play by Boston playwright Cassie M. Seinuk.
Come and help us make the Canterbury Shakespeare Festival a reality
A new play by Brandon Taitt.
Presented by The Theatre Cosmic. 
Premiering in August at the 2014 Minnesota Fringe Festival
Using 9 actors, TWIST focuses on the horror and unjust in 1837 London.  Think Peter and the Starcatcher meets American Horror Story.
The Arthurian Order of Avalon is attempting to raise funds to put on the annual Human Chessboard in March 2015!
Support this collection of new plays by Kansas City writers and the artists who are bringing it to life!
Tusentack Theatre is a professional theatre company providing opportunities to adults who access Mental Health Services.
Brooklyn Quartet, directed by reg e gaines, in a collaboration of ambitious and unique storytelling, live music and cinematic staging,
The Curse of the Babywoman is real — and it is coming to FringeNYC this August.
A poignant & hilarious tale of Charlie Brown & friends navigating high school. A fresh take on the off Broadway hit by YYC artists.
Kara Ayn Napolitano's latest play about a young mother's attempt to reclaim her life after making a serious mistake.
An Asian-Jewish-American family collides with music, food, and identity crises in this world premiere New York theater production.
A group of artists. A mythical art piece. A harrowing quest. And some margaritas.
We're going to represent the entire USA at the World Festival of Children's Theater in Stratford, ON in June, 2016. Help us get there!
Known for producing gritty new work, TheatreFIRST presents an exciting new romantic comedy by the hottest playwright in the country.
[By The Mummers] needs your help this holiday season to stage a full scale production of William Gibson's "The Butterfingers Angel..."
A play that addresses an important social issue, brought to light by members of the UoM Drama Society.
In celebration of THE MEDEA PROJECT: THEATER FOR INCARCERATED WOMEN’S 25TH ANNIVERSARY Brava Theater  presents “BIRTHRIGHT?"
The Border Theatre presents The Fall of Wallace Winter, an exploration of American obsessions, this Nov. 7th-9th at the Plaza Theatre
Dear Stone returns with Yasmina Reza's 'ART', a compelling, clever exploration of friendship under duress. Thanks for watching!
1 director, 4 actors, and a whole lotta determination. Help us bring this brilliant story to the heart of NYC!
Descend into the dark world of steampunk noir in this thrilling new play, written by Maggie Lee and directed by Amy Poisson!
Two unlikely friends, a garage, tinned beans & the end of the world.
A new play about coming coming home, recovery, and trying to find God in the process.
Bare Theatre presents one of Shakespeare's most notorious characters in the final chapter of the War of the Roses saga.
A modern reworking of Shakespeare's histories and tragedies in iambic pentameter to talk of death, love, and race.
I want to add a new perspective to the cycling safety debate by taking my play THE WHITE BIKE to the Edinburgh Festival of Cycling
Help Prospero take its Dark Retelling of the "Red" story to Edinburgh! The Forest breathes and waits...will you join us?
Gorgeousness that which sits in the root of Loveness.
Other than this there is no endearment for or otherwise
to describe.
Andy Boyd's epic new satire about heroes and villains, humankind's search for glory, and fascism in America
Help us strengthen and inspire disability arts in Atlantic Canada
Down the Rabbit Hole is an exciting new play by Not Just Theatre Productions. To be performed at Matthew's Yard Theatre in Feb 2015
Imaginary Theater Company presents two modern day tall tales about family, resilience and redemption.
Help WSC Avant Bard bring to life the US premiere of a theatrical retelling of 1001 Nights, adapted by Hanan al Shaykh & Tim Supple!
Familiar Strangers follows the journey of a community of people living homeless on the streets in and around Tompkins Square Park.
Young adult theatre makers from London are raising money to cover costs for touring with their current production Migrants´ Rhapsody.
The play tells the story of Jim and Doyler and their friendship on the brink of Irish independence.
Innovative Theatre Company Needs You To Reach Funding Requirements. We Are So Close We Can Smell It! Thank You In Advance.
An edgy, hilarious, compassionate and honest show to help caregivers find courage, trust their instincts and above all, to laugh.
Two long-time pals, comedy veterans, have written a hilarious new play. Neil Simon-ish w modern social mores. Let's help them stage it.
After 3 successful nights last year, Itch+Scratch are back. New writing, live music and party fun. Best New Theatre, Great Night Out.
"3 Days In Savannah" explores the issues of love, racism, and regret while reminding us that, "life is a game and love is the prize."
Jestia and Raedon is a brand new romantic comedy play going to the Edinburgh Fringe Festival this summer.
"Tissue" is a play about Breast Cancer. Produced by MonkeyBond theatre co.ltd to raise awareness for Breast cancer.
Battle Stage Plays is seeking to raise funds to cover developmental costs and move closer towards touring our dynamic hit stage plays.
Two marine biologists are at odds during an important expedition. When a stranded shark refuses to die, things get weird.
Providence's Latino theater, ECAS Theater, is headed to Cuba in July to premiere an original Cuban play there. Help us make history!
The Saltbox Theatre Collective is a brand new not-for-profit theatre company in Illinois.
Phantom Pain - a new play promoting mental health awareness written and performed by fledgling theatre company Unhinged Creations.
A theatrical adaptation of Oscar Wilde's short stories, presented by Suitcase Civilians at The Space, April 5-10 2016.
StoneCrabs is thrilled to bring to the UK the first English production of Philipp Löhle’s play Das Ding (The Thing).
FPLA presents FRIENDS IN TRANSIENT PLACES by Jonathan Caren: a magical story of modern life.
A London flat, two stories play simultaneously. Irish mapmaker 1821, Iranian artist present day. Each senses the other. Worlds collide.
We believe in the power of stories to change the world. Theatre that inspires transformation.
Two sisters make a set of paper dolls which take them on a journey across lands, creating memories along the way.
We are a company of crafted and trained actors, writers and directors dedicated to the principles set by the legendary Group Theatre.
Please help us raise funds for the production costs of a world premiere production of a play that will raise awareness for spina bifida
Tempest opens Feb. 25. Please support Shakespeare, the arts and community youth theater! Be a part of something special!
The Hope Theatre is fundraising for their second in-house show, the London premiere of Sea Life by Lucy Catherine opening 24th May 2016
STRIKE, DANCE AND RISE with us at the University of Utah to end violence against women and girls!
The premiere theatre troupe in SE Michigan offering acting opportunities for the 50+ actor.
A new, LGBTQ focused adaptation of As You Like It that puts Celia and Rosalind's romantic relationship centre stage for the first time.
David Sedaris' "The Santaland Diaries" starring Matt Crabtree at The Working Stage Theatre in Hollywood!
Bare Theatre and Raleigh Little Theatre present Shakespeare's epic, set in a post-apocalyptic dystopia.
A heart-melting farce about sex, art and the lovelorn lay-abouts of London-town.
Orson Welles and Superman meet up to record a radio drama version of their "true" adventure triumphing over Fascist Martians.
MOVING FORWARD! WE HAVE REACHED GOAL BUT HAVE MORE TIME!! PLEASE CONSIDER PLEDGING.
BNT's Biggest Adventure So Far: Our 2015 full length production!
We want to perform the one act play "Old Friends" at the El Portal Theatre in North Hollywood, CA.!!  Help us to get on the stage!!
A one act play, one act cabaret focusing on various social issues to remind us that when we come together, beautiful things can happen.
Homeless and hopeless, this prequel tells the story of a Colorado youth who leans on her friends when family leaves her behind.
THE GOODS are Premiering the NEW Australian play DROPPED by Katy Warner @ OLD FITZ THEATRE Dec 8-20 
Its Godot with Gals n Grenades
Dusk Theatre have created a brand new adaptation of the hilarious BBC4 comedy "Macbeth Rebothered" originally by The Penny Dreadfuls.
A new play about five bad bitches who fought in the Civil War disguised as men, premiering at Ars Nova's ANT Fest.
Fishcakes is a piece of new writing for the Camden Fringe that explores a story of love, loss, and all the ‘little things'.
"Labyrinth" meets "Jumanji"  in this dark adventure fantasy play from the makers of the five star fringe hit "Death Ship 666"
A darkly funny new play about the supermarket industry and its impact on all of our lives by award-nominated playwright Michael Ross.
August012 make their debut at Edinburgh Fringe with their play about the absurdity of wanting to bring children into a deranged world
Exeter University Theatre Company is bringing the award winning play by Dale Wasserman to Exeter's Northcott Theatre
Arise Theatre Company's production of August Strindberg's expressionist masterpiece 'A Dream Play'.
An honest & inspiring journey with cancer, discovery of self-mortality & celebration of life. Winner of IdeasTap Underbelly Award 2015.
An original theatrical production using music, movement and monologues to tell the story of a TN native growing up within a sex ring.
The real-life story of the mysterious 'Piano Man' who washed ashore with no memory; with no speech; but with an amazing ability...
1 game, 7 levels, 45 attempts; Lorraine, Esbe & David; 1 Grandmaester.
Help us take our metatheatrical nutshell volcano to the Fringe!
A one woman show about the challenges of being a feminist in a digital age. Touring 6 UK cities. Now with Stretch Goals!
Bringing Shakespeare back to the Playwrights
Seat of the Pants mounts our first show in a black box space that could become permanent; can you help us excel and seal the deal?
Sugarglass is a Dublin based theatre company committed to international collaboration. 2016 sees the launch of their NYC division.
We're remounting the musical that brought down the Bush Administration: A Brief History of the Earth And Everything In It!
Ray Gunn and Starburst is an audio sci-fi/comedy sending up the tropes of classic and pulp science-fiction.
"A short, nasty and razor sharp play in one of Toronto's hottest new "off-off Broadway" style venues.
Ryan has a higher sex drive than you. He also has cerebral palsy. Join him for his hilarious and poignant new solo show!
Stitching is a play exploring how a couple cope with the loss of their child. It will run for a month at The Drayton Arms Theatre.
Set in 1950s Northern Ireland, this play tells the story of two sisters in a community of Travellers, or Irish Gypsies.
Inspired by real life interviews 'In My Head' is a new play exploring the lives of those living with a mental health condition.
Let Go Theatre Co's very first production is going ahead in June 2015. Help support a brand new theatre co as we begin our adventure
Joe West and his wonderful theater company THEATER OF DEATH present original plays both horrific and comical.
Years of work, my best show, and a top Edinburgh venue.  Help me expose my talents to the UK and tell an important story.
Montage Theatre Arts, as part of National Theatre Connections, are performing a show - We need you help to raise vital funds!
Old Hat's new production explores the bleak culture of war and the cosmic powers of guilt and imagination in Shakespeare's tragedy.
In this ninety-minute adaptation of the classic Shakespeare play, a cast of nine women asks the question: What even is virginity anyway
Nora Wageners Theaterstück lädt den Zuschauer ein auf eine teils lustige, teils düstere Reise ins Wohnzimmer der jungen, arbeitslosen K
A thrilling 'steampunk' reworking of the infamous gothic horror novel by a powerhouse ensemble will leave you begging to be bitten.
Actors creating more theatre in Brighton. A LOT MORE. Classics, contemporary, new writing, Shakespeare, foreign translations and more.
A new spoken word play, written by Paul Hewitt, in 3 parts about love and fate, inspired by the Ruba'iyat of Omar Khayyam.
Help Strangeloop Theatre create and support new work by sponsoring our 2015-2016 season.
Help get Jelly Beans to the Theatre503 stage. An important piece of new writing by Dan Pick, produced by Kuleshov Theatre
30 days to raise £1500 - to run drama workshops about the plays themes with girls (aged 13-18) who are in need! GIRL POWER!
Two strangers on a bridge in the dead of night, a game of dominoes, and a value ready meal - by upcoming HighTide Escalator Playwright.
Alef productions, LLC is proud to present a World Premiere Play about Acceptance, Relationships,  Mortality and Love!
World Premiere, an M1 Singapore Fringe Festival 2017 commission.
KNOW Theatre has been invited to bring our production of Vieux Carré to the Provincetown Tennessee Williams Theatre Festival!
Oscar Wilde's classic romantic farce like you have never seen it before. Bigger. Louder. Sexier.  And covered with glitter.
A first play about a first kiss, Making the Move is going to the Edinburgh Fringe festival.  Join the party, fall in love.  Help us!
Cancel The Sunshine is a new play that explores living with a mental health condition in an honest, witty and articulate way.
A dazzling dramatic musical drama that takes place inside a Charm City Church! Help us finance a play that is back by popular demand!
The Series will consist of free staged readings of Shakespeare's plays, brought to life by professional actors in Montclair, NJ.
An intense new play exploring how far you would go to protect your family.  Employing new graduates to give their careers a kickstart.
Help a non-profit community theatre create an unforgettable production of J.M. Barrie's classic play.
How far would you go for revenge? The Collector is a dark thriller of regret, retribution and broken masculinity.
Help support Red Planet, a new science fiction play based off the Mars One exploration.
This play tells the story of the toxicity of sensationalism shown through one man's struggle with notoriety.
The Rules is a brand new black-comedy, serial-killer-romance debuting at the Edinburgh Fringe this August and we need your help!
A rare  production of World acclaimed playwright Howard Barker's groundbreaking & provocative 'The Castle'.
Production of wickedly funny new play for two women, written by iconic songwriter and ex-London's Burning man, Chris Larner
3 college grads struggling to fund their social network. 1 bratty blackmailing student. 1 dreamy Asian business man. 1 awesome play.
An empowering play about war time code breaker Alan Turing which tells the real story of a hero vilified for his sexuality and suicide.
19 Theaterstücke des Schnuppe Figurentheaters bei einem Großbrand zerstört - bitte unterstützt uns, den Wiederaufbau zu finanzieren
In 1942 three black and one Puerto Rican jazz musicians from Harlem join the segregated US Marines. We see "Love In Time of War"
A play that illustrates the symptoms of PTSD, shows its effect on families, and demonstrates some of the difficulties of treating it.
The Aeon Theatre company is producing another original play by Parker Hale at the Manhattan Reportory Theatre
Help Shared Shakes to adopt Murphey Academy, a Title I elementary school in Greensboro for a full day of performances and workshops.
Santa Barbara Youth Ensemble is performing Hairspray at the Lobero. Help create beautiful memories for these kids by pledging today!
Get more kids to love Shakespeare by developing the fun & effective Shakespeare is Boffo! course as an replicable program for teachers.
About the impact of addiction on relationships; my play hopes to inspire & support those affected to connect with their own creativity
IT DOESN'T MATTER is a new comedic piece of political theatre written by three enthusiastic students. Help us produce it at LIPA!
"The surveyor said the foundation was shaky". A woman finds what it means to rebuild her marriage.
A high-flying French farce with the thrust of a well-tuned jet engine
Feed, a new play by Garrett Markgraf (based on the novel by M.T. Anderson), Directed by Anna Marck at Oakland University.
the hardy presents a collaboration between Robbie Curran and Abram Rooney. Kemble House, 9th-14th August, every night at 8pm.
A girl in Burkina Faso is more likely to marry than finish high school. Public theatre can promote the need for girls to stay in school
This is the story about the Westons. One family who live with mental illness on a daily basis.
IAM TRYING TO TAKE MY DEBUT PLAY BROKEN BISCUITS TO EDINGBURGH FESTIVAL 2015 AND REALLY NEED SOME FUNDING TO HELP ME ACHIEVE THIS GOAL
Blodsbröllop - vi vill förverkliga vår idé om en passionerad berättelse i höstfärger - vill du?
A passionate story in autumncolours.
A futuristic and absurd style play, produced by Colectivo El Pozo, where the characters make a crucial decision. Written by R Dorantes.
A gritty play looking at a modern day relationship, highlighting issues of mental health and abuse suffered by men.
Vengeance Can Wait navigates Japanese sub-culture as it charts a dark, twisted and touching, “different” kind of love story.
A comedy about a Christopher Walken Club.  This show was chosen to perform in DC!  Help the production get to our nation's capital.
A play by award winning writer Eric Monte. 
"If they come back" follows the lives of two teenage boys during the civil rights movement.
Follow the sell-out Tree Folk Theatre, as we lead you through The Tempest with masks, puppetry and live music! 15th July - 3rd August
The production of the original play "Madame X" by Amanda Davison. Inspired by the painting by John Singer Sargent.
A Carnegie Mellon capstone play based on a woman's life as she slips from reality due to the degenerative effect of Alzheimer's Disease
Bayerische Komödie im Schaustellermillieu vor historischem Hintergrund des Oktoberfestes von Winfried Frey. Uraufführung September 2015
V-Day is a global activist movement to end violence against women and girls.
A play about the horrible choices we have to make every day. Should we take a risk, or take the road most travelled?
He met Marilyn. He became obsessed with Norma Jean. That changed everything.

                                A play by Frank Furino
My Insane Shakespeare. An original play by Arthur Elbakyan premiering October 13th at United Solo, New York City.
Audience tell stories from their life chooses the improv actors to re-enact the story on the spot via song, dance and theatrics.
Presenting the complete three part of writer/director Ty Foard's "A King's Story" ...a dramatic artistic one director play festival
Lost youth and lost souls struggle to find meaning amid dingy basements, vanishing malls, and a bleak Midwestern summer.
Forgotten composer, virtuoso pianist, actor, and activist.
I'm hoping to produce my play which explores Julius's life and music.
This stage play is a true story about one woman's fight against breast cancer while still having to deal with the adversities of life.
Support the artists of the new play FEVER: a story of love, friendship and sonnets. Donate to help us develop this production!
We Kickstarted Broken Alley Theatre in the summer of 2013. It's been an amazing two years. This year, BATx goes bigger than ever.
'Potter.' is a parody of the popular Harry Potter series allowing aspiring actors a chance to work in a professional production.
A Stage Play that will bring you to the edge of your seat , leave you thinkin and will also have you laughing while enjoyin the talent
Help produce "Boseman and Lena" by Athol Fugard.
Celebrate 18 years of Service to Arts and Community, 2nd Show of a 7th Season in NOLA!
In the 30's, two brothers, Benny and Phil, who go to the Arizona desert to be extras in a huge Biblical epic. Riotous comedy!
Field Trip Theatre has  commissioned Alexandra Petri to write a world premiere play set in DC , "The Scrum",
My project is to finish writing all 38 of Shakespeare's Plays into shortened 15-20 minute Shortened versions and publish them in 1 year
We do a theatre camp for kids every summer doing parady shows of diff stories for kids to learn theater. This year is Star Wars Parody.
Dr. Mecurio's is an original work of fantasy designed and written for the stage.
Soon to be known as one of the greatest gospel stage plays of all times. Great hit in New England and now we want to take  it on tour
Bare Bones Shakespeare's first season will start with a DFW school touring show: Romeo and Juliet.
Shoe-string, Independent theater with a focus on art that makes you think.  Next, we're putting on an award winning Steve Martin play!
"MARK TWAIN IS HELL FOR THE COMPANY" is an original theatrical production created and under development by Jeff Lowe.
A long distance wrong number leads to love, but with Emily flying in to finally meet, Nick somehow forgot to mention he's blind.
Mijn solo voorstelling gaat over Elektra (Sophokles) en hoe zij als jongere alles beleeft en meemaakt!
want to donate tickets to residents who live in the community that cant afford the 35.00 price of ticket
Shakespeare's plays have an important message for the world. Bosnia needs to hear. Bring Shakespeare to Sarajevo! Fund performances!
Young Actor's taking on a Jacobean tragedy. Family, betrayal, love, lust, sex and death.
Hot Dogs is a new play that tackles sexism in schools and addresses issues that current sex/relationship education fails to.
The ASU Theatre and Shakespeare Club presents Measure For Measure directed by Jordyn Ochser.
A filmic, fast-paced exploration of trust, making its debut at Camden People's Theatre this July.
Jonny Labey (Eastenders) leads this poetic production as WWI poet Rupert Brooke, in this dynamic, moving portrait of a flawed genius.
Savage in Limbo is the pilot production of dasGROUP Theatre; a Dallas-based production company with an eye for grit & love of theatre.
A small community with a love for theater would like to continue. Help the children of this community continue.
In the midst of dealing with sending their son off to the army, Mitch and Melanie Jennings plan a family reunion to ease their sorrow.
I'm taking the Adventures of Huckleberry Finn puppet show down the Mississippi River!
This summer, The Spotlight Players are celebrating Christmas in July with a presentation of Ken Ludwig's side splitting comedy.
Tyke wants to expand her puppet theater show to weekly online web shows and is looking for backers.
Generational curses CAN be broken...right?
The world premiere of an astonishing new play by acclaimed writer Atiha Sen Gupta.
"The struggles of Alzheimer's  & Alcoholism. "Courage is the quiet voice at the end of the day, saying, I will try again tomorrow."
A one-woman show about the life of Eva Schloss, her time in Auschwitz, and the positive impact she has had on thousands of lives.
Ticket sales benefit Bedford Hills Maximum Security Prison, Women's College Program Library. Presented by Theater For The New City.
Come explore the dream world of Jim Morrison, rock singer, mystic, poet, shaman.
An historic and proud work of Polish nationalistic literature performed on stage.
Help us provide half-price tickets to the 11th annual Variations Project, allowing our fellow artists to see this wonderful production.
A stage play of love, faith, & relationships in a comical & spirit message that is sure to make you laugh & rejoice to the ART OF LOVE
We're dedicated to writing & producing plays, infusing inspirational, universal principles that aren't commonly displayed in America.
Halfway, Nebraska explores the limits of hope and what it means to love someone who may be too far damaged to save.
This Theological Comedy tells a story of when seemingly similar beliefs are discovered to be worlds apart; Damnation-Southern Style.
Did you know that we are enriching the lives of Brooklyn kids through literacy and educational theater? We just need a little help.
Something Precious is the world's first musical to alert folks to the harmful effects of technology on the human spirit.
Fundraising for REDISCOVERING KIA THE PLAY
This Is A Story About A Woman A Man And A Woman
Alice on stage with a magical twist to brighten your smile and warm your heart. Project is in Polish with semi-pro actors and children.
"Miracle on 34th Street" is about faith and believing in others. 
We believe. Do you?
A unique stage play about the epic struggle of psychic Edgar Cayce to deal with his extraordinary abilities and find his place in life.
This is an action packed Sci-Fi stage play, using foam latex creature puppets, projected video footage, and audience participation.
Sex, intrigue, lust, & love; follow the lives of two individuals as their romance turns from innocent online flirting to something more
In October, we plan to premiere Oedipus Revenant, a historically grounded horror adaptation of Sophocles’ classic, Oedipus the Tyrant.
How can the visual age appreciate something that cant see? With these Audio Plays I will show you, if your willing to listen.
Help me honor and bring "The American Soprano" Leontyne Price back to the stage one more time.
We are raising funds to rent a theater hall for a play to help educate teenagers and parents on the pitfalls teenagers currently face.
A Tequila slammer with a slice of Tarantino, a line of the London Fringe scene and a shot of “Breaking Bad”. New Writing.
Philly-based feminist theatre's inaugural production about a woman's friendship with an awesome lady cowboy.
The smash hit, award-winning comedy sashays onto the Los Angeles Theater Scene in a fabulous new production at Atwater Village Theatre.
Spend an evening in the afterlife with some of the greatest women who ever lived. LITTLE NELL's,by Jill Hughes, Los Angeles- June, 2016
A dinner theatre/show about a day in the life of a Vegas "Mob Boss"
circa 1965- ish. It is all at once realistic,tragic, farce/comical
CONVERSATIONS WITH AN AVERAGE JOE tells our stories exposing those in charge of our lives and tells how to take control of country back
Free drama, dance and singing workshops for disadvantaged young people to inspire, create and help them follow their dreams.
The Most Beautiful Things in Japan are Hidden...Our different & original play from the Japanese folk tale The Bamboo Cutters Daughter.
Set in Iceland, Fair Play is a a dark comedy- a play within a play. An extravaganza, fueled by Absinthe, and touched by the Surreal.
A LIVE history infused, frightening magic and mind reading show in the heart of the Halloween capital of the world, Salem, MA!!
Hercules must complete four challenges in order to meet the father he never knew
An inclusive, cross community, multi-cultural theatre production for children aged 3 to 16 and their families
The moving dramatisation of one man's journey to find the truth behind the Libyan regime change.
Cross dressing, cross gartering, crossed swords. Cross a bridge and come see this fantastically fun rendition of Twelfth Night
A meta-theatrical retelling of Chekhov's Three Sisters, framed with Civil War Hymns, Dance, and wild theatricality.
A full staged reading of a new play about a boy who learns how to be happy from the most unexpected person.
Help save this village theatre group. Funding required for lighting, stage equipment, & ongoing productions. Involves youth  & adults.
A group of 12 friends, separated by time, space, state borders and oceans want to head to London for the adventure of a lifetime.
A brilliant project making a huge difference : a play about Climate Change and a series of panels on environmental and community issues
With the Great Elephant Repertory we can reach those children who are perceived unreachable, educating them through performance art.
Set in Southern America “The Divide” is a stage play that touches on the issues that are forefront in America and the world.
This is the story about dreams of the kindly clown who indulge in reverie to be a ballet dancer! Every act is a funny sentimental story
Actors and actresses are needed to help me create a stage play. A stage play needs to be adapted from the book I wrote.
Despite hunger and conditions of a Calcutta slum, the people there know that life is precious. They have named it ‘City of Joy.’
FHE High School Theatre Booster Fund Raiser for Costumes --Fall Play Snow Queen and Spring Musical Once on this Island
This saucy stage play chronicles the highs and lows of my life involving gangs, drugs and prison. The story is a transforming ministry.
A play about something, or maybe nothing. Four actors depicting all 9 seasons of Seinfeld in 90 minutes.
A children's theatre group constructing props out of swimming noodles to provide free Shakespeare in the parks to local communities.
A free website for theatre on California's central coast - actors, auditions, & shows in Santa Barbara, San Luis Obispo, & Montetey.
You are closer to your dreams than what you expect, your demons will always wait for you to realize them, they’ll torture you Manny.
I've written a fun new play exploring the reality of gay stereotypes in 2014 - with accommodation and venue hire it needs some dough :)
OUR FRIENDS THE ENEMY will make its American Debut at Theatre Row in New York City, and we would like for you to join us on our journey
les effets de censeur sur l'immigration.ça c'est une pièce de l'histoire de la révolution en Iran jusqu'à des meurtres en série en 1999
"MAMA'Z BA-B" is the story of Marcus Williams who struggles to find a place for himself as a young black male.
Andrew Heller producing a production of an original play for the Philadelphia Fringe Festival. Written and Directed by Andrew Heller
MNDT will be the first Moroccan Team in history to participate in the WSDC. the world’s biggest high school debate tournament.
"On the breast of her gown, in fine red cloth, appeared the letter A." But what about the rest of the alphabet?
Board a pirate ship and sail with us on a midnight cruise into the dark realms of forgotten pirate lore with music, theater & burlesque
We  are  a  new  production  company  and  will  be  touring  with  our  production,  FOLLOW  YOUR  DREAMS  debuting  June  2016.
The timeless story of the struggling actor, the faithful agent and   the reality of what constitutes success and failure in Hollywood.
We're a horror based theatre company in Oklahoma City beginning our first season of shows.
Staged Right Theatre Company is putting on its first season this year, and we need your help with raising money to put on four plays!
We are performing Shakespeare's "The Taming of the Shrew" in its original Elizabethan setting at the Oxford Shakespeare Festival.
Four homeless Key West men are to be given a boat, but fates twist until only the moon and mangroves witness their earthly demise.
Rossum’s Universal Robots are the perfect workforce, without emotions, needs, or souls. But they are changing. Becoming more like us...
Created for the greatest stages of the world, will captivate the hearts of its audience with a Powerful Story Line & Magical creatures!
This nationally published book, set in the 70’s, tells the untold story of singers and a friendly reunion visit turning bad.
A bold, colouful, vibrant play centred around the last remaining monarchy of Africa.
Acting group and production for inner city youth, about inner city youth. The problems and stuation that they see everyday.
This could be my last play, need to bring my son out to see it before it's over.  Need to fly him here from BC
A bilingual play in The New Works Festival at UT that crosses cultures and explores what it means to be confident with who you are.
"The Hostages" is about a bank robbery gone wrong, as we learn more about each characters, we question who are the actually hostages...
An eclectic One Man stage show, that takes the audience on a journey through vast personalities, as he discovers his true self...#Drama
A conservative grandmother takes her hip-hop generation grandchildren through the history of Gospel music in one night...
The unspoken story of growing up disabled with cerebral palsy and no speech. This inclusive company fights ignorance using dark humour.
A caravan heist goes horribly wrong. When the rogues meet up to discuss the matter, they suspect one of them is the King's guard.
Amen is an important jarring story about the repercussions of reporting the war from the front lines and the war that follows them home
It is a heart-breaking life story of Wu family who tries to preserve the gem of Chinese Kun Opera through generations.
This empowering piece encourages women to rise up and pursue their dreams, not by behaving like a boy but by,
“Throwing Like A Girl.”
'Time at the Bar!' is a play written by Kieran Mellish, a student at Loughborough University and member of LSU Stage Society.
I love you,he said,then he kissed her as her tears fell down.It was my fault but make up will fix it"she replied,then he hit her again!
Moving Stories' 'The Tempest' promises to be vibrant & enchanting, with original music, vivid design & unforgettable performances.
American Pride is a play centered on the Poetry of one Iraq War veteran, and follows her journey through war and back home.
Exhilarating Double Bill uniting London premiere of THE TWELFTH BATTLE OF ISONZO & thrilling revival of JUDITH: A PARTING FROM THE BODY
Help reveal the beauty of Islamic culture by launching this new adventure play celebrating Persian music, dance, and lore.
A very Canadian children's play inspired by the tradition of British pantomimes like Aladdin, and the Nutcracker.
"Uncommonnotion". is a collections of short humors stories, I want to develop into plays, interest has been shown in this idea.
AUTheatreWing is a student theatre association fostering the development of the dramatic arts at our university.
A short one act play about an undercover cop posing as a girl scout trying to stop a doughnut shop from selling drug filled doughnuts.
Condemned to death for Collaboration with the Nazis, popular French Singer & Entertainer Maurice Chevalier tells his side of the story
WANTS deals with diversity in all its various facets.
The drama is set in a futuristic society where no diversity si accepted.
Just like the good old fashioned radio dramas, Heritage will be performed and narrated for you by 16 different talented voice actors.
Our theater troupe needs your help to put on a unique production of Hamlet! Pledge to help young actors learn and refine their skills!
Comedy Stage Play
Young persons theatre company working in deprived area seeking funding for children's theatrical production.
"The Snail" is the story of Andrew, a Transgender, who discovers his identity through the relationship with parents, with peers and sex
A gripping re-enactment of a true breast cancer survival story, highlighted with inspiration and laughter!
Unique  troupe will bring the wonder & joy of Therapeutic Theater to  youth with severe multiple disabilities, & adults with Alzheimers
"A Cry for Help is Riveting, Inspiring, and Mesmerizing. You will laugh, cry, and be thinking about your own Cry for Help"
'The Grouch' is the perfect way to brighten up your Christmas. Full of love, laughs and some sheer calculated silliness, don't miss it!
Live at the Speakeasy with Ryan Anderson is a local talk show! Showcasing local artist, special guest, and talented bands.
Proyecto teatral dirigido por Martín Acosta que habla y reflexiona sobre el amor y su naturaleza.
And There Was War is a play, a biblical narrative deeply entrenched in the concepts of the great controversy between Good and Evil!
Community Youth play, written by and performed by the youth about finding joy in the simple things in life
L.U.N.A. (Love, Understanding, Nurturing, and Awareness) is a non-profit organization dedicated to helping raise awareness for causes.
How does war change a family?  A peek into one family's kitchen as their soldier fights in Iraq.
This is a Comedic Story about a young boy who saw the image of the perfect woman and from that point searched for someone similar
Local Community theater to get up and running in the Idaho Falls area. Something new, something different!
Weather Men is a play, written by Nathan Black.  A comedy/drama that explores the question of 'why people stay together?'
PETER PAN, written by Ebony Rattle, is a new retelling of the classic play by J.M. Barrie about a boy who refused to grow up.
Buscamos finalizar el proceso de producción de un espectáculo de payaso y con él, activar espacios públicos para la escena clown.
No magic show has ever integrated theatre arts like this.  World of Paradox is designed for all audiences and is interactive in nature.
A new dramatic comedy dealing with a father's unwillingness to let go of his past causes major problems for the future of his daughter.
Jack the Lad - a new play that explores how far the boundaries of friendship will stretch when morality and loyalties clash.
Set in the height of sex, drugs and rock 'n' roll this production is an exciting new take on Moliere's classic! Performing with SpaceUK
REBORN IN LOVE is the sequel to REBORN FROM ABOVE: A Tale of Eternal Love.  This is part two, of a One-Act play series.
Set in Southern America “The Divide” is a stage play that touches on the issues that are forefront in America and the world.
A family oriented play about Christians & the sins they live with, portrayed by "puppets and toys" at Queensbury Theater in Houston.
Dracula: The Kisses… is an all-female production of Dracula that explores queer and feminist theory in gothic, steampunk Transylvania
The Power of Women and Their Contributions to the World
Our play The Sequel has a 2 week run at The Camden Fringe. It's a comedy with cheesy puns, puppets and innuendo galore!
Four blind youth from Los Angeles based Theatre by the Blind have the opportunity to travel to Wales and see their dreams realized.
Raising money to send a young Actress to Drama School to achieve her dreams of becoming a successful Actress.
Celtic Magic is a full evening show of Grand Illusion, Comedy, Action, and Danger- All with an Irish Theme
'Coming Off Chem Sex'- soiled with insights & desire,'C.O.C.S' unravels the LGBTQI's controversial & often sexualised Chem-Sex epidemic
Writer/Director Lynette J. Blackwell presents the hilarious entangled love story of when evil and good attempt to coexist.
A dose of One-woman "Dramedy" to cure those daily blues is just what the doctor ordered!
A play dedicated to the 100th anniversary of the Armenian Genocide.
TWO NEW DARK COMEDIES OPENING IN NYC THIS APRIL AND MAY BY CHRISTOPHER B. LATRO 
ABOUT FAMILY, AMBITION, LOVE AND GREED
Thought-provoking drama about one who gets so caught up in churchwork, loses the true meaning of serving God, & has TROUBLE AT THE GATE
The Ultimate Screenwriting Conference
is the experience showing screenwriters how to write and sell a screenplay in hollywood!
With non-gender specific casting, CattyWhamPuss Theatre dismiss traditional casting biases in this, their ambitious first venture.
This is a play that will have each and everyone that sees it thinking about the dreams they had growing up. It's a dramady
The unproduced screenplay by Tennessee Williams is given life for the first time on a Twin Cities stage by an ensemble of local actors.
THE COMING OF THE LORD!
The hit immersive theatre experience of England comes to Corpus Christi!
Umma Yemaya is  a play that examines the challenges of unconventional love. The Lady  and the Artist create their own world for love.
I want to create a theatrical performance of the book Grammar Land and present it at schools to help children learn proper grammar.
Sissy Entertainment delivers a delicious cabaret that blends comedic monologue, song, and traditional sketch comedy.
A funny, moving, witty piece about a girl, her oboe, and her dreams.
What do you know about Russian Culture? Our project helps the American children to find out about Russian literature.
A romantic comedy about a girl trying to figure out what to do with her life and an angel who comes to help her.
Will Power Troupe is the only US group invited to perform in London's Shakespeare Festival. We need your help to bring the USA to UK!
A comedy about a mime who dreams of becoming a stand up comedian.
Saloon owner Gertude Blum mistrusts all men and scorns love, but sailor Harry Bales' romantic dreams force her to face her tragic past.
An inspiring story of a young girl's journey from childhood to adulthood told through monologue, dialogue, poetry and music and dance.
Bots & Barrals and StoneCrabs Theatre are excited to present the UK premiere of Guillem Clua's powerful Catalan drama Skin in Flames.
Following the enormous success of Hardcross, we are looking for new ways to bring this wonderful play to a wider audience.
We're a small group of University students who need a little help making our final exam production the best product possible.
We place the actors and script to the fore, with productions stripped down to barest level, aiming to make theatre accessible.
A fantastic new comedy coming to the West End 2014.  An Alan Ayckbourn meets Richard Curtis style comedy. Who knew singing was therapy!
Two sisters living in a Cornish seaside town attempt to hide and escape from a life- circle of deceit, abuse, incest and revenge.
An enthralling tale charting the ecstasies and tragedies behind the seven white masks of centenarian clown,Scaramouche Jones.
CLTC are crowdfunding for our latest production - Joe Calarco's brilliant adaptation of Shakespeare's most loved tragedy.
TDPF is a play about a woman named Lisa who devotes her life to her marriage and ministry —since it is a woman place says her husband.
Eleanor Roosevelt: Passionate campaigner for human rights, champion for peace, staunch supporter of FDR's policies, betrayed wife.
Help Comedy Illusionist Reggie Rice spread the magic of laughter as he takes his award-winning illusion show to a town near you!
Help Save High School Theater Program
Your donations will be used to purchase props, build sets, and costumes.
Producing syllabus-relevant theatre targeted to HSC students on the NSW Central Coast
Brand new graduate theater company 'FMP Theatre' proudly presents the definitive WW1 play, Journey's End, with a little help from you.
1920's London; two brothers try to make a name for themselves in the underground crime world but encounter a ruthless Irish mob boss.
A play performed at the FCO Global Summit on the Preventing Sexual Violence Initiative, hosted by William Hague and Angelina Jolie
We're high school students directing a film adaptation of the play, Fallen Angels, written by Noël Coward and set in the 1920's.
Zwei ausgebildete Schauspieler, ein Musiker - gemeinsam bringt man ein waschechtes Kabarettstück auf die Bühne.
The Maderati: A bitingly witty absurdest comedy, which pokes wickedly perceptive fun at NY artist lifestyle.
SIN, has an important message, outstanding music, uplifting performances and amazing entertainment. SIN, is a "must see" for everyone!
Ryan and Vanessa are hosting Christmas for the first time but instead of a happy celebration, they get a hilarious survival situation.
A Transgender makeup artist calls into question the loyalty of her best friend in a 1980's circus while dealing with her dying mother.
Yorick and Co. is a comedy about a struggling theatre company whose mysterious benefactor starts haunting the show!
Help us to put on a production of Terry Pratchett's Wyrd Sisters, an ambitions show for our theatre but one I believe we can do.
'Somewhere you know, nowhere you've been' a theatrical 
re-imagining of Walthamstow’s past acted out beneath big skies in the marshes.
More than just a play, RAIN is an outreach to hurting people who feel disengaged or rejected by others.
HUB Theatre Group collaborates with local artists to present John Logan's RED to the community.
"De Lewe" deals with the critical issues within today's youth. It reminds us that standing together is stronger than falling apart.
Love, Sex and Apps is a double bill exploring the way in which we are both connected and disconnected with those around us.
Based on the novel “Know Thy Law”, this powerful play gives the insight and understanding of the power of knowing the law of the land.
A play that will cover 4000 years of black history.
"STAIRCASES" is a piece of collaborative new writing exploring 'L'esprit de l'escalier', or the conversations you wish you could have.
We will workshop, stage and develop new writing, devised work and adaptations. A joyful leap into the possibilities of an idea!
Burqa&Rifle dramatizes the  encounter between two women -- a vigilante and a convert to Islam.
Death splits apart twin brothers in a questionable car accident. They shared dreams, and now they must share trials in the unknown.
I am trying to put on a gospel comedy stage play that is full of laughter and life lessons as well that will change your life forever,
Join Sherlock Holmes and Dr. Watson as the first adventure together is dramatized live on-stage!  The game is afoot!
‘Ministers of Grace’ imagines what the movie Ghostbusters would be like if written by William Shakespeare.
Producing & directing Jake's Women by Neil Simon opening July 9 and running through July 26 for Sonoma Arts Live
“No amount of fire or freshness can challenge what a man will store up in his ghostly heart.” – The Great Gatsby
Dark secrets come to light when Mariah meets Stella. They find a way to face the south's largest elephant in the room: RACISM.
Wendell Pierce stars in Brothers from the Bottom by Jackie Alexander to mark Hurricane Katrina’s 10th Anniversary. June 2015 in NoLA.
NonSens!cal tackles the struggles of four people with mental health issues/disorders inspired by A.A Milne's Winnie the Pooh
Romeo and Juliet: Wouldn't it be great if they didn't all die at the end? Now YOU get to control the fate of these timeless characters!
Set in Southern America “The Divide” is a stage play that touches on the issues that are forefront in America and the world.
Just one time back to the past on the Freedom Train will open your eyes and your lives will never ever be the same!
Much has been written by women on breast cancer. Yet, there is little that has been written for the theatre on this by men. I have!
Almost Random Theatre's play about a candidate - with no policies - who is seeking election in May 2015
Raising funds to have a private stage reading for an upcoming play from THE ENSEMBLE THEATRE COMPANY OF NEW YORK (www.tetcny.org)
This will be the fifth play of The Jokeress, based on the ebook/paperback novelette series. It is scifi, suspense, terror, and noir.
Een Gay Party in het centrum van Amersfoort. 
Een geweldige avond uit, met een show, optredens en DJ's.
A theatre company that will create works to inspire young people and get everyone involved.
The Bard's classic tale set in the 2016 Presidential Campaign. Power, corruption, greed, and conspiracy. How far are you willing to go?
The University of Queensland Drama Production Course is putting on an adaptation of William Shakespeares Julius Caesar
"Get Your Life Back" is a dynamic stage play that deals with true issues of life that reign in the lives of many people everyday.
I would like to start a Acting Company that supports and includes LGBTQ youth and young adults in very conservative North Texas
Accessible, original theatre for all!
Prepare to be Swept Away. Three short plays from three master playwrights; LANDFALL, SNIPER and DANGERS of TOBACCO!
The reality is dark, sinister. The milieu is not as friendly as it claims. What is this place? Where is it? Is it your local church?
This production is being put together by Wilson's newest professional theater company, the Wyldepine Players in conjunction w/ Taiplab
7 billion people & most of us feel alone.  It's time we become emotionally unzipped.  "Unzipped" a new play about men & relationships.
We provide performing arts training and experience to young people of low income families in NYC, building confidence and self esteem
The war in Iraq changed everything -one journey from the safe haven of the 99% to the shadows of veteran. How would you persevere?
America's dad or serial rapist? Or both? The stories of the Bill Cosby accusers and the society so skeptical of them.
Local Theatre group in Loudoun County, Virginia. Looking for funds to start producing shows!
DC/Baltimore AEA actors band together produce a world premiere of a touching, bittersweet, award winning play about letting go to live
We present Classics made for the 21st Century and we need a space! Please help us rent a space for The Importance of Being Earnest!
Play about Tracey a gay man trapped in his room by his Bible thumping mother. He finds love but the room can not keep the love alive.
Charlotte NC playwright looking to showcase a series of three stage plays.  Plays are funny, completed and ready to run!
Two of the 20th Century’s Greatest Artists 
navigate the perilous terrain of Art & Fame 
in a historic Collaboration.
World premiere of "I'm Just Here to Buy Soy Sauce", a play about China & the UK housing crisis by Jingan Young location TBC
She that fines a husband? Wait, is that right? Girl... you better check yourself, before you wreck yourself!
BELIEF leaves res & crosses nations, swims the Atlantic, landing on Isle where Salish meets Gaelic, where humanity transcends barriers
"Charm" class is in session! Mama Darleena, a transgender African-American woman, shares rules for etiquette with her LGBTQ students.
We need to raise funds to bring this elaborate production to life with special FX makeup, highly detailed sets, and costumes.
We are a new and exciting semi-pro  theatre company who will support & hire local actors & writers in Brisbane & Queensland.
An original stage play designed to bring to light the long-term effects on adult survivors of childhood sexual abuse. We do survive!
Kids that provide inspirational skits to children and adults that are terminally ill, in hospice, hospitals, and nursing homes.
This stage play will make you laugh, smile, cry, and be inspired with hope. This is the last performance and filming of PASSENGER
House of Plays produces staged performances that address relevant issues; and offer acting, dance, and writing studios to youth for $0.
A play that shows Judy Garland on the comeback trail, stardom is within reach but at the hotel suite she is on the edge of slipping.
Lucifer's Dungeon will be a themed bar giving host to a wide variety of entertainment ranging from cabaret to theatre.
Creating awareness of the importance to love yourself while being in a relationship through theater.
'Hands Made To Hold' is a powerful new stage play that takes Domestic Violence head-on and sheds light into today's relationships.
An antibullying play touring schools with the message that, the gift inside of you is greater then the negativity that surrounds you.
My company L & G Production is a Christian based company that will produce plays .My next play is Step Aside Son, Daddy's Home!
Richardson Theatre Centre is raising funds to help produce a season featuring the works of Texas Playwrights
Shakespeare with Noodles presents Julius Caesar featuring props constructed from swimming noodles.
This stage play is about the power of a praying father as he is forced to see that his wife needs reinforcement to save their children
Jamie Farr (Klinger from TV's M*A*S*H*) will be appearing in Mitch Albom's play throughout the US and Canada in 2017-18.
Raising money to produce a play based on 2 books I published.Giving people extra income and opportunity to showcase talent .
Legacy Children's Theatre will be a place for young children to experience and create Theatre. (Music, Dance, Theatre, and Art).
Imagine a show where America's Got Talent meets American Horror Story.. A live theatrical play mixed with talented people of all kinds
Help us rent the Bardavon Opera House for a production of Lord Byron's 'Manfred' in 2017, to mark the play's 200th anniversary.
project deleted.
A modern re-telling of Romeo and Juliet
This play displays the struggle that single men and women experience everyday, will they hold fast to their faith or will go insane?
My Brother Marvin, a play conceived by Zeola Gaye and showcases his sister’s riveting account of a man who revolutionized soul music.
An interactive experience, highlighting the three most common pieces of ESP: telepathy, precognition and clairvoyance, in a fun way!!
5 drug addicts, 1 rehab, many demons!
The Merchant of Venice, adapted in Sephardi style, will take place at the Center for Jewish History in New York. Starring David Serero.
A truly unique program that helps students resolve conflict and adversity in their schools and communities .
Helping youth understand their worth via daily life activities.
Ich möchte eine Spiritismus-Show im alten Stile in einem kleinen Berliner Kino vorführen. Und zwar Kostenlos.
13 men fuses poetry singing and skits in an abstract non traditional way.
Our Graduation Showcase for 2017 at Portland Actors Conservatory is a chance to highlight our individuality as artists.
The duct tape is off, finally able to use my voice
An interactive theater experience that combines, demos, crowd fun, and an amazing story.  Help Jackson Hernandez find his passion!
This piece is about the way women are viewed and treated in society and uses the vehicle of a strip club to take us on that journey.
Heroin use is rapidly becoming the number one public health issue. Through our body of work we hope to bring about profound change.
''HOPE FOR THE HOOD". A program to teach young men in the inner-city, better values, and skills to become assets to their communities.
Not your AVERAGE play,a TRU story about lies, secrets, and THE MYSTERY! Laugh, Cry, Think, Get Mad all at the same time!
An historic production, showcasing for the first time, American heroine, Phoebe Hearst, a one-woman show presented Chattaqua style
The Kindness Club is youth mentoring for the developmentally disabled through care of rescue horses,animals,theater,art and publishing.
FINALLY WE HAVE A VOICE 
CONVERSATIONS WITH AN AVERAGE JOE
A BROADWAY PLAY BY SENATOR JOE CARRARO
conversationswithanaveragejoe.com
Pull'em Up simply put is a subject matter that we all have an opinion on. The SAG either you love or hate it! Pull'em Up! What say you?
Queremos hacer una hermosa obra teatral, que ademas ser muy entretenida tamben será educativa.
A program created by a group of 18 motivated student to connect with the community in order to help fund upcoming plays.
After unimaginable human loss and personal agony, the throne is secure except for a meddling Pope.
Able to travel around and bring joy to kids in refugees and homeless shelters.
This is a re-imagined story about the yearning between Drake & Serena Williams. Will these two make it through all of the talk & beef?
Help fund the world premiere of Adam Hughes' dark and daring play about football hooliganism in Leeds in the 1980s
One serious actor + One flippant amateur + One very naughty seagull
= One hilarious and touching new comedy. "..A new French&Saunders"
This is the story the media don't want you to know about. The harsh reality of life from the eyes of two young men journey for change.
A winter masquerade inspired by the 1980's movie Labyrinth. We hope you will decide to help us fund this en-devour.
We are looking to do a 2nd run of our play TEXT/LOVE LOVE/TEXT -- a new American play about how texting influences our relationships.
Bring our play to the stage: The White Oak of Johnston
We're creating a play that exceeds limits and expectations. A play that lives, moves, and changes. It doesn't "show." It just... "is."
A hard-hitting story of a young woman's journey of teen pregnancy, motherhood, domestic abuse, and family deceit. A smack of reality.
"The Patience of Mr Job", is a satire about climate change, aid & development which I wrote in 2010 (broadcast three times since).
A group of aspiring creatives take on the challenge of putting on Caryl Churchill's 'Love And Information' at the Warwick Arts Centre
Enjoy an old-time radio comedy with a modern twist performed live while supporting a historic Cincinnati landmark.
Stone’s Throw is a London-born theatre company creating performance which explores our world and challenges the state of our times.
Andrew Heller producing a production of an original play for the Philadelphia Fringe Festival. Written and Directed by Andrew Heller
We are raising money to allow for enhanced scenic, costume, and lighting design. Every dollar is appreciated!
The Curse of the Babywoman is real — and it is at FringeNYC this August.
Sherlock Holmes' first adventure of mystery, murder and revenge brought to life on-stage for the first time.  The game is afoot!
This play is based on a kid who discovers he has a beautiful talent which was hidden under his pain, shyness and lack of love.
This project is will highlight the Sex Trafficking Industry in Oakland, CA to help shed light on an epidemic that is often overlooked.
This play has been on my wish list for years. I've decided to put it on myself, but I need some help to make it as amazing as possible.
A theatrical masterpiece tackling the issues one faces in pursuit of a career in entertainment....
This is a theatre play consisting comprehensive elements of visual arts.Magic,Bubbles,Puppetry,Quick Change,Dance,Theatre Play and more
Why did dancer "Strawberry" die after the Mayor's Mansion bash? Was her death set-up? Join playwright Carol Teegardin to seek the truth
An Uplifting Urban Love Story!.
