The Marks You Leave, a new play by Tyler Andrew Jones, has just been accepted into the New York Fringe Fest. Help us get it produced!
The 4th annual "1001 Laughs Dearborn Comedy Festival" features diverse comedians for 4 shows at the Arab American National Museum
We're heading up to the Edinburgh Fringe Festival this summer. I GAVE HIM AN ORCHID will be at Summerhall for the whole month.
For The Camden Fringe, a piece of theatre about a family and their struggle with Dementia. A black comedy in a hyper-realistic style.
Bringing together art forms by making them fight - and challenging audience perceptions. It's Comedy VS Poetry in a spoken word battle!
We need a stage and a budget for our Shakespeare show - at a new/old venue in lovely Inverness overlooking Tomales Bay!
'Robyn fell, now we're here. That's the facts.'
Help us take A+E to Edinburgh this year. Original writing, new actors, fresh talent.
After a long hard look at Lunch and why it’s so necessary, Luke will bring his vital conclusions to the Edinburgh Fringe. With guitar.
Certainly not here for the conversation.
Thrilled that my play is one of the 30 finalists in the Samuel French OOB Festival! We have the honor of performing it in New York!
The Devil himself takes the stage in a one act puppet soliloquy to mount his defense and show who’s really to blame. God, Satan, Man..?
Award-winning "28 Years Later" is in the Samuel French OOB Festival! Help the zombies and banshees make it to the finals!
Portrait is Above Bounds new family show which uses comedy, mask, puppetry and clowning in order to tell a story.
The Point is a stage work about the impact a middle-aged woman's dementia has on the her and her network of family and friends.
Physical theatre piece mixing pole dance and verbatim text, taken from interviews of women for whom pole dancing is key in their lives.
Two companies of children from New York and Russia meet to create original theater together.
Good Kids are a 2-man sketch group from Brum. We're going to the Edinburgh Fringe for the 2nd year. It's expensive. Help us get there!
Twelfth Night at the Hollywood Fringe Festival... The production that was so fun, we had to bring it from UCLA to the Fringe. SHAKE ON!
Help spread joy, Dragapella®, & comedic subversiveness globally! We still need your help! Go to kinseysicks.com to learn more!
An exciting, new play telling the wild and passionate marriage of Frank Sinatra and Ava Gardner, through flashbacks and live jazz music
‘Origins: Cain & Abel’ transforms the well known biblical tale into a production for a modern audience.
We've devised a wonderful show and we'd love your help taking it to the Edinburgh Fringe next summer! Much love, Intrepid Fools x
The Great Alumni Roundup is a project in conjunction with the Canadian Improv Games which will reconnect alumni with the CIG community.
Help us bring a new play by Madelyn Shaffer to the Playroom Theatre Off-Broadway this June.  More at:  Webroadway.org #equalityonbway
Join us for the third year of Queen Mab's Enchanted City, a fairie and steampunk festival in Troy, NY with exciting afterparties!
8 plays from inception to production in less than 24-hours! It's a fast-paced, high-energy theatre experience for artists & audiences!
We're raising funds to get new farce 'Dead Wright' to the Edinburgh Fringe! Any and all donations are very much appreciated.
After a successful run, this "brave and perceptive piece of new writing" (TAB, 2015) is being reimagined at the Edinburgh Fringe.
Innovative theatre writing exploring a nights span between two newly aqauinted beings. Absurdly written to explore companionship.
A show about a group of women who decide to make a feminist porn, premiering at Ars Nova's ANT Fest 2015!
New Jersey Renaissance Faire asks its community if it wants to see more!  More acts & stages; vendors & space - and more weekends!!!
Comedy! Magic! Variety! Burlesque!  The Lock-In Cabaret is bringing it all to Edinburgh with our variety show!

http://youtu.be/cX7gk
Door Ajar are raising funds for Thisbe, an actor-musician sequel to A Midsummer Night's Dream, coming to VAULT Festival 2016.
IMT is producing its first ever play festival and we need your help! Please donate to help us bring five student written works to life
To explore the science behind attraction by using elements of physical theatre and clowning techniques.
A queer solo performance for the global generation @FringeNYC — The New York International Fringe Festival in August 2015
A heart-pounding trek through America's past
Roger is trapped in his flat because the birds have left and may attack at any time. A new-writing production for the Edinburgh Fringe.
Stimulating and engaging children's theatre piece created in Exeter. Help us raise funds to take it to the Fringe!
Help us get to EdFringe 2015. A hilariously honest & unlikely friendship reveals secret women's business in a perfection-hungry world.
Mingled Yarn make their Edinburgh debut with a subtle and surprising adaptation of Shakespeare’s Henry V.
A magical musical jungle adventure for all ages. Young Jessica discovers the power of healing and teaches us all how to fly.
Glasgow Acting Academy is one of Glasgow's leading theatre schools for young people. For the very first time we are going to the Fringe
Ruddy productions is a company of emerging NYC artists committed to producing new works that truthfully examine the human experience.
Boston's Theater on the Roof is touring to Washington, DC to present our production of "The Merry Wives of Windsor."
Fabletop Theatre are performing their 4 star, sell out show 'The Girl and The Box' as part of the Camden Fringe but we NEED YOUR HELP!
Sci-Fest LA still needs $9,000+ to fully construct the extremely cool SPECIAL EFFECTS for this year's mind-bending festival!  Read on!
Support Dan Simpson's spoken word show Artificial Ineloquence at the Edinburgh Fringe - in return for some fantastic poetry Rewards!
Blair Ingenthon's COSPLAY comes to the Game Play Festival at The Brick this summer!
An original play written by Kacie Devaney
Rowdydow Theatre Company is proud to present ‘Dearly Beloved’- Two very special occasions that you will most definitely want to attend!
How is a life affected by constant interruption? For these two men, life is sometimes a one-sided conversation or a moment of silence.
Created by Nelson Cooper & Kim Cooper. DEAD ZONE 805 a Zombie themed Halloween Haunt in Ventura, CA. Try to ESCAPE from ZOMBIE VILLAGE!
An arts festival presenting world-class puppet theatre free for an underserved rural community in Central New York.
Steampunk art and music festival centered around the Frederick MD Pennyfarthing  race on August 13. Created By Doc Stone
Help send the Charlie Brown cast to the Iowa state AACTFest competition.
We are fundraising for our local Gay Pride event scheduled for July 4, 2015.  Community support and involvement welcome!
Un spectacle pure laine, mettant en vedette deux inséparables, Bas Gauche et Bas Droit.
Your favorite outdoor film festival needs your help! Help us raise funds to purchase a new screen, projector, and audio equipment!
One-woman cabaret about an island lass let loose in the big city, blending big songs with amusing stories and intimate moments.
A transcultural theatre festival in London’s West End, highlighting stories that transcend cultural and geographical boundaries.
Art. Music. Food. Bikes. An urban festival to entertain, connect and inspire bicycle commuting, recreation and sport in Los Angeles!
Hello we are Bristol Improv and we're back at the EdFringe with Bristol Improv Takes Over The World!
A graduate theatre company from Exeter Uni, performing 'Forever House' at Arts On The Move Festival and The Edinburgh Fringe 2015.
The Swindon Fringe Festival is coming back! 1st - 9th April 2017
A new play created by an entirely female company of emerging artists and students celebrating what it means to be female in 2016.
A community celebration set in the beautiful Devon Victorian seaside resort of Ilfracombe with music, theatre and street performances
Arts on the Move is back! Prepare yourselves for an eclectic mix of arts whilst exploring the lovely surroundings of Poltimore House...
Fringe First Award nominee's Portmanteau are heading up to Edinburgh Festival 2016 with new show Something Borrowed & need your help.
The Scottish Referendum. Who do you believe? Follow Mowgli as she journeys through the jungle in search of the truth about the vote.
The WORLD PREMIERE of The Orbweaver, a Mexican fairytale, at the 2016 Vancouver Fringe Festival.
I WOULD is a new three way sketch show from By No Mean Feet, exploring sex, self-image and the possibilities we find in other people.
Help Shaelee Rooke take her debut solo show to the Edinburgh Fringe!

Supported by Bristol Ferment, directed by Toby Hulse.
Aristides Vargas' Our Lady of the Clouds - an "exercise in exile" receives its English Language premiere at the 2015 Fringe Festival
Tut'Zanni is taking our latest show, "Love Letter Lost" to DC as part of the Capital Fringe Festival!
Help the two caged chickens make the journey Copenhagen-Lisbon return in order to perform at the international theatre festival FITIJ!
A curiously dark adaptation of Bram Stoker’s original story of ‘Dracula’. Set in an era where the legend of the Nosferatu is real.
The realm of the fae comes to life this fall! Performance art, workshops, dance and music performances in a magical fantasy world
The Unmistakable Scent of Leopard present stand-up and Competitive Comedy Nonsense at The Edinburgh Fringe Festival 2015.
Atlanta Solo Theater brings a famed cartoon-based musical to the V International Festival of Russian Youth Theaters in Washington, DC
Story City is an exciting new festival taking part in Leicester as well as online showcasing new theatre, digital performance, and more
I am creating a living renaissance town amongst a lush green made rain forest for all to enjoy, Scotland 1562 we hope you join us.
Every year all of our loyal fans ask if they can donate to help keep Haunted Marsh haunting each year.  Now is your chance!
This exclusive event showcase's international stars of Burlesque alongside New Zealand’s most recognized and emerging performers.
I am looking to start the worlds fastest moving parade, around 45mph. This could very well be the fastest parade in human history.
With so much Craziness in the world physically, mentally and spiritually people need a place of healing...Laugher is Medicinal!
Support us on our journey to Edinburgh Festival Fringe 2016 to bring a touch of Parisien Glamour to Edinburgh!
The Rebirth Consortium is a collection of stories, highlighting moments of self-discovery, and how the characters have handled it.
Thoughtful, creative hilarity & provocative, participatory performance with Rev. Ivan Stang in one of his famous satirical "devivals."
A CT Marie Inaugural Production: A play about the frustrations of an adored muse who is unable to inspire himself.
A living history renaissance town for all ages, current time frame for completion is Jan. 1, 2017 amongst a rain forest created by man
Dadome Rollerskating Rink will be the only indoor skating rink since Empire Closed its door 7 years ago
Preparing the archives of David Shepherd (the father of improvisation) for their permanent home at Northwestern University.
Join us Aug. 28-30 2015 for Another Amazing Time!
To create jobs, entertain the masses, help local merchant's and economy.
An event that celebrates all forms and aspects of urban comedy while bringing together comics from all over to showcase their talent.
ZZP Talks - Inspirerende verhalen van interessante sprekers en netwerken met andere ondernemers in het hartje van Utrecht!
We're looking for the funniest stand-up comedian in the Commonwealth of Virginia. Then we're coming to your state, too.
The Elizabethan Revenge Society has been accepted into the Charm City Fringe Festival with our original adaptation of Sweeney Todd!
We are two friends wanting to spread V.D. to Brisbane. 
It's awkward, it's physical, it's tragic, it's a comedic tale we want to share
The “HOPE” of the producers, is to use the Festival’s platform as a tool to try and bridge gaps of divisiveness in America
Raising funds for props, costume, travel, accommodation and technical requirements for a run of our show Ingo's War at Brighton Fringe.
The play you love to hate is coming to Indy Fringe!
Our play, Tinderbox, is coming to the 2017 Adelaide Fringe! We need your help to cover the cost of our amazing venue hire at Gluttony.
17 Days! This is the fourth year of the exciting national and international film festival in the beautiful City of Glendale, California
Experience Sound Immersions, Workshops, Portal installations, Yoga, Music, Dance and Group Meals in a Beautiful High Desert Setting.
The first Redlands International Film Festival to premiere on Labor Day 2017, screening new full length feature films, short films
The first Bollywood dance drama at MN Fringe; an extravaganza of color, culture, and dance, swirling together to tell a moving story.
TwainFest 2012 - San Diego's biggest FREE theatrical event celebrates Mark Twain and his contemporary writers on August 18, 2012.
David Blatter, Leeman Parker, & director Jon Armstrong are looking to get funding to extend their show "Magic & Other Dangerous Things"
Pneumatica: an event about air, made by air, powered by air.
Inspiring wonder and encouraging curiosity through thought provoking talks, music, performances, stories and poetry.
Gather to sing and celebrate humanity, science and civilization: how we turned the longest night into a festival of light.
Physical is a 9-day festival celebrating contemporary physical theater with its inaugural year in Chicago July 25th to August 2nd!
For its 5th year, Chicago Fringe will expand and enhance Fringe Central and the thoroughfares between venues for our patrons!
The Bay One-Acts Festival (BOA) showcases the best short plays from the most exciting independent theatre companies in San Francisco.
A poor economy lengthens more than the hemline. Help Portmanteau make the most of our month at the Edinburgh Festival Fringe  2014!
MIXTAPE: Original One-Act Festival is a platform for artists of all types to find their voices--actors, directors, writers, musicians, painters, etc.
Thinking Drinkers explore the liquid lives of history’s most extraordinary elbow-benders in a brand new show to premiere at the Fringe
The 2013 Bay One Acts Festival (BOA) spotlights new work from local artists. Your pledge helps sustain a Bay Area theater tradition.
We've been selected for the New Orleans Fringe Fest! Help us transport, house, and pay our performers for our night with the Goddess!
Award winning theatre company The Paper Birds take TWO hard-hitting, visually stunning productions to the Edinburgh Festival 2014
Neo-Futurists from New York, Chicago and San Francisco unite to bring Too Much Light to the Edinburgh Fringe Festival!
8 plays from inception to production in less than 24-hours! It's a fast-paced, high-energy theatre experience for artists & audiences!
A weekend long block party celebrating comedy in Downtown Los Angeles coming in the Fall of 2012.
A play for kids inspired by the true story of Roy and Silo, male Chinstrap penguins at the Central Park Zoo who caused a public outcry.
"Best kids show of the Fringe!"
The Neverland Players are returning to Minneapolis to perform at the 2014 Minnesota Fringe Festival!
Proud of independent, Birmingham-made theatre? We are taking THREE 'wildly imaginative' projects to the Edinburgh Festival Fringe
Through physical theatre, clown, live music, and grotesque imagery, Against Nothingness dramatises the life and works of S. Witkacy.
The 1st Annual Los Angeles Science Fiction One-Act Play Festival
Drugs, love and tea cosies collide in Alex Oates's debut comedy about a young lad tangled in the dark web. @silkroadtheplay
Help Insatiable! develop diverse stories and voices of Asian American playwrights through our annual play reading festival in Seattle.
A new musical that amplifies the world of Shakespeare’s HAMLET.
Crowley & Co. are taking over an entire room of VAULT Festival 2016 for two weeks of new plays, music, workshops and comedy.
A collab between Baba Israel, Leo Kay, and Yako 440 to remix, exhibit, and dialogue with steve ben israel's archive of art and activism
BasicSpace is a brand new site-sensitive theatre festival coming 16th-21st February 2016 to two Victorian safehouses in Peckham.
"Poor People" is a poignant adaptation to the stage of Dostoyevsky’s classic novella. This work explores love's triumph over poverty.
9 x bold creative voices + 3 nights of storytelling = 1 festival celebrating the work of emerging theatre makers - Stomping Ground
Queer Heartache is an award-winning slam poetry theater show that explores transgender, queer, and Asian American identity.
Providing a platform for women to share their unique comedic voices, we'll show the world how kickass women in comedy are.
EN GARDE ARTS HAS ASKED EMERGING ARTISTS TO THINK BIG FOR AN OUTDOOR FESTIVAL COMING OCTOBER 2ND THRU 4TH IN HUDSON RIVER PARK
Faith. Home. Kin. RAFT is the slanted tale of sisters adrift, premiering this August at the Edinburgh Festival Fringe.
A brand new play about love and entitlement, by Camilla Whitehill from the team behind Where Do Little Birds Go? - VAULT Festival 2016
Peter/Wendy at 2015 Edinburgh Fringe Festival
Presented by Oakland School for the Arts
A one-woman comedy about Natasha's lesbian Tinder date in Pakistan. Support our journey to the Edinburgh Fringe Festival!
An event to teach businesses how to create viral content, while paying tribute to internet phenomenon of Harambe. Expect lots of memes.
This nostalgic sketch comedy show celebrates the last true decade by blending '90s pop culture with the present.
Help support this free steampunk and fairie themed street festival in Troy, NY featuring music, performances, vendors and more!
Help us make our most ambitious festival to date a reality by pledging what you can and spreading the word. No donation is too small!
We're bringing you the best of contemporary performance created Los Angeles. Kickstart our fourth year for great perks and VIP access!
We are re-developing our show 'TRIBE' and taking it to the Edinburgh fringe festival this summer. We need your help to get us there!
Bringing FREE Shakespeare to Florida and the Big Bend.
Not everyone is normal. In fact, no-one is. A thrilling and tender new play about two extraordinary boys. #BillyTTW
This award winning and published play has been accepted into the prestigious New York International Fringe Festival! HELP US GET THERE!
Orginal comedy premiering at Capital Fringe Festival in July. The story of what really happened to Amelia Earhart after her last flight
This One Acts Festival is held every 2 years and this year will include a one-act musical along with other plays from around the world.
A play about people's search for meaning and identity in a world gone crazy.  Raving Native Productions at the MN Fringe.
The story of The Hobbit, set to the music of Les Miserables! Comedic, smart, and brilliant, complete with beards and Middle Earth grit.
Christian art doesn't have a great track record. Let's change that together. Join us for a festival of film, music, discourse and more.
We are taking our production of 'That Face' to schools across the country to promote discussion on Mental Health and family  pressures
The kind of characters your mother warned you about. If only you'd listened. A brand new narrative-led sketch show coming to Edinburgh.
An anti-oppressive, queer reading series made of serious literary magic in Vancouver, unceded Coast Salish land.
Help LAB Theatre get King of the Fuckin' Castle - a tragic and beautiful new play about homelessness - to VAULT Festival!
Milk Presents: Self Service is going to take the Edinburgh Festival Fringe by storm this year…we just need a little support from you.
Help Connor and Mary (and Gothic Funk Press) plan a Flinty Carnival/Mardi Gras celebration through a retelling of the Myth of Orpheus.
Help us take our adaptation of Euripides' "The Trojan Women" to the Edinburgh Fringe Festival.
Help us bring 'Boys' an exciting, raw play about the highs and lows of youth to life!
In a small legal copy office, a new scrivener is needed. Bartleby is the ideal man for the job. He'd just prefer not to.
A labyrinthine comedy adventure about a mysterious museum and its curious exhibits lying dormant under the city...or are they?
Hypnotist Theatre go to Edinburgh!

Devised adaptation of the Grimm Tales exploring memory, fear, and the danger of forgetting.
A frank and funny show about the challenges of living with anxiety. Touring to Edinburgh, then schools and arts centres nationwide!
Hotel Echo have been invited to take our debut show 'Wild Men' to NTS Tin Forest Festival and AIYF but we need your help to get there!
A parody about gender parity where all the men are played by women. In your face Shakespeare!
It's time for an international audience to know my name and what I do. Please help me take "Book of Love" to the Edinburgh Fringe Fest!
Help us get to the Edinburgh Fringe Festival 2015. New writing, "Scattered" is a funny, emotional roller-coaster not to be missed.
Yonni's pissed off in a world filled with school riots, first loves, beached whales, sex, rebellion and...HIM
Intimately autobiographical & poetic, Bea Cordelia's solo show Chasing Blue chronicles her perilous journey toward her trans identity.
The Wee Theatre Festival will celebrate new writing and performance across the Highlands. Expect a smorgasbord of theatrical delights.
A one night charity gala for this fabulous charity to raise funds and awareness of a fabulous literacy project for Yorkshire children.
nabokov's exclusive collaboration of explosive artists create the gig theatre show SLUG #FUNDSLUGTHESHOW
The Italia Conti 2nd years are going to Ed Fringe! But not without your help!
Eggbox Comedy are transporting 'SWITCH' to Edinburgh after a sellout run in Cambridge, and we need your help to make it happen.
Squonk's brand new, all-original music spectacle, performed on human-powered cycle-stages.
A devised, experimental, physical piece of theatre about 3 notable female characters who work together to reclaim their own voices.
A Sketch Comedy Show, The Hunger Games meets the Bachelor. Will these women fight to the death, or fall short.
Help bring "My Life in Michaels" to Bad Theater Fest, Oct. 22 2015!
Cultural festival for the 4 language groups of Africa.Traditional dancing, sports and story telling. Celebrating our culture!
After working with Kevin Bacon, would Lolly feel more connected to the world?  A one woman comedy for the Edinburgh Festival.
In the spirit of that infamous outlaw who stole from the rich to give to the poor, we need a band of Merry People to help X Fest 2015!
A new piece of theatre, in association with Camden Fringe, explores the stories of six young Londoners.
Follow a dying Man as his life flashes before his eyes. A story told with no words, but with music, dance, stage combat & physicality.
We are a new, Scottish theatre group taking D.C. Jacksons "The Wall" to the Edinbrugh Fringe this year.
1975. A school in West Yorkshire is throwing its final assembly of the year. 
An alternative comedy from the University of Manchester.
'Bloom' is Vocal Point's 2014 Edinburgh Fringe show. It concerns poverty in Glasgow and has been developed out of true stories.
Amelia Earhart: famed adventurer, mystery-shrouded aviatrix & banjo player?! Help us fly this all-ages show to FringeJr this summer.
Bored? Depressed? Sense of pointlessness weighing you down? Are you Ed Milliband? You need stimulating by the Great British Playwrights
A play about creation, expression, and the end of the world, put on by Montclair State University students at the Thespis Festival.
Look! In the sky... It's a sitcom! It's a Musical! It's a dark comedy! It's all of those things... it's Poly Bunker Sings!
"Live happily ever after with Kindlr, the new 99%-effective dating app.” A rebellious new play exploring our infatuation with romance.
Please support UCL's production of Euripides' "Bacchae" to participate in the International Festival of Ancient Drama in Greece
Last month, the US government advised our performer not to travel, changing his name on our flights to Sweden costs money we don't have
A new musical myth about growing life. A unique mix of poetry, music, storytelling and art. Presented in the 2015 Frigid Festival. NYC.
THE SEMI-TRUE STORY OF A GIRL AND HER SHOES
Support a group of enthusiastic and talented young people to take their fantastic new piece of theatre to The Edinburgh Fringe Festival
A one-act play about a man who schedules individual meetings with all of his exes in the same coffee shop on the same day.
What happens when your universe is forever changed? Through young Abellona's imaginative eyes, watch her family try to cope with loss.
Help Emma make her way to NYC to participate in the New York International Fringe Festival! That's right, she got in! Now help her fly!
The Class Act Players put on another one of their original musicals featuring young Scott Harrison's attempt to secede from Virginia!
The Fire Ball Masquerade is THE biggest and freakiest winter night of entertainment in the midwest!
A character comedy show about gentrification inspired by the area where we live.
Coping- a new musical from Queen Mary Theatre Company, performing at The Edinburgh Fringe Festival, feat exciting new writing and music
Based on the true story of a lesbian's experiences, Touch Therapy asks what goes wrong when you try to make everything just right.
We are a recently founded theatre company comprised of students who wish to perform a world premier musical at the Capital Fringe.
We're taking our witty, devised comedy on the absurd truths behind getting dressed to the Edinburgh Festival Fringe this August!
We are proud to announce that our one man show "Is It Feasible?" has been accepted into the United Solo Festival in NYC on October 18th
Curbside spins Saint-Exupéry's The Little Prince upside-down in an original physical theatre show premiering at the Edinburgh Fringe!
Please help FellSwoop tour nationally & perform at Edinburgh Fringe with the world-first stage-adaptation of Patrick DeWitt's novel.
Children from 16 countries will perform in Stratford at the WFCT for 10 days in June. Children performing theatre for children.
A dynamic new company, producing top-quality theatre with emerging new talents.
Creating the Epicenter of LGBTQA Fandom Convention for All
Support our tour to the Edinburgh Fringe of 'Attempts on Her Life' and 'The River', performing 5th to 31st of August
We have teamed up with a group of new young performers for a show at the Edinburgh Fringe. We want to keep the costs down for them!
This new play will premiere at the Out of the Loop Fringe Festival in Dallas, TX this March 2015 with WaterTower Theatre 3/10 3/14 3/15
A bold, moving, and darkly funny stage play from Pulitzer-nominated playwright Lee Blessing. Also Vernee Watson's directorial debut!
Realising theatre heroine Joan Littlewood’s Fun Palaces dream in Cardiff with new, gutsy, bold, fresh plays by women in English & Welsh
Help Kickstart the 2nd Annual Podcast Marathon at the Blue Box Cafe
The Hilarious Musical Comedy Revue - Performed by Accidentally on Purpose Productions at the Edinburgh Fringe Festival 2015
Haunted by ghosts of love & crimes, 6 people woven into surprising intimacies by the great serpent of Time. A new play: FringeNYC 2015.
The 56 examines testimonials from the The Bradford City Fire. Performing at the 2014 Edinburgh Fringe Festival.
I have the wonderful opportunity to produce a play that I wrote as part of a theater festival. Every little bit helps!
Stacy Queen & Berri Juicy have an incredible show that they want to bring to the Adelaide Fringe Festival, but need YOUR help!
Talk Show Circuit is a Saint-Ambroise Montreal Fringe Festival hosted by Mike Carrozza. 
Dates: June 10th, 11th, 12th, 15th, and 18th.
Cries of Freedom, a musical, and The Walk of Freedom, a simulation, are both free events during the week of July 4th!
Using the tradition of stand-up, short film, and theatre, "Kelsey Grammer..." explores the mind of one newly-21 year old male
KCACTF is a chance for 20 students to attend theatre workshops, see shows, and compete in their craft for scholarships.
BABOLIN THEATRE (***** - Broadway Baby) need your help to create our new and exciting Edinburgh Fringe project
An adaptation of a Richard Brautigan novella, two years in the making. A wasteland gang vs. a commune. Ears will roll.
FANATICON is a multi-genre pop-culture festival for Southern Alabama. Featuring 2 days of Anime, Gaming, SciFi, Comics, Art and Music
A completely improvised time travelling adventure, to be performed at the Edinburgh Fringe, 2014, based on the audience's suggestions.
Skin A Cat follows Alana as she navigates an awkward sexual odyssey. Expect openness, optimism and a uniquely female story
Our annual performances are 5 years old, and my... how we've grown.  The 2016 90X Arts Festival will be the best yet.  And we need your
Help get Cookie and her corporately created imaginary giraffe who is not a giraffe get to the NYC Fringe Festival 2014!
A courthouse holiday mock trial to determine who really wrote "'Twas The Night Before Christmas," first published anonymously in Troy.
The Graters are willing to do nearly anything to raise money to bring their comedy to the Edinburgh Fringe and not go bankrupt.
Our sell-out comedy show by Tom Basden is going to the Edinburgh Fringe. Help us get there!
'23, Please' is heading to the Edinburgh Fringe after a fantastic Cambridge run - anything you can spare can help us out!
International duo Hirsch and Fagan are redefining adulthood and how we measure success, one poem at a time. Bespoken word at its best.
Please support our musical theater program by donating to fund scholarships for students to attend this theater conference!
Kids create "Shakespeare's "Twelfth Night","Much Ado About Nothing", fairy tales "Thumbelina", "Princess and the Pea", "Rumpelstiltskin
Let's talk about sex, sexuality, consent, porn, dating apps and more, with speakers & discussions at this 1st annual campus-wide event!
Dunbar's friendly festival of spoken word and song with performances and workshops from established and emerging writers and musicians.
Yoggle and The Wonderful Waterfall is a children story created by Ben Lawson and devised by the students of Abingdon and Witney College
ThisEgg gently wonders about our desire for happy families and furiously questions how we can make what we imagine become real.
We're taking a new play to the Edinburgh Festival Fringe this year and need your help.
Break In is a quick paced comedic one woman show, where getting sucked into the mind of a loner never felt so good.
An explosive new drama about the hidden cycles of violence in rural Maine.
What happens to those who are left to rebuild community life? Verbatim theatre company, Snippet, explores the aftermath of a tragedy.
We are creating a circus show with theatrical masks and live music for a multi-year international tour.
Zach a 15 yr old boy living with Tourette's is forced to deal with his past when his addict mother unexpectedly reenters his life
THE THREE DAY KICKSTARTER CAMPAIGN for an original new play featuring the deathbed performance of Martin Allen's lifetime.
Bringing original plays to the stage
An arts festival featuring the professional artists of Great Performances. Cabaret, Theatrical Comedy, Visual Art, and more!
What is the sacrificial nature of artistry? Explore it with us this January at the Venus Theater Festival.
Henry finds himself in a world of all his favourite fairy- tales! But he slowly starts to realise that not everything is as he thought.
Actor Adam Harvey shares his vast knowledge of James Joyce's great cryptic masterwork in this one man tour de force performance.
Poetry meets theatre in this one woman show about trying to be good... and how to survive when it goes horribly wrong.
BULLET,  by playwright Becky Key Boesen, is headed to the New Orleans Fringe Festival.  Help the creative team bring this work to life!
Support a group of enthusiastic and talented young people to take their fantastic new piece of theatre to the Edinburgh Fringe Festival
Vera Shrimp is heading to the Edinburgh Fringe in August and we’d love your help to make the show the best that it can be.
EUTCo's new project brings you comedy with a punch. Please help us to take it to the Edinburgh Fringe this August!
"Shock Treatment" is play that will run as a part of the 2014 Hollywood Fringe Festival.
George and Adam are taking two shows to the Edinburgh Fringe Festival and they need your help
A Star Trek (TOS) parody/farce that follows one "red shirt" as he tries to avoid becoming the final casualty of a famous sci-fi trope.
27. April bis 1. Mai 2016 in Brixen/Südtirol/Italien
International youth theatre festival with 14 groups from all over the world
One Unforgettable Christmas Concert for Supermoms (Single-moms) and their Superheroes (Their Children) to Celebrate Their Life Stories!
Hypnic Jerk Theatre brings the world of roller derby to life through the words of the men and women of Minnesota roller derby.
Before The End is a very human, very family driven story. It's what happens when you reach for the stars and fall.
A piece of theatre that is a bit like a scientologists’ birthday - or christening - at the top of a radioactive mountain of litter.
A poetically powerful, awkwardly hilarious unravelling of what it is to be single for the first time since being a teenager.
A bilingual variety show that illustrates the rich history of the Nepali-American population through art, music, dance, and performance
Raising funds for, "Pop Goes the Weasel", which will debut in the Strawberry One Act Festival. Funds will go towards production costs.
In 2016, Louisville Championship Arm Wrestling presents it's grandest show to date! We need your help to make it truly special!
Fearless is about one man's broken engagement, the relationships that followed, and his misguided attempt to teach his students courage
The cult hit of Edinburgh Fringe 2015 is looking for funds in order to raise even more money for charity! Good business!
Brand new theatre company, Gardyloo, collaborate with ThisEgg to present an absurd physical comedy at the Fringe Festival 2015.
Six newly created short plays to be performed in a small portable venue to merge with the work of installation artist Rosa Sijben.
When the last remaining Dodo is hit by a man and his motorcycle who is to blame? 

We invite you to witness this supreme court case!
The story of one girl detective's search for a radioactive burrito, the toilet monster it spawned, and a bathroom that came to life.
Experimental Theater meets Adaptation at CSC courtesy of the Brooklyn College MFA Playwriting Program. Expect Mayhem.
The story of a girl and a stolen priceless work of art. 
Are you flying or falling?
English Premiere of award-winning play
A Moment of Silence
On the Internet you can be whoever you want to be. 
Loose Soul is an audio-visual journey down the rabbit hole called cyberspace.
The Salon gives emerging NYC directors opportunities to showcase their work, hear from leaders in the field, and expand their community
Booking 8 international air flights from México to Perú in order to present our last theater piece at FITLA 2017.
One woman, One eye, and her sort of blind life!
Massor av kärlek inbakat i en asball festival!
Kom igen, det blir kul!
Two Porn Stars. Two Stories. One Secret.
“The Fucking Problem”: A New American Play to Premiere at the New York Fringe Festival
We are a sketch comedy foursome, performing in The Underbelly for our Edinburgh 2015 debut and we need your help to get there!
A world premiere comedy going up at the 2014 Hollywood Fringe Festival!
Physical theatre meets lyrical text in a reimagining of Edgar Allan Poe's 'The Fall of the House of Usher', debuting at LHF 2014
Winner of the 2014 Scottish Daily Mail & Drama UK Edinburgh Festival Fringe Drama Award. Two sons prepare to say goodbye to their dad.
"Scooter" is a timeless play about two friends' differing views on growing up and what it means to "get to the top of the world."
We are Forget About The Dog, a theatre company looking to take our debut show, The Life and Times of Lionel to Edinburgh Fringe.
Support our production as we take Antigone's unique fight for justice to the Edinburgh Fringe Festival 2015!
The inaugural season of original theatrical works by Vermont artists at Burlington's Off Center for the Dramatic Arts.
'Nougat for Kings' is a hysterical blaxploitation period-drama written by Sam Rayner and Saul Boyer, bound for the Edinburgh Fringe.
Be part of Brighton's only drag king competition at Brighton Fringe in The Marlborough Theatre.
The 2 man improv show that swept Spain is back for the Barcelona Improv Festival. But needs your help.
An exciting production of Endgame, one of Beckett's masterpieces. Taking part in IYAF 2016 this production will blow audiences minds!
Goddess; one woman faces her fleshy truths in the celebrity limelight. A hard hitting but heart-warming new drama.
Through the Glade is a semi-autobiographical parody of every low-budget theatre experience you wish you'd never had.
'So we're looking through faulty eyes at what we understand only in terribly put together minds'.
Help launch new theatre company CultureClash with a brand new production of John Retallack's HANNAH & HANNA at the Edinburgh Festival!
The Story Tailors is a travelling theatre tent, in which families and friends can dress up and create interactive stories with actors.
LOVE SICK is a sensitive and hilarious two hander about the trials of seeking love and what it means once you’ve found it.
Its the first time ever Sprungsters (age 13-19) are producing their own show commemorating WW1 for the Coventry’s Physical Fellowship
A Saint Louis-area conference providing a safe place to ask the really tough questions about God.
Help send amazing MSGA theater students to the Junior Theater Festival - a once in a lifetime experience for any musical theater buff!
CoIn Theatre Company has been recently invited to significant international festivals and needs your generous support to get there.
This Is Not Culturally Significant is a darkly comic multiple character one man show that combines clown, bouffon and physical theatre.
Attending this years National Thespian Festival for college auditions and training in educational theatre.
A variety styled show paying tribute to Stevie Nicks at Lannie's Clocktower Cabaret in Denver! Show love to her style, music, and life!
need funding to defer cost of Travel and Dragon Food/chow
A one-man poetry show about the first man in space in four parts: Childhood, Training, Space and Earth.
Porty Youth Theatre hits the Edinburgh Fringe Festival for its 6th consecutive year with a new, twisted version of Alice in Wonderland.
Clever Talks is a motivational conference that inspires thinkers, but most importantly gives back to victims in need of inspiration.
Come and experience Pittsburgh's premiere pin up and burlesque festival, taking place in the historic Altar Bar in the Strip District!!
I have Learning about Dragons for well over 30 years and I would like to pass my knowledge on to the next Generation.
A dark retelling of Snow White combining puppetry, physical theatre and live music by eco-friendly theatre company Certain Dark Things
Le Maritime Mandee will provide Pirate themed boat tour parties and books for children. Ideal for birthday parties and field day trips.
A social connection between treatment & recovery while confirming the link between them, provided by writers/directors in recovery.
Support the next generation of British comedy and get tickets to see an exclusive hidden show at the 2016 London Sketch Comedy Festival
A new pantomime inspired by the "A Song of Ice and Fire" novels by George R. R. Martin and the HBO TV adaptation "Game of Thrones"
In 1857, the President attempted to make slavery universal...
one Virginia family stood in his way
New play from critically acclaimed, award winning theatre company. Join the Callow family on their love boat. Hitting Edinburgh 2014.
For Yes and Rock Fans. A totally immersive interpretation of YES music with sound, lights, pyrotechnics and other special effects.
1st Annual Arts & Theater Festival in honor of Is Said. Includes; Formal Dinner Gala, Workshops, Children's Play, Poetry Jam & Brunch.
The largest Firework Display at your fingertips
The Redford Theatre is showing the holiday classic A Christmas Story this November.  Bring the original Elves for a live appearance!
Team DI Ninjas were chosen to represent Main Dunstable School from Nashua NH to represent them in the Tension builds category @ DI 2014
Take our 3 man stand up comedy show to the 2014 Edinburgh Festival. Venue booked, accommodation sourced and promoter utilised.
Smoke or sell marijuana?Robert has, now in prison for it surrounded by killers,rapist,and meth head molesters.His life is a Circus!
Ed Bartko, standup comedian, is on his way to the World Series of Comedy in Vegas in September and he needs your help.
Blue Frog Theater's first Edinburgh show is about a magician who forgets how to do magic. Shazam! is a play about brothers, love, magic
The idea is that children and adults can learn about the history and ancient crafts.
Browngirl. Bluegrass is my one woman show, exciting and entertaining, that is ready to tour and to share with the world!
Seeking to raise $400,000 to Renovate a Local Film-Theater, to show Foreign Films and Live-shows, and connect with the Neighborhood.
Kalmarsund Pride förlänger sommaren för årets sommarstad Kalmar och avslutar med en sprakande oförglömlig Cabaré Varité show!
A Wedding. A ring bearing eagle, Harley Davidsons, muscle cars, suitcases of fairy bread and a boombox wielding celebrant.
A festival that blends #BlackLivesMatter with Brazilian and Yoruba myth and the music of the American Southwest and the Caribbean.
We're making our EdFringe debut with the world premiere of TETHER by Isley Lynn, a powerful story of ambition, trust and friendship.
Performances of original plays with conservative themes and values.  Come celebrate diversity with an alternative point of view!
We are hosting a meet and greet comedy in Showplace Entertainment Center
Entertainment Showcase of Actors, Models & Vocalists
The Steampunk and Makers Fair is an annual, one day, Steampunk-themed event held at Parc Sans Souci in Downtown Lafayette, LA.
We are going to be bringing to life the adventures of Alice in wonderland, using different forms of puppets,eccentric costume and sound
RAUNCHFEST! brings together the best tellers of the dirtiest jokes told in history for 2 days of music and comedy to fight Cancer.
A man waits in a train station for a visit from an alien.
Family Fun in the Park and music and theatre, inspired by festivals Beltane, Dia De Los Muertos, Feast Of Fools and Halloween.
The New Jersey Pirates & Privateers Weekend celebrates the Golden Age of Piracy with History! Action! Music! And Family-Friendly Fun!
We are Clue Bar. We like to murder people.
This summer Retrograde Theatre Co. will present it's first production at the Philly Fringe Festival. Please consider donating today :)
FIRST ANNUAL PARACON UK! US TV Celebrity guest and UK experts unite. VIP PARTY and AMAZING FUN for all ages! Historic event for all!
is a satirical take on the world of ‘self-help’, visually stimulated through devised physical theatre and multimedia.
Clarence, an elderly black man begins piano lessons with Sam, a young, white composer.  They bond via the universal language of music.
Help Jekyll & Hyde roam the streets of the Edinburgh Fringe 2016 and bring this ghoulish classic by Robert Louis Stevenson to life!
Please assist 8 High School Students in their travel from Texas to the National Thespian Festival in Lincoln, Nebraska.
I am wanting to build a full workable haunted house for the halloween season to operate every year. I have building background.
Our elaborate FREE haunted house has existed for 19 years to entertain & keep our children safe, while providing family fun for all.
To invite Syrian storytellers to perform at a festival in Sweden, in order to disseminate the Syrian cultural heritage of storytelling.
An event, designed to rediscover the spirituality of our natural environment through re-creating old-Norse rituals.
RENT is iconic, the passion, emotion & grittiness provide a piece of theatre that will leave you with overwhelming emotion, guaranteed!
Help us re-write the meaning of "period" from taboo to holistic!
This is for an Amtgard Event in Carson City, NV, the event is a quest meant to improve public image and generate awareness of our park.
Cultural Awakening is a pageant dedicated to celebrating the beauty and boldness within the ethnic community designed to reconnect root
One-woman show about 1st and only woman executed in Georgia's electric chair. Found guilty in a 1944 "kangaroo" trial: Lena Mae Baker
"Chemistry" is a dark comedy about two people with mental illness falling in love.

Part of the Hollywood Fringe Festival, 2016
HELP ME WITH MY SHOW.  It's about the comedic exploration of right & wrong and good & evil!
Tamfest is Ayr’s spooktacular Halloween celebration with a Tam o’ Shanter twist.
So join ghosts, ghouls and goblins in the town centre
This year Ethereal Theatre Company are heading to the Edinburgh Fringe Festival, bringing a newly devised show 'Sleeping Dogs lie'
Join us on a voyage of a lifetime to discover fairy tales, myths & legends from around the globe in our exciting children's comedy.
The Montana Festival of the Horse is a 3 Day Horse Expo to be held in Billings, Montana on Father's Day Weekend, June 19-21, 2015.
Paper Sky Theatre needs your help to launch the inaugural season of its Summer Shakespeare Theatre Festival in Grove City, Pennsylvania
Young, innovative, creative, and inspirational. We want to show new musical theatre by young professional artists in Oslo, Norway.
Will Power Troupe is the only US group invited to perform in London's Shakespeare Festival.  We need your help to bring the USA to UK!
We’re 5 years old!  Please help us produce our annual weeklong Arts Festival, featuring the professional artists of Great Performances!
What happened to the movie experience, smooching the woman on a date, yawning and the arm throw.. We want to bring it back to life.
ET IN ARCADIA EGO is a European Theatre Arts performance, devised by 38 Buried Roses and directed by Teresa and Andrzej Wełmińska!
I'm trying to go to the Lamplighter Guild for Creative Disciplines this summer. Can you help me? You'd be giving me an amazing gift!
Come and experience the joy of puppetry arts in Niagara County, Lockport, NY.
Get Your Own Back: Live! returns to Edinburgh Fringe Festival 2016! Come and join us for a gunging!
Undercut Theatre's debut production. A devised piece of physical theatre, questioning the limits of human morality.
An off season fundraiser to propel us into our next season following a tough year - Share your Goodwill with Freewill!
We're 6 young people who are raising money to get to the Fringe as producers and programmers for the Lincolnshire One Venues network
Built in 1869, The Keystone Building is the home to Roscoe Hall.  A theatre, Lecture Hall, and Vaudeville performers heaven.
Our (2nd annual) medieval festival features period foods, crafts, sword fighting, a latin church service, and more!
I'm Christian McDaniel and I'm performing my solo show at the SOLOCOM festival in New York City
A fast-paced journey through the life of Mary, Queen of Scots, her life, loves & the challenges of being Queen.
Bogne Creek Ampitheatre is going into season 4 with Tributes/Regionals/Nationals. Funding is needed and YOU can make the difference!
Come on pal, you know you loved Attic Poem. Imagine that for an hour.
Think Fun Culture!  Your support will help us bring alternative theater & cutting-edge art to the streets of historic Annapolis, MD.
Final Fantasy wordt georganiseerd door twee meiden. Wij organiseren dit feest voor een school opdracht. Make it happen!
Throughout May, Gateshead International Festival of Theatre is fundraising for GIFT 2016. Help us bring GIFT back to Gateshead!
Dobama's Playwrights' GYM presents new work based on the life experience of people from under-served communities in he region.
The Noble Source presents a brand new summer festival known as The 2015 Heritage Port Summer Solstice Celebration!
Theatre Anon take you into the world of Hans Christian Andersen with The Snow Queen.
A day-long Festival of live Shakespeare performances made up of cuttings from his most iconic plays. Offered FREE to CCSD students
We're taking Mark O'Rowe's dark two-hander, filled with unnerving comedy and intense, lyrical verse on an adventure to the Fringe!
Be part of bringing this 'erudite, challenging and captivating' play to London and a wider European audience this summer.
The Maze of Terror is designed to maximize fear of the unknown, fear of the dark and fear of things that you can hear but not see.
Help the Columbus MS Tennessee 
Williams Tribute present a play in Provincetown
Time: Feb 3rd, 2016
Venue: Newcastle City Hall
Photosphere Entertainment serves the growing independent artist music industry with a platform to spread their music abroad.
Let's keep it free!  Help raise the rent and keep our sixth annual Festival of new plays in translation free for Chicago audiences.
A gigantic Squid has crawled into the square, but how did it get there - and what will we do with it?
Nansemond River HS is a winner for the 2016 American High School Theatre Festival (AHSTF) to perform at the Edinburgh Fringe Festival
Family Fun Day  is a FREE event. Issachar Church goes out into the community and connects with Sheridan, IN. Lives are changed forever
Prohibition will be a 1930’s themed show, featuring top variety acts, including acrobats, jugglers, magicians, singers, and burlesque.
The Smiley Face and The Frown along with The Cupcake Theater present Jason Robert Brown's The Last 5 Years at the 2014 Hollywood Fringe
A show about making a one woman show when you are not one woman. Created by Slip of Steel.
Two young actors have written a play. Dark comedy- 'Stench'. The next great thing for Stench is to visit the Edinburgh Fringe!
""Emmy Award-Winning" children's magician & cancer survivor Dr. Wilderness has 40 years of MAGIC to share with every Kid With Cancer!
A haunted house rivaling Netherworld and Screams delving into primal fears and making you glad you came but wish you had stayed home.
A student comedy sketch group based in Edinburgh wanting to perform at the Fringe Festival! Any help would be highly appreciated.
An exclusive educational and participatory event for those looking to be a part of responsibly elevating the cannabis industry.
Creating fitness and wellness festivals in under-privileged areas to promote the benefits of maintaining a healthy lifestyle.
Shakespeare said it himself! "...so long lives this, And this gives life to thee." Help us save Hofstra University's Globe Theatre.
We are working on building yurts to replace the pop-ups we have used and make major improvements to the Fairy Garden!
Caesar and Miranda from The Sevilla Trinity want to take their act on the road.  Help save the world with this book carnival.
“LET'S PARTE' PRODUCTIONS & ENTERTAINMENT,LLC” ,Would like you to give us a big "KICKSTART" on our next production.
Swap-Meet & Fest:  Hosting child & baby gear resale booths, vintage pedal car race, puppetry, books, art, food, toys music ... Yearly.
At the Multicultural Center of Greater Green Bay we pride ourselves on our yearly Multicultural Children and Family Festival.
I need your support to fund The World's Largest Cake and EDM Party. Promotional and event artwork will be HL3 themed. Gabe pls.
I'm hoping to produce a 6 character play I've written in the Fringe next summer, it is surreal and explores mind yoga love and work.
Achète ton passeport à 15$ et contribue à la réalisation d'un projet collectif qui durera plusieurs années à Alma! Go on est capable!
Putting together one person theatrical / spoken word / musical act, that includes drums, poetry, rap, dance and comedy.
Ein treffen von Jungen Jongleuren aus ganz Deutschland 
1. Wochenende Austauch von tricks,Workshop.
Gesundes Essen und Trainingshalle
The Capital Country Fest is a event taking place with the sole purpose of providing a very unique experience to music lovers.
"Bringing back your talent!" Showcase your forgotten or never discovered talent.... Just have plain ol FUN and feel like a teen again !
Charming Pony Parties is a fantasy land for kids. Our magical kingdom has a castle & unicorns, pirate ship, barn, ponies & petting zoo.
A young gay, Western man is captured by ISIS and starts a relationship with one of the chief commanders of the terrorist organisation
Oklahoma's First Pirate Festival opens November 14 & 15, 2015. Step back to 1620 Port Morgan, Hispaniola & let loose your inner pirate!
A micro-festival for self improvers, Life Squeezers and the forever curious. Taking place from 4-6th September 2015 in Surrey.
Wir möchten an 2 Abenden im August ein Autokino in Schlitz (Osthessen) veranstalten und benötigen Unterstützung bei der Finanzierung.
"Southern Sophistication" An International Music Festival that will diminish the stereotyping that All Southerners are Rednecks.
Im putting on a community event that brings cultures together
Get ready to rage! Eternal Wonderland invites you to experience a whole new world at New Life on April 22, 2016 at Sunrise event center
Unique Theater Festival dedicated to plays, art, films about bullying.
We are starting a project and want actors to be paid for rehearsal.
This is a high school mega event that will change the world and thousands of student’s lives.
Relevantes neues Musik-Theater mit sozial-politischen Themen. Ein etwas anders Programmbuch, bei dem die Besucher mitschreiben.
Christmas magic for young and old
Superstar show on a cafe wage.........proving to be difficult!
Please support UCL's production of Euripides' "Bacchae" to participate in the International Festival of Ancient Drama in Greece.
the first annual Louisville Alternative Fringe Festival will be October. 2nd-5th, 4 amazing days of comedy and fun all over the city.
We are a Church trying to raise funds for a Community Festival in late August. We need your help!
A brand new musical coming summer 2016 to the New York Musical Festival! #tinkmusical
Help build a full-size, 1000 seat, touring Pop-up Globe Theatre for the 400th anniversary of Shakespeare’s death in 2016.
Our play, Tinderbox, is coming to the 2017 Adelaide Fringe! We need your help to cover the cost of our amazing venue hire at Gluttony.
Month-long Halloween Dark Fantasy Faire coming to Los Angeles 2016; immersive entertainment, artisans, food and spooks festival await!
Re-envisioned as a modern folk tale, complete with live music and occasional gender bending. Welcome to Messina...
IWS 2017 will be the largest and most comprehensive wine & spirits event on the planet...truly unparalleled anywhere.
Participez à la CAVICon pour rencontrer les créateurs de vidéos et autres contenus du web, dans un salon.
Anatomy in Action is an educational aid designed for high school Anatomy and Physiology students with Oculus Rift integration.
Please donate to get this amazing group of high school students to Edinburgh, Scotland to perform at The Edinburgh Fringe Festival.
The cult film is coming to Capital Fringe 2016! This deadly, simple DC family is waiting for you... watch out for Jackie-O!
A new adaptation of Sir Terry's hilarious Faustian romp through time, space and Hell. Help us celebrate his life and work at the Fringe
Help two bitter RSAMD graduates and one dropout bring this train-wreck of a production to this years Edinburgh Fringe Festival...
This campaign has moved. Please check out our new page!
An outdoor amphitheater for performing arts with camping, lodging, conference hall, and recreation.
A new 5km fun run at dusk and into the night where the walking dead scare the crap out you
To be the best, you must learn from the best. As a intern at The Cannes Film Festival I will be learning & building w/ the elite.
Haight-Ashbury-1968. A play about the passions and broken dreams of  revolutionaries. Will they return to the life or leave it behind?
Basically, I want a bouncy boxing ring for my 30th birthday party. I don't wanna get old...
Please help support Urban Orchard Theatre Company with their debut performance of Scapegoat, an original play, at the Edinburgh Fringe
Langston's Jewel Faire is a medieval faire.
A new original solo show from an emerging performer and playwright set to premiere at the Hollywood Fringe Festival in June.
A living history renaissance town for all ages, current time frame for completion is Jan. 1, 2017 amongst a rain forest created by man
Let's keep our Renaissance Festival here in Hillsboro Oregon . Historical Renaissance Festival held in Hillsboro Oregon
What happens when you combine space and galaxies with a Fremont street experience design with DJ's that collaborate together?
Night of The Undead will be an annual Halloween pub crawl in the U Street Corridor put together by the team at UStreetPubCrawls.com.
Seeking a Coby Fleener Jersey for our Beloved Shelwood. 
(I don't have much $$ on hand because I am a Poor, or else I wouldn't beg.)
