PC David Rathband was shot and blinded in 2010. This play assembles his last 20 months from data he left online.
The Ask Dr. Hal Show is a science question and answer show that happens in San Francisco. Tickets available here as rewards only!!!!
Conrtacting to write & deliver personalized comedic and spiritual Eulogies at funeral/memorial services. Celebrating their life!
In the darkness of nuclear-mutant holocaust fate brings together the board of six who must determine this years best new play, or die.
An original Off-Off Broadway play that draws on the works of Jane Austen, the Bronte sisters, and Louisa May Alcott.
A live cinematic shadow puppet show about death and technology, premiering at the Museum of Contemporary Art Chicago in 2015
A cartoon exorcism! An illustrated book and performance about letting go, in which an anxious man is stalked by his childhood TV hero.
"Now I'm Fine" is a piece of experimental musical theater that I have been working on for several years and will debut this December!
Please help Three Busy Debras put on a comedy show where rich children and distinguished adults normally just play piano
An Off-Off-Broadway exploration of Shakespeare's Hamlet and our struggle to present the most canonical play in the English language.
An art gallery, two composers, several visual artists, performers, and musicians come together to tell a classic tale - with puppets.
A unique storytelling experience for one audience member at a time. Float aboard 'The Cloud' and explore friendship in the digital era.
A premiere night of performances by new experimental theater group overunder exploring what it means to let a freak flag fly.
An original Off-Off-Broadway play loosely inspired by the works of playwright Eugene Ionesco and filmmaker Alfred Hitchcock.
Climb aboard the “Nature Cruise of the Century" and witness the brainlessness of eternity. Will we adapt or face extinction?
Award winning Caroline Horton's illuminating and powerful ink-black new comedy about the monstrous, secretive world of tax havens.
Rediscovering the past through the present: a theatrical experiment
Soggy Glasses: Dynasty Handbag's new ambitious monomythic failure at BAM.
Voolf explores the world of fairy-tales with a voracious appetite. An experimental theatre production by Chicago's Cock and Bull.
Portland's most experimental performance troupe enters the ring with America's best-loved play. November 14 - December 1, 2013
Nocturne for Rookery is a free site-specific performance rite created by Lucia Neare’s Theatrical Wonders.
In Club Diamond a young woman travels alone from Tokyo to New York City to be a star using silent film, illustration and live action.
Who is shaping our civilization?
The populace that gives it its power? 
Or monarchs in invisible towers?
Music, puppets, burlesque, comedy, tragedy, life, death. The Songs of Billy Butler as Conceptualized by The Mad Men of Oopsy Daisy Inc.
THE FLOATONES, a play by late downtown theater legend, Jim Neu, makes a comeback at La MaMa 20 years later with an all new cast.
Help me take this show for small audiences (5 people) on the road by supporting the creation of an updated theatrical touring trunk.
Living Room Circus is an experimental circus company which creates intimate and immersive circus performances.
A mesmerizing adventure story for adults and young adults — told entirely with text messages. Help us share it with young audiences.
A bold and revealing new performance that turns 16 hours of recorded group therapy into an examination of friendship and endurance.
A new verse play about free schools: Edinburgh Fringe & Midlands tour. Help us cover production costs for our talented creative team.
New play by Human Head Performance Group, creators of The Truck Project. Bringing theater to the most unlikely of places, a theater.
Basement Creatures is a wild rock opera, live on stage - March 2016 - In the Heart of the Beast Theatre - Minneapolis, Minnesota, USA
Material Witness explores personal and family stories of violence and the healing journeys of Indigenous women in our global community.
A new play inspired by the work of photographer, Francesca Woodman. Experimental projection and beautiful photography
Fight the suppression of artistic freedom in Europe’s last dictatorship. Help us bring 'Burning Doors' w/ Pussy Riot's Maria to the UK.
Apocalyptic gig-theatre. Dom Coyote unleashes some top gigging musicians and theatre makers in a subterranean tunnel.
Persephone in the Late Anthropocene is a modern spoken opera that re-imagines the Persephone myth in the age of climate change.
BOHEMIAN LIGHTS is the story of a blind poet on the last night of his life. Premiering at HERE Arts Center November 7-23.
In June 2015 two theater companies from across the world will come together to create STORM, a fierce re-imagining of THE TEMPEST.
You thought you knew Bambi, but look what happens when you start to scratch the surface...
A multimedia theatre experience colliding live performance, neuroscience, and interactive technology at Under the Radar 2015.
An electronic music show where everyday objects become something completely out of ordinary.
A one-person performance using only female dialogue from the most-produced plays in America.
A movement play in translation: a woman dances backwards through memories to be reunited with her husband and re-live their love story.
Sharply surreal theatre injects classic noir genre with a dose of hypnotic physical expression and an all-female gang of anti-heroines.
TWO GENIUS HUSBANDS is a queer & contemporary farce about the possibility of genius and the simultaneous impossibility of geniuses.
This anonymous bank refuses to take the apocalypse seriously; lethal apathy and manic joy perform in CHASE: What Matters Most?
THIRD RAIL MENTORSHIP COMPANY is proud to present Caryl Churchill's THE SKRIKER, an experimental journey to the underworld and back.
A play about growing up with a sibling with down syndrome. The best parts, the worst parts, all the parts.
Frederick Douglass and Donald Rumsfeld take the stage in Cutting Ball's new play "Mount Misery"
An stage adaptation by Edward Einhorn of Paul Auster's book, the first of his New York Trilogy, to play Off-Broadway at the New Ohio.
MY NAME IS B is inspired by Andersen’s The Red Shoes and Breuer's case of Anna O. It explores obsession, celebrity & mental health.
Olivia Lilley & a cast of 14 take her scattered memories of 211 S. Neville, and resurrect them as an original, collaborative fiction.
The ladies of the CAKE Comedy Tour have been touring together since 2012! We want to come back to Philadelphia, PA April 24th!
A solo puppet show created entirely out of repurposed materials that weaves together global heliocentric folklore!
Zolk Tizzer is a multimedia sci-fi rock opera that tells a story through the magic of music, dance and visual stimulation.
A new adaptation of the cult classic-- staged in a warehouse using the entire soundtrack (music+dialogue) from the 1935 film.
Draconian Knights is a bi-weekly audio series done by professional VO Actors. The funds will be used to offset the production cost.
Macabre comedy "Camel Camel" will harness the unbridled horse of original theatre on a 2015 tour in Canada and the USA. Help us!
Showbiz is a musical that comedically follows the life of Sebastian, a young queer person of color and their journey to Showbiz.
Marina Celander's searingly beautiful solo play Mermaid's Howl is going to Stockholm Fringe! The wolf mother’s time has come at last.
a series exploring contemporary performance in all its GLORIOUS forms // dance, music, light improvisation, sound art, installations //
Genesis and Nemesis is a 3-act play incorporating DIY theater, interactive installation, video, sound, ritual, and transmutation.
Watch your life unfold as though it were a Broadway musical. Your story. Your Characters. You: The Musical.
Bill Nye meets Drunken History; Steampunk inspired, adult comedy, science shows. Time travel and explosions
Democracy has failed America so it's time to hand the reigns of the country to the lesser of two gibbering maniacs.
A dramatic piece that reflects the psychological loss of a child. An ensemble of artists explore mental breakdowns, trauma, and grief.
A modern circus theatre show featuring local performers of many kinds, collaborating to create entertainment and fun for all ages.
A Spoken Concept Album on CD with Original Soundtrack exploring the feminine perspective through Shakespeare’s words recontextualized
Raíz combina arte y tecnología para crear una obra de teatro donde, decidirás el curso de la obra con una app en tu celular.
We're creating a poetic and boldly physical fairytale adaptation for the Edinburgh Fringe 2016.
Queer, Ill, & Okay is an experimental performing arts series exploring queer artists relationships with chronic illness.
An original take on spoken word, remixing garage MCing, communist manifestos & Hulk Hogan speeches into a playful show about belonging
Accept your invite and Immerse yourself in this surreal story told through vibrant imagery; song and physical theatre.
A night of integrational movement theatre exploring space/proximity, privacy/openness in human relationships.
An uncompromising exploration of PTSD through Verbatim technique. @ Brighton Fringe 2016
Fresco Puppy need your help to develop their experimental pop opera which will challenge mental health stigma and discrimination.
A panoramic new outdoor dance theater performance about land, labor, and home in the contemporary South.
The Antigone Project: exploring experimental theater from San Francisco to Poland with a residency at the Grotowski Institute.
We will devise and perform a mortally funny piece of theatre which explores the comedy behind death, dying and grief.
La MaMa Theatre presents Love's Refrain-- a new experimental work by Justin Sayre about the science of stars and the nature of love.
WaxFactory is performing in San Francisco and LA for the first time ever! We need your support to close the budget gap for the tour.
A performance-based installation of nearly one hundred gilded collages, based on Martin Luther's 'Ninety Five Theses.'
Six shows of film noir inspired cabaret.  From magicians to belly dancers - a fun night of fabulous variety.
Create an original devised epic theatrical psychosexual thriller spanning 300 years.
Help us perform our surreal sketch comedy show at the NYC International Fringe Festival this summer!
A true story about the first climate change refugees in the U.S. and San Francisco lawyer Luke Cole’s response to their predicament.
Past and present collide! Radio play transforms into stage play! Podcast becomes... people-cast! And did we mention there's a unicorn?
Drama students working with Johannesburg inner city kids devising a performance for National Youth Day.
The first show of a theatrical essay on movement and vibrations.
We are creating a fully devised performance inspired by art and through surrealism give an insight on BEAUTY as a health Issue!
A pause. A silence. A lost breath — and the market drops. Let the panic begin.
Blood Ensemble's new show, an ambitious on-site exploration of location, family, and Americana. Runs July 11th through August 2nd.
REBATEnsemble re-imagines Akira Kurosawa's legendary film as theatre and reloads it with a mix of music, pyrotechnics, and Kabuki.
An earnest whimsical examination of the tragic story of Sacco and Vanzetti (and Joe), using robots, projections, toy men and one bullet
Peter Handke's 1966 classic anti-theatre happening gets an interactive multi-disciplinary reboot for the modern age of hypermedia.
Stone’s Throw is a London-born theatre company creating performance which explores our world and challenges the state of our times.
A promenade performance that experiments with story, place, and group  experience  throughout the grounds of Tri Cycle Farm.
TRAINING DAY is the diversity workshop to end all diversity workshops. We hope.
Experience the destruction of childhood in the New York Premiere of the award-winning German play.
In order to raise money for the Edinburgh Fringe Play - Two Thirds. I will run across Newcastle as a chicken undergoing challenges.
The Vagabonds' co wants to produce the play 'The Duck Variations' by David Mamet, a park bench dialogue about life, death and ducks.
A woman, a man, and a talking mannequin explore the meaning of marriage, life, and sonic hallucinations on stage in the KC Fringe.
To bring an innovative theatrical experience to our community, while pushing our actors to tell the story using a week of rehearsals.
Fund The Cutout Theatre's second production of the season!  It is smart, emotional, sexy and hilarious! #ariadne #ontheisland #cutitout
A visual theatre piece, which explores the human need to go on.
Help develop Philipp Oberlohr's immersive mindreading experience at Ovalhouse Theatre. Let THE GAME play on!
sharing thoughts from the heart in words and movement
Delve into the world of a depressed bulimic, it might surprise you; ‘Charming, funny, thought provoking'… it’s Time to Talk to Jane…
Marisas! A play with Marisa Viola and Eleanor Hutchins. May 27-29 at the Wooster Group's Performing Garage, New York.
A new play by Ridiculusmus around innovative approaches to helping people with chronic PTSD.
The Hive Theatre Company presents an exciting new season of theatre, unlike anything you've ever seen before! Join the revolution!
Before the Satie 150 b day next year, I wanted to stage his pre-surrealist play. A mix of theatre, dance & music, it's a rare delight!
Impossibilities is a two man comedy, magic and mind reading show staring the Magical Comedian Chris Collins and Mentalist Erik Dobell.
We are heading to Bergen Norway to premiere our new opera IT'S ALL TRUE at Borealis Festival this March!
STAGEright Theatre Presents "Are You There God? It's Me, Karen Carpenter" And needs your help for our most important special effect!
Co-Produce Cock & Bull Theatre's production of TITANIC a bizarre comedy of  polymorphic madness, a delectably experimental voyage.
Solo theatre show with original animation and music, inspired by Sachie's family and 2011 Japan Earthquake.
"Please Alice Dad doesn't have to know"

Three teenagers decided to keep a whale as a pet when left home alone.
LAX is a festival for contemporary performance emerging out of LA, showcasing some of the city's most innovative artists & companies.
Remember shows where you never knew quite what could happen? Poetry? Music? Magic? Comedy? Improv? Theatre? Yeah - that. It's back!
“Tydrus the Twit” is a new opera by Zeke Virant scored for 5 actors and 6 musicians. 
A mixed-media live performing arts show that explores human encounters through: music, dance, animation, acrobatics and so much more!
A triple decker new telling of Anton Chekhov's classic play
The Prepared Table:  A Feast of Foods, Live Performance, and Stories from Iraq, Afghanistan, and the FOB of the US Military
'Something's In The Living Room' is a darkly humorous and surreal one-woman physical theatre show created by Sally E. Dean
A one-woman show, played by two women. A thrilling exploration of how our perception can completely reshape the world around us...
Reward your inner child and help us fundraise for our next production for children aged 3-5!
Super-Jews and radical lesbians unite in a dark comedy about six sexy teens struggling to be hot and liked in a teen-dream roller rink.
A multimedia production by Sex Workers to present our complex, positive/negative, local/global experiences across music/theatre genres!
Theban Plays is a contemporary performance based on Sophocles' Oedipus cycle.
Our show explores space, life, and what it means to be human with minimal props, no set, and visually striking physical theater.
The ONE WEEK KICKSTARTER CAMPAIGN to fund Crashbox Theater's world-premiere of Kitchen Sink Experiment(s) by playwright Colby Day
Champaign Ladies’ Amateur Wrestling is raising funds to produce live wrestling comedy shows. No Jell-O. No mud. All CLAW.
The story of a young girl coping with the illness of a loved one, this poignant multimedia play was created by local students.
Circus Extravaganza Returns to Mardi Gras
Max Understood is a new musical about an autistic boy.

Sound Maze for Max is a hands-on installation of invented musical instruments
multidisciplinary company building and performing work locally + internationally to deepen our conversation with the global community
We're setting up an event to roast Michael Eisenstein on the Friday after Thanksgiving in St. Louis, and we would like for you to come!
Save the bees! I'm a beekeeper-activist and have organized a bee action street theatre project; Toronto's Requiem for Bees.
Heavy Metal! Combat! Queer! Disabled! Witches! Warriors! Goddesses! Rock Stars!
"Delirio Furioso" first play produced by "The Prejudice Box". Schizophrenia, art, morbid rituals...have trapped Luis and Lucía
Mama is Greta equals Meta, and so is this show
The latest "junk spectacular" from the company that brought you 2015’s sold-out New York Times Critic’s Pick BAMBIF*CKER / KAFFEEHAUS.
We tricked twelve local playwrights into adapting a great work of literature for the stage,  How did we do it?  Read on...
A raucous, re-examination of circus, clown comedy, and juggling. All your expectations are chewed up, spat out and lit on fire.
Follow Julia Tuttle as she time travels on bicycle, stopping at key moments in Miami’s history-from the distant past to our future.
Little Thief Theatre presents the Vancouver premiere of GLASS JAW - an original Canadian work inspired by true events.
'Promontory' is an original experimental sound play about a girl who is discovering life through her dreams.
Against backdrop of Baroque Rome and the Church, Bernini in Ecstasy presents mythic personalities who inhabit this rarefied world.
From the bizarre to the profound, the violent to the beautiful DIGS is a closer look at the eccentric, untold stories of shared living.
Splutter Theatre is taking on RichMix! We want our incredibly exciting new project to be the best that it can be and we need your help!
A piece about Alice and Jeremy. How they fell in and out of love. How they ate each other, carried each other, and left each other.
Sh!t Theatre-supported emerging performance artist Eric Sigmundsson brings his debut solo-show to Edinburgh Fringe Festival 2015.
Acting Like a Man is a farcical look at one person's love life.
We are creating a unique theatrical production that will take ideas from page to stage in 24 hours.
Murdock's release event for his album #AAAH comprised of local music, visual, and performance artists all while benefiting the ADAA.
Live! On stage Q@A, interactive party with some of the original cast of the popular 80's t.v show Glow. It's about time !!
This Nov-Dec, BBG presents the Screen Eyed Baby Ice Performance Series, a variety show featuring 10+ artists in 4 venues over 6 weeks.
Theater production featuring Sunni Patterson that journeys through time and place connecting Africa, Haiti and New Orleans.
T2P2 reframes hard, thinky stuff through improv comedy. Now we want to take this Minneapolis-bred show to Washington D.C.
Inspired by the music of Kate Bush, we have devised an original piece of contemporary theatre to take to the Edinburgh Fringe 2016.
IMAGINING O is a devised performance piece combining STORY OF O, Shakespeare's Ophelia, and original text contributed by the ensemble.
A new play about pregnancy, miscarriage and motherhood with an online resource to support women.
Starting a new chapter of USITT in Goleta, CA and trying to raise funds to cover initial start up costs.
The Harvest Festival is a two-day performance festival taking place in September 2015, involving local and international artists
In his all new musical one man show Ian MacKinnon traverses the exciting and sexy world of queer music on a lusty quest for gay spirit.
An original movement piece inspired by six paintings by Rene Magritte, created by Ball State senior acting major Jessica Ervin.
Actors enter with phones, not knowing what the night will hold. Their job: to speak aloud whatever they hear through their earpieces.
Support a show about a dog, a woman and a whole lot of depression.
We're experimenting with the nature of storytelling by using puppets to portray this beautiful work by Martin McDonagh.
Peter Shaffer's play about horses. With a live percussive ensemble, 'Equus' explores art, consumerism, worship & rapture.
How do you cry for help when you're always literally sobbing?
Dr. Leroy Jenkins teaches theater history in the year 2095. His personal struggle is tragicomic, absurd, and total. Theater art.
Help Savvy B get to the show in one piece...
The next Kerfuffle at ImprovBoston is July 16th. Help me do something special.
A feminist performance art company based in East London are 
exploring and glorifying the female anatomy, our precious 'pussy'.
Interactive Mobile Traveling Christmas Tree
Spins around, Branches extend for a Christmas Tree hug, ambles along to entertain others!
Every Group deserves a champion: The strongest, fastest, smartest and most loyal. Now is the time to crown Club Reliquia's best.
Denna Kickstarter är till för att starta en ny Open Mic på Baras Backe. En standupklubb av komiker för komiker.
new show by Adam Foster and Susan Kempster #StartingBlocks @CamdenPeople'sTheatre and #ACEsupported
Monk Parrots 2015 Fundraiser: Bum Phillips (Texas Premiere), Here I Go (Spain), Welcome to the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia (World Premiere)
The actors and the viewers of our theater are DIVERS. We'll create the underwater stage, the performance and the underwater auditorium.
The Howard Rocks Theatre-Event:
An Artistic Trajectory between Sexual Encounters and Mature-Love
A Kafka-esque experimental play. A collaborative creative project where 9 actors propose, the director selects and composes the work.
This is Commedia for the 21st century!
Theatre created in 24 hours. 6 Plays written, rehearsed and premiered with in 24 hours
"First of all, it's the sound! this creation is to explain the sound  in the life...  silence, voice, picture, noise..."
A nomadic dance theater and art trip by 3 mothers & 3 children from Lisbon to Prague, dedicated to young audiences and family.
We shall create a traveling, dark and eerie circus! A spectacular show that will push you far past your comfort zone & chill your soul.
High adventure and excitement held in your pocket, and ready whenever you want to listen.
Used Bookstore, Writing Workshop and Live Performance Art Space
SEE HOW MUCH WE CAN PULL IN TO MAKE OUR JACKASS FILM
Players may choose a selection on a vintage Pepsi machine that will dispense clues to a puzzle along with a Throwback Pepsi can of pop
We would like quite a fair amount of money to go on tour with our podcast, TLDR: The Internet Digest.
This is a touring Science Show. 3 performers will travel to remote schools, community halls , service centres and presenting shows
A vivid and visceral experience. 
Sometimes beautiful, sometimes violent, always messy
A free haunted garage.  We take canned food donations for an annual 'feed the needy' Thanksgiving dinner that we donate our time to.
Chirpz The Bird wants to pursue his lifelong dream to visit Twitter's UK office and live in a lilac foxglove tree in Regents Park!
A COSPLAY ICE THEATER COMPANY featuring dinner/cocktails, specialty acts, vocalists, aerialists & more.
Bob Dylan's poetry/prose novel 'Tarantula' via an immersive performance by 10 eccentric characters within a volatile social hierarchy.
Rumors is a show, two night with great art
A live action film. A new take on theater. Duel by Design seeks to be the definitive action experience.
Resist xenophobia - heal trauma with performance! Dance across the frontiers and behind the veil with Subpoetics a neo-nomadic theatre.
I aim to create a comedy physical theatre performance which stive to raise awareness around the impact of alcoholism in society
The Hollows Haunted Party, party with the kids or check them in to one of our designated chaperons.
Dungeon of Fears Home Haunt will be a haunt in New Hampshire that will keep bringing people back for years to come!
Pfoho's inaugural PfBachelor of the Month has agreed to go on a date if $40 is fundraised. Help Harrison Chase find his soulmate!
Noetic Incorporated - an international call centre. Something odd has happened, and someone needs to be found out - but who?
“If We Can Dream” is the song recorded as the new International World Peace and Humanitarian Anthem.

We need your support in helping
Inspired by The Vagina Monologues, this project aims to tell stories of real transgender people and the stigmas we face.
Our show is growing fast! Help us get to the next level! We need props, lights ,costumes, marketing and more! All investors get a Gift!
Circle Mirror Transformation is a play about the journey five very real people go on to find emotional truth. Help the journey; donate!
We want to create 'Showhero' events on a bigger scale, where people with disabilities can show their talents in a full theatre.
Folk art, film, dance, music, and song theater project with a unique, diverse, and highly-skilled cast of authentic culture.
Join HOT in bringing Jonathan Dove's modern opera, Siren Song, to life in the Urban Arts District of Kaka'ako in Honolulu!
Gecko will deliver 52 FREE workshops in 2015 to UK Schools, Artists and Community Groups who otherwise don't have access to them.
Crazy scary haunted house fundraiser to gather canned good and good cards for people in need.
Audiobooks for the Damned has chosen me to read the novelization of Robocop in Thompson's voice. I'm going to need a lot of..y'know.
A night-concept that is rooted in the disciplines of sensory theatre and interactive performance.
Family caregivers of Alzheimer's patients are involved in the rehearsals of a play while patients do healthy activities in the theater.
Behold a theatrical performance that will destroy the barriers between performer on stage and audience watching from a safe distance.
"Un vaivén de emociones hará que te des cuenta que vale la pena ser quien realmente eres sin importar lo que piensen los demás."
Raccogliamo fondi per finanziare il progetto di sviluppo teatrale del romanzo a fumetti "I Camminatori", scritto da Otto Gabos
A Variety show consisting of improv, dance, music, and other talents, seeking start up capital to assist in venue rental.
Krapp's Last Tape! Theatre meets Performance Art!
@TestingTheatre
A year of talks to residents of a geriatric house  inspired the artists to research the issue and create a theatrical performance.
Experiential play set in the inner world of one womans mind. By innovative and candid Hull theatre group, Spirit Bird.
Help us raise money for our home haunt this coming October.
We are planning on adding some new rooms for your fears to come to life.
I am attempting to get to Russia via NYC. Once in Russia I will be learning about Russian Folklore and bringing it back to my students.
The Conversation Box is an immersive theatre piece that explores different kinds of communication.
"IamI" is a multimedia theater piece that reestablishes the privilege of being alive in a fantasy world predicated on immortality.
The Platform for Battle Rap and Hip Hop Entertainment. We are the #1 Battle League in North Texas.
A dramatic venture for talented, young artists seeking to develop and produce an original theatrical work on Massachusett's South Shore
the best things in life are free  we aim to bring parkour to scotland to help give to local communitys and improve moral,enthusiasim  .
Progressive professional grappling and wrestling promotion with a flair for the theatrical element.
Verve Next is a summer Devised Theatre intensive where artists under 30 collaboratively create a new original production.
support , educate ,train and mentor young adults  with a passion and talents for the arts. to have a platform to showcase it
WeAdoreTheNorthshore is raising funds to hold an event educating the public about the realities of fracking in St. Tammany Parish.6/13
"Soundtracks To Simulated Cruelties That Are Deeply Personal And At Times Sexually Explicit" is a radical take on text-based theatre.
We're cooking up some high-octane performances in 2016.  But we need your help.  We PROMISE you'll love it.  Thank you, friends.
Full re-enactment group of the Golden Age of Piracy. Accurate storytelling of real pirates and Sea Shanties.
Help me follow my childhood dreams!
ZIGGY-CRAWL follow's the story of a local art school student who, fed up with reality finds comfort in believing he's Ziggy Stardust.
Steampunk Magic and Illusion show !!!! STEAMPUNK MAGIC AND ILLUSION SHOOOOOOWWW!!!!
"Beware of what lies underneath... just the flesh, blood, and bones or an evil lurking in the darkness behind the skin?"
I am presenting a vibrant vision of activists in the next century. Original music, script, movement and visuals of space travel.
Please help keep comedians Caroline Mabey & Michael Legge away from this year's Edinburgh Fringe Festival. Thank you.
A lot of big shows have very impressive and complicated LED costumes.  I intend to create a simple, customizable suit for any show
Jungle Book is the first live performance where the real world and an holographic one get mixed.
A tragicomic jeremiad presented by Jeremiah Liend . A one person show that exposes, examines, and tears down the human condition.
Help me bring a Progressive Theater Group to the heart of Conservative Kansas, and save our original Jr. High Theater while we can.
A comedy club that have shows in Volda with students from the university and famous guests. Creating a standup culture in Norway.
Looking to fund and begin our unique new company with our opening performance in Paris, France in March.
Irish I Was Laughing is a brand trying to create a place for up-and-coming stand-up comedians to practice their craft.
Live Devival by the Church of the SubGenius! The World Ends Tomorrow and YOU MAY DIE! www.orlandodevival.com
¿QUÉ?: An innovative way to fully master the Spanish language. Classrooms are old-fashion… let's take it to the theater stage!
For Millennials who have gripes about growing up; FML I'm 20-something is a DOCU that will help 20-somethings laugh & leverage.
We are creating a performance piece combining Movement/dance, Theatre and installation dealing with body image and mental illness.
GUISE is a new drag show coming to the upstate Vermont area, set to start In January 2015!
I need $ to buy a hammer so I can attempt to destroy an infamously indestructible Nokia 3310 with it. I do not say "attempt" lightly.
Live presentation of over 100 Historical flags. Learn the history and bust the myths about our nation's flag in a fun entertaining show
In an unnamed city voices and images sprig to chart the disintegration of the mind under the pressures of love, loss and desire
A hypnotic spoken word meta-narrative and a journey across many musical genres. Presented as album, stage performance and film.
HallowBASH is shaping up to be an amazing event and I need your help to make it all happen!
An experimental play. Six brilliant scenes, the narrative of searching for identity, the difficulty of the search and courage to hope.
BJ the DJ presents, Class To The Future... Former Dallas DJ keeps students engaged and “tuned in.” Taking learners into the future!
A project designed to empower young girls and women to be all that God would have them to be! Isaiah 61:3
Forget TED talks, this is where thought provoking conferences revolutionise themselves and change the world today! Due to run May 2015.
I want to do a live action roleplay of Pirates of the Carribean and film it in a tropical location with costumes and real swords.
Hello guys, I find myself toeing the line and taking a step in the right direction. Social experiment about feet. Something's afoot!!
A bawdy original interactive kinky comedic one-act explicit explorative theatre piece about sex, sexuality, eroticism, and fruit.
HELP US CREATE A PLACE FOR KIDS TO SKATEBOARD YEAR ROUND IN SAGINAW, MI!
Creating a play about some guys who find a time capsule while tearing down old house. What they find unlocks a local mystery.
help us fund the KMW Trio's workshop & performance for voice, percussion, electronics & movement here in eastern Maine !
Have you ever wondered what it feels like to be in a horror movie? Here is your chance!! right here in the middle of the United States.
Hello , My name is Arron Perry  We are producing a tallent show in our small school ACS and have no budget for the event
Which would you elect?  A dog, pony, elephant, or ass?  Pick an animal, get a postcard!  (Or a ring, if you want!)
Looking to Kickstart  my stand -up career!
As a 34 year old, training to be a wrestler and entertain seems far fetched. With your help, let's make this a reality.
Modern orchestration meets radio theatre and film to tell a story of nature's final selfish act and the one who aims to stop it.
I need a new vehicle badly to commute to work, I need a truck. I will attempt to ride my bike off my roof and post the video for donors
Mr. Pat (Papa Bear) met the girl of his dreams, but requires gas money and funds to win her affection and eventual hand in marriage.
A controvesal play, (dinner thearter) you enter a home,  the home represents church, A family as a church where people live God,
would like to raise money to build an outlet thats fun, cheap & enjoyable for young demographic of america.  age group of 12-20,21-30.
I have been running a home haunt for 10 yrs now. I wanted to offer an experience that you can get at a theme park, but not for the cost
63 Chevy Impala that presents a message of hope! 
(Note: The video above are people on our Outreach Team, Jeff, Larry, and Noell)
A permanent facility used for an annual haunted house, craft fair, Christmas village, and other unique special events.
The Dragon Theater and Drafthouse will bring fine craft beer, food, classic and indie films, and a great atmosphere to the community.
I want to develop a 4D Hyper-realistic Virtual Reality Zoo, which will in the long run replace all Zoos and safely educate everyone.
This is a look into my life and my journey as a musician, actor, comedian, man, father, son, brother, husband, come take a ride with me
See it through their eyes and have complete control...
I'm of the opinion that everyone needs to yell at someone they don't know every once in a while. Don't you agree?
We are $650 dollars away from buying our tour van after a venue wrote us a $650 bad check! Help get this awesome troop on the road!
Looking to start a school of professional wrestling in clacton for the community/youth to get involved in rather than knife crime.
If you could see the wounds that 1 in 5 women who are victims of sexual assault and rape are left with, would you pay attention?
Have you ever wanted to know what it would be like to fight for survival during a zombie apocalypse? Well now is your chance!
New Opera with live film, based on lives of Edward VIII and Wallis Simpson, premiering July 26th/27th at Tête-à-Tête Opera Festival
Check us out!

http://www.usbentshowcase.com/
cancel
Check us out! www.usbentshowcase.com
"Becoming Inga" tells the true life tales of a woman gone rogue! 
A 40 something former 9 to 5-er turned Underground Fetish Queen!
I grew up in the land of 10,000 lakes. But never learned to navigate the waters of racism, dating, or for that matter learn to swim...
Magic show that is also science education and a stage play.
We build invisible presents.  Built by penguins in the South Pole.  Share love without the clutter.
Euripides' legendary story of a woman's revenge reimagined as a no text, all action, heart-stopping movement theater performance.
We tricked twelve local playwrights into adapting a great work of literature for the stage,  How did we do it?  Read on...
Shadowlands is a non-profit professional Haunt themed attraction to help raise awareness for DSP/ CRPS research.
If I reach my goal I will perform a brand new 5 minute live character piece in the August edition of the comedy show Dottie.
An historical comedy produced with ethnic variety in traditional roles by the PRIDE Theatre Co. created solely to produce this play.
These days gender is more than possessing the corresponding reproductive organs so what does it mean to be perfect modern man or woman?
An intense hour with the HAMLET family, Hamlet, Ophelia,  Gertrude, and Claudius.Pains of love. Lust for power, and murder.
An Opera by Elliott Sharp, a murder-ballad based on real events that tells the tale of a distinctly Downtown NYC cultural moment
We aim to promote quality wrestling events in the local area, using the very best of British talent, in a family friendly atmosphere.
The conscious foundation formed from a thought-experiment that to evolve further now requires energy from the wider public community.
Brilliant satire comedy. Think "Rich Dicks" from [Nick] Kroll Show + a not rich person. Semi-reality TV. Based on real interactions.
I am heading to Uganda to run acting and drama workshops for Ugandan Children
cancelled
We will buy houses around CO and WA and allow people to rent it for a weekend. Film projectors. They will enjoy a pound of marijuana.
So there's this guy Stu, and it's his dream to visit Manchester. He needs your help to fund his dream!
I need winter tires.
