A 4500 square-foot home-haunt. We had ~1,000 - 5,000 visitors a season. Looking to start commercially in a building this year.
Bigger and better for 2017! A haunted attraction in Pottstown PA, a portion of sales going to The Children's Hospital oh Philadelphia
Flynn Creek Circus seeks apprentice housing for 2017 season tour.  Young performers will join the professional show with your support.
The Director's Dinner Club is dine-in movie theater. The BEST entertainment experience money can buy, at a cost everyone can afford.
An immersive theatre experience. A speakeasy antique shop.     A labyrinth of devotion, passion, and remembrance.
An immersive theater experience. A late 1970s tropical resort. A fountain of youth that promises to quench your deepest longings.
A new immersive theater performance in which 30 guests enter a mansion, one by one, and step into a lucid dream.
An immersive theater experience combining a former hospital space, the writings of Lewis Carroll, & just 15 audience members per show.
Rooms Play is an immersive play about migration, a journey where you become the hero!
An Immersive Theatrical Experience adapted from Mary Shelley's "Frankenstein".

Explore the world of a monster...
What really happened to poor Ichabod Crane? The truth will emerge at this exciting, immersive retelling of a haunting American legend.
LIVING FILM+ROCK SHOW+GHOST PLAY. songs: AMANDA PALMER & JASON WEBLEY. words/music/direction: MICHAEL McQUILKEN. production: OSR & TWF
An immersive theater piece at Morrison Planetarium about 17th C.  astronomer Johannes Kepler and the harmony of the universe.
Play/Date is an immersive theatrical experience in a night club featuring 18 actors in 17 plays by 17 playwrights - all about dating.
Help bring a thrilling, new, parkour-inspired production of Shakespeare's Titus Andronicus to this atmospheric Peckham landmark.
What does safety really mean?  Safe As Houses is about life  in the time of the greatest change in society’s view of the 21st century.
The Witches is a nightmare immersive theatre experience that takes you on a terrifying journey through Macbeth's murderous rise & fall.
It's a show in a car! Two audience members experience the action firsthand with a night in the life of two enthusiastic bounty hunters.
"An immersive and interactive theatrical zombie experience at the world's largest arts festival! And we need your help to get there!"
An historic building on Governors Island is transformed into a living market through this immersive site-specific event.
A fully immersive Speak-Easy and Vaudeville show! A one of a kind experience! Dance, Laugh and Raise your spirits!
YOU ONCE SAID YES is an award winning one on one experience, it returns to the Edinburgh Festival in the British Council Showcase
Zemwerk presents an evening built around three avant-garde one-acts and two monologues that take us deep into the House of Carte Blanc.
A galaxy on the edge of chaos. A new colony on a strange planet. Welcome to Event Horizon, a live action role play coming April 2017.
The world premiere of a new theatre installation performance - a portrait of the notorious and famed in pre-Civil War era New Orleans
A 72-hour intergalactic house party exploring the uncharted depths of Dickinson's poetry in search of what is American, wild, and free.
JOIN WE PLAYERS in MAKING HISTORY! We Players brings our unique form of interactive theater and site-specific spectacle to The Rock this fall 2010. 
In the Basement Co invades a 10-room former hospital basement in Brooklyn to put up our new show The Lady in Red Converses with DIABLO!
Help create the first ever haunted Valley bus ride!
The 4th performance in The Unreliable Bestiary: a show for every letter of the alphabet, each letter an endangered animal or habitat.
Giving audiences real choice within performance. We transform the city into a stage, passers-by become extras and you become the hero
Dark immersive underground circus experience retelling the myth of Persephone with aerial acrobatics, live music, fire, dance and mime.
Step into a machine that takes you INSIDE works of art. This immersive experience at GEEK 2015 combines gaming, theatre and fine art.
Aztec Economy finally brings Butcher Holler Here We Come to NYC after successful runs in Texas, Ohio, Florida, Louisiana, & Maryland.
A theatrical mashup of the uniquely 21st century experience of mourning and moving on in the digital age.
An interactive theatre piece for babies and their adults, taking place inside an immersive performance tent.
An immersive theater project set in a dystopian present, where unwitting students undergo a new form of “education”.
Jack, a bisexual, worries he may have contracted HIV. 3 days of waiting for the result spirals into a full-blown manic episode onstage.
Innovative and immersive multimedia theatre glimpsed through the lost photographs an exceptional woman risked her life to take.
Immersive, interactive, intense theatrical experience where you are the protagonist in a story about Baba Yaga and the Firebird
The Living Tarot Oracle is a one-of-a-kind Sacred Interactive Event where the major arcana cards come to life to answer your questions
An immersive theatrical imagining of life within a community after a worldwide epidemic, to be performed at The London Waterloo Vaults.
As they clean out their father's house, three siblings play a fast and loose game of KING LEAR- part eulogy, part backyard party.
A magical, multi-sensory, family Christmas production that will be inclusive and accessible to everyone.
Freaks and clowns gather in a smoky room for a slice of nostalgia. Some pursue the truth- who will take the fall? Who killed our Angel?
An immersive theater performance inspired by David Lynch's TWIN PEAKS. Come visit us: Berlin-Tempelhof, June 2015.
A site-specific and immersive murder-mystery theatre format that will have audiences exercising both their mind and feet.
Created for event entertainment, Depict-O-Mat is modeled after a vintage photo booth and dispenses short, personalized stories.
Original live stage show filled with music, laughter, and raw energy! Powerful 6-person cast entertains & makes music WITH  audiences.
Rorschach Theatre will create and produce a brand new play inspired by the sharp, dark, weird and hilarious web comic A SOFTER WORLD.
Help us present As You Like It in Prospect Park, as the first play of our 2015: Hidden Nature Season!
Blurring lines between today/tomorrow, audience/actor, technology/reality in a theatrical, walkthrough, "Digital Reality Experience"
A new immersive performance on a 1930's steamboat based upon Oscar Wilde's "The Fisherman and his Soul"
Jack, a bi college freshman, is in for the ride of his life after a HIV test. A 1059 mi car ride turns into a Full-Blown Manic Episode!
WONDERSHOW is an experience in modern vaudeville with a heavy emphasis on magic and the variety arts by today's top performers.
A black tent. Three weird sisters. Short plays for audiences of 8 or less. A bit whimsical, a dash dreadful, all tiny, and all for you.
A unique, site-specific production of Shakespeare's darkest tragedy - Macbeth - brought to life in the historic Redcliffe Caves
Quarantine is an interactive haunted house. Make choices, learn secrets, navigate a creepy farm & corn maze to learn how it all began!
4 Days Late needs your help to bring this interactive romp through the 90’s to life!
A theatrical adventure crisscrossing Manhattan, that uncovers a secret underworld lurking in the shadows of NYC's epicenter of power.
We Are All Tourists is an outdoor promenade theatrical experience for kids and families.
A charismatic prince, a notorious woman, a spoiled socialite & a jealous rival in a lover's quartet—and you’re invited to the party.
A gripping take on Lisa Peterson and Denis O’Hare’s timely adaptation, complete with drones, trucks, campfires, and more...
Feats of daring, skill, and fandom! Variety acts from aerialists, jugglers, acrobats, and musicians paying homage to all things nerdy.
A radically inclusive theatre piece about a world where facebook likes and systematic racism receive equal attention.
Mysterious & visceral. Interactive theatre meets mini-break as audiences play detective in the bedrooms & corridors of a real hotel.
The Lost Room is an interactive experience set inside an intimate purpose built space for 2 participants at a time.
We are building a haunted attraction in Pottstown PA, a portion of our sales going to The Children's Hospital of Philadelphia
Explore a bar full of hidden dramas, featuring 12 original audio plays with 28 characters that interact in unexpected ways.
Transform Tom into the merman of his dreams and help create an underwater and aquatic themed immersive show.
A new piece of interactive theatre celebrating anniversaries in long distance relationships for a playing audience in the real world.
House 7A is a free, intimate & interactive haunted house experience taking place on Governors Island every Sat & Sun in September.
An exploratorium merging meditative durational performance and interactive installations to inspire altered states of consciousness.
An original, immersive play by Amber Kusching about the struggles of breaking free from a terrible legacy.
Show:UP! is a new immersive, interactive, performance experience that takes place in real homes.
An immersive and interactive performance installation. A commune in a former butchery. Sanity is a small box, insanity is everything.
Please help me transform my poetry and spoken word into a one-person show to be performed in NYC in December 2015!
Enjoy a guided tour of the fantastical exhibit, but beware these artifacts come from stories darker than Disney makes them out to be.
In a future where some people live alone on far-flung space stations, any contact with another human being is precious.
This play chronicles the true story of a US army survivor of military sexual trauma. STRETCH GOAL 11K, 45 MINS TO GO!
I screen a surprise, terrible movie in a 72 seat theater at a popular NYC movie house.  The audience mocks the movie together.
I'd like to bring my week long advanced Improv Bootcamp to New York.
Help us raise The Tempest in Yorktown!
An adventurous new production, The Hunt blends dance, immersive theater, and witch hunt hysteria in a reimagined Salem.
Enter a town in the grip of a disappearance; take on the role of local mystic as your unique sensitivities help unwind a mystery...
A guided tour through the rooms of a real motel where short plays and artistic installations around violence are executed
Outdoor play about Emerson and Thoreau’s mutual love affair with the natural world. Created by Emerson's great-great-great-grandson.
A production of Peter Weiss's political masterpiece, "Marat/Sade," playing  3/27 - 4/12 at the Players' Ring in Portsmouth, NH.
The Grapevine Escape is a fun, interactive team building exercise where participants solve puzzles in order to escape a locked room.
Contact the spirit of the great Houdini? Skeptics and believers try at SF's Brava Theater on the anniversary of his death: Halloween!
Human Combat Chess - a sport where chess is played with armed performers rather than tiny chess pieces - is coming to Chicago!
Help Theatre Babelle's Seabird is in a Happy Place make the flight from West Coast to East for its NY Premiere!
Walker Stalkers & Skybound's The Walking Dead lock you into two truck trailers with walkers.  Can you find a way out alive?
A group of Chicago theater artists bringing Chekhov's UNCLE VANYA to life in an immersive performance at the Ragdale Foundation.
A one-of-a-kind educational theater program for university artists set in the mountain villages of northern Greece needs your help!
A surreal space-time continuum-bending immersive theatrical experience of hysterical historical proportions with a visual art aperitif
Help me take advantage of this once in a lifetime opportunity to learn about the arts and culture of Mongolia.
An immersive look at Shakespeare's shockingly contemporary, probing look at the brutality of politics, staged all across Halifax Mall.
'The Gods of Pick 'N' Mix' is a new play about the old Woolworths. It asks what we can know about a person, or a thing, once it's gone.
Deven(the Birthday Boy) can do something he's always wanted to do...take an Improv Class at UCB!
Join us as we lead you into our enchanted world.  We invite you to discover the world of the fairies, immersing yourself in their land.
Big Worm's Sherwood Scare is a full-scale, immersive haunted attraction billed as one of the scariest events in Los Angeles.
A parody of the The Hunger Games where the tributes are video game characters battling to the death and the audience decides who wins.
An intergenerational community drama project in Haringey exploring the stories of Caribbean's emigrating to
England on the Windrush
An immersive piece of theatre created by a cast of young actors, featuring scenes inspired by well-known literary characters.
A fantastic comedy about the journey of two malcontents as they try to escape life and end up creating what they are running away from.
A piece based on the novel 'Lord of the Flies' by William Golding. This is a final year Ba Drama project with 8 cast members.
Our new show is called Terra Incognita. At it’s very core this show is about Climate Change and we need your help to create it.
The logic of Kafka's The Trial is the logic of a nightmare - a legal system both absurd and corrupt - and very relevant in 2016.
A  play about love set in a pop up cafe catered by Brooklyn's finest. Fall in love at Brooklyn's immersive pop up cafe.
Part performance, part communal catharsis - an experiential spectacle inspired by Occupy, magnifying joy through dance, voice, theatre.
What does it mean to engage in an act of Compassion? 8 writers, 8 directors, 8 visual artists answer this question for one performer.
Fermat's Last Theater Co is staging Strindberg's classic and controversial Miss Julie at UW Play Circle - for free!  Opens July 30.
Five insurgents are on the run from police. They have stolen and killed. Now they have you. Do what they say and, perhaps, you'll live.
I am an actor living in the Boston MA area.This is the final year of a show I perform in each year. I am trying to attend last weekends
We invite you to be a part of the creation of what promises to be Los Angeles’ must-see theatrical event of 2016!
For the performance of ON THE LINE we will create a short film. To make this happen, we need a little support.
We have created an immersive cross-arts event showcasing a piece for 2 dancers, string quartet, live electronics and interactive lights
We've created an immersive cross-arts series showcasing a piece for 2 dancers, string quartet, live electronics and interactive lights
A collision of puppetry, video, movement, original music & live vocals witnessed by 20 guests per live performance. Oct 12-22, NYC.
Morose & Macabre's annual cavalcade of the odd and bizarre. Bringing together artists & entertainers of a darker sensibility for 8 yrs
'The NHS will last as long as there are folk left with the faith to fight for it'

Immersive theatre where celebrity meets the NHS.
an evening of personal storytelling, gender-bending songs and no-punches-pulled conversations about love, hate and empathy
For all Larping experiences, it is nice to have a place where you can sit and relax for a moment... to enjoy a cup of tea or coffee.
San Francisco contemporary opera company presents the American Premiere of a piece that addresses social issues and audience immersion.
Spectacle de légende fantastique dans un amphithéâtre naturel en forêt à St-Mathieu-du-Parc
Bambii is a new, theatrical, immersive club night created by young artists in Downtown Los Angeles.
A double-bill performance event - offering audiences the chance to walk away with real cash and true love. LOVE IS BLIND.
MONEY TALKS.
We are going on tour & taking our motor theatre to the Edinburgh Fringe! We are hoping to raise money to help get our show on the road!
This is the kickstarter for a family circus show where you will get to walk through the set and join us in our black and white world.
The classic Salford novel Love on the Dole, performed with a local community cast and using locations from the original story.
Welcome to Joe's creative leap of faith & we know he'll fly! He is directing his first play ever & your pledge will bring it to life.
An inclusive new play, developed, devised and performed by actors with and without Learning Disabilities and Autism Spectrum Disorder.
Strangers is a new devised play based on the fleeting yet impactful connections made between unfamiliar people.
One Part Circus, Two Parts Burlesque, A Pinch of Class and a Dash of Trash; Circ X returns! @ Fillmore at the Jackie Gleason Theater.
MASTEROFREVELS.COM is bringing Shakespeare to the wild west. Come see what happens when The Bard meets cardboard and duct tape.
Part of the York Mystery Plays Festival, a community cast telling one of the medieval mystery plays with a link to more recent events
A one-man, one-guitar, 5,000-step musical stage show for children to promote exercise, goal-setting, and positive family fun.
'The Butterfly's Adventure' follows Martin the caterpillar who is looking for his wings. Live music, puppetry and lots of fun for 4+!
Senior storytellers with deep ties to Lawndale recount their stories from past decades to a new generation of neighborhood residents
We are creating a one night business school experience, complete with networking & diploma. Become a part of our Alumni Fund.
Make the middle of the week your night out, with a rotating roster of free art events and the chance to discuss over food and drink!
This workshop will help further develop an all-new theatrical experience, premiering in Ft. Lauderdale, in April 2016.
Half Mile Down is moving to a larger venue! Help us move our show to the Lake Lanier Olympic Center with its 2,000 seat amphitheater!
A visual and heartfelt show about the experience of loss within close knit communities in a Yorkshire terraced house in the sky.
An immersive dance party theatre experience that shifts between nightlife, home life, and you
the punk rock of musical theatre. our audience joins the show in small roles/ensemble singing and we all make one hell of a cast party.
On the playa this year you are invited to become the original members for the "First Church of the Singularity". Take the red pill.
An Immersive version of Shakespeare's A Midsummer Night's Dream in Britains finest Ornamental Garden.

The Times top 50 summer event.
This Halloween season, the Nile Shriners invite you to experience your worst nightmares at Haunted Nightmare Haunted House at the Nile.
My project aims to create an immersive,puzzle solving experience for 40 players.Then turn it into a video game, for you to play'@ hom3'
A interactive step back into history when life was simple.  Stay in a historic home or old fashion rooms.  History coming to life.
A Genie's Place where you enable yourself grant your own wishes. Removing the cloak and dagger of the Occult.
A live-theatrical and animated superhero retelling of the Bible in a 5D projection dome that includes 4D effects and moving seats.
Performing the gritty true stories of modern-day slavery to bring healing through the beauty of pilgrimage during ArtPrize 2016
A horrifyingly intimate, full-sensory experience that blurs the line between fiction and reality coming to San Diego this October.
This is a project for handicapped children and orhpans, aimed to bring joy and heal the great souls of small people and encourage them.
I'm a high school performance literature teacher raising funds for our Renaissance Film Festival. We need costumes and props.
Aftershock is a new company creating art for young and minority audiences in Pittsburgh. Funds support space restoration and 1st season
Set under the train tracks of a parallel London, where Montague and Capulet house speak in Shakespearean slang.
“A Spiritual Journey with Supernatural Experiences Beyond Explanation!”
We will  make classic sci-fi/ horror films become 3D with our circus, dance and film show. Amazing skills, creative technical team!
Please help Wakka Wakka remount BABY UNIVERSE this January - we can not do it without your help!
The gorgeous revelry of this midwinter's performance is a collaboration of creative passions; a collective endeavor expressing love!
Our debut production, a re-imagining of the classical tragedy, set in a post-nuclear Britain. War is coming. All you know will change.
An innovative theatrical extravaganza with heart and guts told with color, spectacle, dance, compelling music and a classic story.
"Dwelling in the Vast Divine" 2014: What doesn't break you – or make you laugh so hard you wet yourself – makes you stronger. Namaste
I am acting on my life-long goal of starting a theater arts group for nyc children to dance, sing, act & have fun learning the arts..
Combining the world of LARP with the world of Anime conventions. This will be an entirely interactive experience of Anime centered LARP
An immersive DINNER THEATER show about food, fun and family.
I want to create a local Haunt that people can enjoy during Halloween. 10 years of exp. Just need the money to start.
A not for profit street theatre company taking balloons and circus workshops to kids all around Thailand
The street airline, SAFEWAYS! Help your favorite airline get new uniforms and travel to a festival near you. Enjoy your flight!
I want to create a community playhouse where people can perform in plays, sing, dance, do stand-up comedy, play music, and have fun.
A devised electronic opera which brings its audience - alone - into an exploration of subconscious desires.
Help me bring back the magic of Christmas to my 4 unhappy roommates by transforming my house into a theater for joyful, absurd pranks.
Six weeks at the Michael Howard Studio in NYC this summer. June 20 —August 2, 2015
A BRAND NEW THEATRICAL EVENT THAT BRINGS BURNING MAN TO YOU
We want to bring the Civil War to life for our community. Soldiers, civilians, horses and cannon! Even a DANCE!! Learning by doing.
Our walk-through visitor attraction in the heart of the City of Nottingham will bring the World of Robin Hood to life.
A live immersive theater show. Come play a live action video game. Your chance to be part of a real game. Don't just watch it, live it.
I'm a librarian who loves dinosaurs. Can we bring a realistic dinosaur to libraries in CT? With your help, you bet Jurassic can.
Laugh-out-loud musical about the closing night party at Floyd's Piano Bar—audiences play along with songs, games, and comedy!
We're a new Young Company trying to get our show to the Edinburgh Fringe Festival, and we need your help!
The opportunity for students in low income theatre groups to really get an understanding of what theatre can do for them.
I channel famous people for students to inspire resilience, cooperation and health. I am raising money to buy costumes.
A studio space devoted to the practice of aerial & rope art. Incorporating fitness, learning and the arts.
Biggest Halloween interactive Haunted House in a small town. Highly anticipated GHOULISH annual event. Need your help to grow & scare!!
An immersive and cooperative theater experience that combines D&D and folklore in a fun and exciting way.
A horrifyingly intimate, full-sensory, full-body experience that blurs the line between fiction and reality coming this October.
Theatre up close and personal, where acting is totally improv and interaction with the audience is key.
An internationally collaborative art project that aims to strengthen social and cultural ties between the United States and Vietnam.
We are a small Artist led group who deliver Literacy workshops in schools. We focus on raising Literacy levels through theatre.
A blood curdling, heart pounding, non stop action piece of immersive theatre that breaks all boundaries. Not for the faint hearted.
Fear Walk™ is a 12 hour, over-night, haunted camping experience through the depths of the woods. Immerse Yourself.
Introducing extrovert TV Chef Felicity Staywell. This performance installation playfully asks what is celebrity and why do we value it?
In the interactive comedy, FROZEN STYPH, Max Styph has had himself frozen and audience members have gathered to remember him.
All-volunteer Haunted House run by teens and young adults as a mentoring program.  Built from scratch each year showcasing young talent
When was the last time you went to a play and it touched your soul? #LeaveYourHeartOnTheStage #BlackHeart
Thistle & Bee and Project 1 are collaborating on the creation of a unique theatrical experience about human sex trafficking in Memphis
Enabling access to the world of magic for sensory impaired and disabled people
The Journey is an immersive, interactive walk-through portraying some of the scenes and events leading up to the birth of Christ.
Philly region presents Witch doctors, alien-shamans, and astral surgeons; bazaar, for your transformational needs at Burning Man 2014
We are creating an opportunity for children to immerse themselves in the performing arts!
ASP is Atlanta's premiere Birthday Entertainment Company, dedicated to bringing Comic and Movie Magic to your Little Hero's big day!
For the performance of ON THE LINE we will create a short film. To make this happen, we need a little support.
Fireside Tales offers a chance to escape the everyday, evenings of magical tales told in enchanting places a unique theatre experience.
We will depict the story of the Light and Dark Faerie Court through an interactive theater experience, complete with music and dance!
Home Haunt 2015 is a haunted walkthrough we hope to create this year to entertain the public on Halloween.
Haunted brings together nonprofit organizations for this frightful annual event - together we can make it scarier than ever!
Project Z will be an immersive zombie experience with story lines. Create your own plan of action to tackle the horde and survive!
The Breathe Conference: High level show-production; innovative worship; family oriented; inclusive for children with special-needs.
I love reading stories to anyone who will listen, help me buy some recording equipment and I'll read to you too!
Get ready for the Shakespeare experience of a lifetime! You've never seen "A Midsummer Night's Dream" quite like this.
This camp runs 9/12 months out of the year with different levels of terror to choose from, this overnight stay is unlike anything else!
On the playa this year, experience reality as a crowd-sourced sim. "First Church of the Singularity". Take the red pill.
We must Find Rob Jecock, who used to live in our flat - Windsor House. We'll try anything: Letters, billboards, sky-writing etc.
Ready for some prehistoric fun!!!? Take a bite of this!!!! Invite over a DINOSAUR for a special event!
Bio-hazard:The Interactive Zombie Survival Experience sends people to try to survive a zombie filled maze where they defend themselves!
Theatre not for the weak.
Awaken will be a totally immersive, custom built, haunted house experience in the Tampa Bay area.
Recreating Ancient Rome is a traveling exhibit intended to educate the public and to inspire people to examine life in antiquity.
Cult Freak is a theatrical collective of performance artists, burlesque star, circus and cabaret treasures.
MIASMA is an intense, immersive horror event for those long jaded with the standard haunted house. You may only attend alone.
short film project showcasing Australias best swimming holes waterfalls and cliff divers also covering safety and progression
The Honey Shack Haunted House is a walk-through Halloween Haunted Attraction to open in the Fall of 2015 in the Metro Atlanta area.
Welcome, due to your help, we got our new place last year. It still needs more work to make it all useable and to get ready for  2015
The most terrifying haunted attraction ever made!  A home for horror fanatics and thrill seekers looking for a good scare!
Several characters - several personalities - engulfed in a world of pain and torment - one shared experience - one way out!
A new and existing way to celebrate Halloween with lights,sounds and some really good Halloween fun when darkness falls it all starts.
Social Theater is located on the frontier between fiction and reality and we can cross this border to find solutions for social issues.
The Hillbilly Haunted House is just what the Spokane WA area needs to make the Halloween season the best season of the year!
An Expanded Cinematic Experience.
Programa de radioteatro de misterio.
Historias y guiones inéditos. 
Queremos aportar frescura a un formato clásico.
Our Intention is to raise funds for our Coffee Cookie theatrical production.
The Kingdom’s mission is to be recognized as the premier leader in the Medieval reenactment industry on an international level.
Life will be given to dreams. We shine a light on the undiscovered.  We develop innovative and immersive storytelling for the theatre.
Owning a Stormtrooper suit is clearly his calling. If Scott's childhood dreams are any indication, he's been owed this for a while.
Do you have something POWERFUL to share with the world? 
Are you ready to ACTIVATE what's inside of you? 
This is your moment.
Une fois la nuit tombée, les règles éclatent...
CRU-Spectacle performatif théâtral et musical dans un bar de Montréal. 
18 ans et +
we our a group of young people doing live comedy shows about the occult, paranormal and macabre, we need funding for equipment.
My community out reach project needs a little bit more help. Help me finish funding please. Savvy?
A live professional wrestling company on our way to becoming a bigger and better company.
This show-and-dine venue has patrons becoming contestants in a super-realistic game show that is produced as an Internet TV channel.
In this theatrical experience, I immerse the crowd in beautiful vibrations that bathe over them causing sensations of emotions.
Help turn this simple man from humble cosplayer into a George R. R. Martin celebrity impersonator!
A bed and breakfast with a murderous twist set in the house where the infamous Buffalo Bill kept his victims.
Take a theatrical tour of Whitehorse, YK following Frederick Trump's rise to fortune with booze and ladies of the night.
Immerse yourself in the life and teachings of John Paul II and learn your gifts and talents while enjoying the tranquility of nature.
looking for investors to help me  expand my steampunk/Haunted House Prop store  , we will be giving away great rewards ,   more to come
Meet a dancing albatross as we take this poem to sea aboard the schooner Alma, breathing life into the lines while sailing the SF bay.
Hart of Fear is returning to where it all began..and we're bringing a fully immersive haunted attraction to the Emerald Coast!
Join Johannes Cabal the Necromancer as he tries to collect 100 souls through his demonic carnival. Fun for all ages! Halloween Night!
Total immersion dinner theatre and craft brew house.
Whitsunday Supercars gives visitors to this magical area a chance to immerse themselves in the beauty and theatre of scenery and cars.
Get ready for the Shakespeare experience of a lifetime! You've never seen "A Midsummer Night's Dream" quite like this.
We are building an Accurate Historical Viking Village that people can visit and experience life as it would have existed 1000 years ago
Help us create the first 360 live broadcast immersive cabaret !
We dream of the first 360 live show ever broadcast worldwide into VR !
Please help Wakka Wakka remount BABY UNIVERSE this January - we can not do it without your help!
Hewin' Goals will celebrate the 125th anniversary of the Northern League, the world's second oldest surviving football league.
Our Behavioral Therapy Cats, Waffle the Warrior Cat and Princess Tirzah, provide a live stage purr-formance of fun and inspiration!
An immersive piece of theatre created by a cast of young actors, featuring scenes inspired by well-known literary characters.
Please go to hamlet.peatix.com to support this project.  Ticket prices have now changed to $125.  Thank you for your time.
A stage show using cutting-edge interception technology to reveal the hidden communications of a gadget many of us carry everywhere...
A powerful story of love and devotion, and the strange world that exists between consciousness and unconsciousness.
#RAWr #HipHopShow tours Texas this summer. The elements boiling out of NYC back to Rachel's homeland. Uplifting in a volatile year.
Resurrect the country's most intense haunted house! New Orleans' House of Shock needs your help to fund its terrifying 2015 comeback.
The goal is to afford a stage to work our craft in frount of live crowds and pratice our action acting on camera and share it with all.
Respectfully supporting, showcasing , communicating, and therefore building meaningful acting careers one audition at a time.
As finalization of a trip home to WI to visit my fam and dog, the flight booked for the wrong month, and we can't afford to change it.
After years of camp experience and surviving high school with "Nerd" plastered to them, this team is taking back the word for everyone.
Paranoid will be the most advanced haunt ever. Utilizing technology to heighten the guests experience.
The inaugural 1920s-themed Grand Prix of Scottsdale will roar through the streets of downtown Scottsdale, AZ on November 7, 2015
Making an ill wifes dream try to come true. Please help us.
Girlfriend been aroung europe for a month. Short film following journey to surprising her in her final destination
You all know that spectacular interview by Coutney Barnes right? If you don't, you should! Because he's wonderful and needs our help!
Many Australian's and people around the world would like to Shirtfront Tony Abbott. He missed out on Putin so I would like to!
