We're moving to a new space and upgrading our facilities to continue providing a local theatre venue and arts education program!
Cat People Unite! It's time we get a space of our own to relax, socialize and learn! Join the Catmunity!
Help light the lights at the historic Fischer Theatre in Danville, IL.
Restless Artists' Theatre members are volunteering time to build risers for our patrons.  We need to purchase the raw materials.
¡Tu nuevo espacio cultural multidisciplinario en el centro de Pachuca, Hidalgo
I've created a live workshop for men who cannot afford it, giving them an opportunity to have healing, peace & love in their lives.
A new performance space in Seattle. A place for artists, comedians, and audiences to meet and collaborate!
A place where innovation, food, creativity and performance live year round in a historic building in Pioneer Square.
We're aiming to launch a production involving circus performers, musicians and artists in a new space, creating a night of live art.
Voix de Ville is a pop-up imaginarium of neo-vaudeville, musical extravaganza, circus arts, comedy, and theatre in a tiny circus tent!
Help support the Acro-Cats kitten and cat rescue and adoption effort! They need a bus to continue finding felines homes across the US.
Angel Comedy Club: A permanent home for London’s loveliest comedy night - a community comedy club
Give contemporary circus an artistic home in America.  Help us launch the nation’s first higher education program for circus.
Building Brooklyn's own creative venue for circus, theater and events of all types.
The creators of Five Dollar Comedy Week are building a permanent home for affordable live comedy shows and classes in Philadelphia.
Love comedy? Get involved in creating a dedicated space for alternative comedy in Berlin.

(Das Video ist untertitelt. Klicke auf CC)
ONLY HOURS LEFT ON THE CAMPAIGN! Our stretch goal is $35k; let's build a home for standup/improv shows & classes in VT!
The Bard has burst beyond the big top and we're reaching out to our Beloved Benefactors to help build our festival's future.
The Crane will be the new home for independent theater in Northeast Minneapolis
Renovating this historical landmark, into an arts venue and theatre space for the community.
Dad's Garage Theatre Company needs your help buying our new, forever home by hitting our $150,000 STRETCH GOAL!
A traveling wooden wagon that transforms into a theatrical playing space presenting FREE original performance while building community!
From the moment we flew in to the world of The Circus, we have dreamed of opening our own studio. Help us get our dream off the ground!
Our high school theater in Allentown, New Jersey was rad - in 1972. Help us bring our theater into present day and light up our stage!
An improv, sketch and experimental comedy and cocktail venue in downtown Grand Rapids, Michigan
We are fundraising to create a Dublin based circus training centre for public and professionals to learn, upskill, perform and teach.
Bring the movies back to Bethel, Maine.
We are a non-profit revitalizing the Gloria Theatre - our gift to the community - and we need your help #arts #community #theater
A new intimate listening room with tables & theatre seating where artist & fans connect through music, comedy & performing arts.
Creating a non-profit CAFE & VILLAGE COMMONS in SE Portland, in service to Neighbors, Kids, Artists & the Underserved
Help us build the Kitchen from Hell!
Pretty please with popcorn on top!Help!!

Our family owned & operated Theatre in Fairfax VA is looking to get help upgrading our seats.
Help the hosts of the infamous St. Michael sustain and create epic boat parties through Halloween and into 2015
Keeping the drive-in culture alive for 6 years, we now ask for your help so we can CREATE A NEW HOME and save 35MM movies!
A permanent home for comedy in Connecticut in the heart of downtown Hartford.
The New Movement works tirelessly to put Nola on the comedy map. This project will upgrade our theater and production facilities.
A benefit show featuring musicians, dancers & poets all under age 30 to raise money in support of LGBTQ rights and programs.
Support the circus arts and help our aerial students work with more height. With your support, we will install beams at 19ft!
Since October 2015 the Shoebox Theatre has become a hub of creativity - The next step in our journey is to hang stage curtains!
At the end of October 2016, 2nd Story will be moving from its current office space to a storefront space in Albany Park, Chicago, IL.
Help us launch a new performing arts complex in Cambridge! The Thalia provides space for performance, rehearsals, and collaboration!
Antonia Goddard Productions in association with Jethro Compton Productions presents THE NIGHT WATCH, an exciting new historical drama.
Steel City Improv Theater has found a new space in the Shadyside neighborhood of Pittsburgh and we're raising $5000 to build it!
Be part of building Cardiff's first pub theatre, located right in the city centre. Launching January 2015.
Wavy says let's LIGHT UP THE RAINBOW STAGE and as our stretch reward we'll throw all of us a PARTY!
We have a space! Help us fill it with a stage, chairs, gear and audiences' laughter!
We're building a new theatre venue in Austin! Austin is growing, but we are losing space for artists- help us keep local theatre alive!
Guilford Center Stage is a new project bringing theater to our 1896 Grange; we need to purchase simple theater lighting for our stage.
Blue Thyme Nights is the production of Am I Blue by Beth Henley & Thymus Vulgaris by Lanford  Wilson.

Artwork by Charlotte Ager
One night only, not-for-profit, neighborhood haunted attraction that will scare your mask off! Coming this Halloween.
Finally Stagelights will have a space of our very own!  Be a part of this exciting new adventure in Greensboro!!
Help create a permanent home for live comedy shows and classes in Downtown RVA.
Help Synetic Theater create a new Studio to produce amazing  shows in the 2013/14 season and train awesome artists of all ages!
SHE&HER PRODUCTIONS! New Space.. New SHOW! We have a home in KC West Bottoms, the Crane Building. We need your help turning this space into a theater!
Our little theater needs some love. We took over a lab and need to make our space look more inviting and well, like a theater!
After 22 yrs downstairs we are "getting out of  our parents basement" and building a new 50 seat theater in a new location.
48 hours of deck screws, dry wall, hard hats and needed renovation to help the Jayhawk rise from the ashes.
Privet! Hello! Bon Jour! We are the Arlekin Players Theatre and we need a home.
Hope Mill Theatre is a brand new Fringe Theatre in the heart of Manchester city - bringing a diverse programme of entertainment!
Introducing The Post at 750! Join us in the creation of Vancouver's most exciting new cultural space in the heart of downtown.
Minnsky's - a theater in the Minneapolis NE Arts District that will harken back to a time of Vaudeville and Circus Entertainment!
Walmart decided they wanted our space, so we had to move to a new theater. Help us make it an awesome space by painting it all black!
Your opportunity to help improvMANIA open Chandler, Arizona's new home for family-friendly improv comedy in Historic Downtown Chandler!
Get Scene Studios and Highwire Comedy Co. creating an amazing training facility and theater for Atlanta comedy and film talent!
Make the workshop/ small stage space at Jimmy's No 43 even better than before!
We finally found a place to call home! Help us move in to (and collaborate with) the NEW Fischer Creative Arts Center in Waukesha, WI!
The Agawam Cinemas is to be successfully reopened by new ownership and the twin theaters must be converted to digital projection.
Pangea House is a collectively run, all ages music venue and community space in desperate need of some renovation and updates.
We're an affordable theatre and rental space that can be molded into anything by anyone.
Consuite for 2015 CoreCon.  An adventure into insanity.
Help fund Silver Spring Stage's HVAC costs for the upcoming year! Don't leave us out in the cold (pun intended)!
The Montauk Surf Museum will present ocean science, as well as the art and history of surfing to visitors and schools in creative ways.
Help Curious Comedy evolve into an independent comedy theater with a complete professional digital production studio built right in.
STC & the Sheboygan Area School District are working tirelessly to renovate our 30-year-old sound system. Help us sound better for you!
Necesitamos tu ayuda para poder llevar la magia del teatro universitario al Teatro Lagrada de Madrid el 23 de diciembre :)
Spring Theatre has recently found a new home in the heart of Winston Salem. We need your help for an up-lifting up-fit!
Barebones Productions is developing a new theater and performance facility in Braddock, Pa. "The barebones black box"
Help build an immersion experience for kids to have fun with Santa and make their Christmas season shine just a little bit brighter.
We're turning an old yogurt shop into a live theater in downtown Charleston.   Please help us hang our sign!
Let there be sound! Make our new theatre more accessible by installing a modern sound and hearing assistance system for our audience.
Help us build a 200 seat theater and classroom space in North Andover, MA. Let's get kids off the screens, and into the spotlight!
Le projet vise la création d’un lieu de résidence, recherche et formation dédié à l'art vivant, l'image et la narration.
We plan to transition from 35mm to the new digital projection format to continue to show current first run films for our community.
Any donation--big or small--will help us upgrade our studio/rehearsal space into a black box theater and offer even more programs.
By matching donations up to $5000, Jack Kesler and Maurice Richards have challenged YOU to help Urbanite outfit their brand new space.
Pickerington Community Theatre is seeking donations to purchase a Pipe & Drape system to increase staging possibilities for the company
Help fund The Black Pearl Consuite at CoreCon VIII: On Ancient Seas!
Hi! We're the Graduating Seniors Acting V Seniors at Temple University! Welcome to our Kick starter Page!
The ABC tour: 26 comedy-juggling shows in 26 different venues - chosen by YOU - each beginning with a different letter of the alphabet.
We desire to purchase a portion of Hell, in Michigan just outside of Detroit, to create a world-class performance art space.  Join us.
Sustainable, fire-proof, carbon-negative, and all-season recreation of the Globe Theater made famous by Shakespeare, with gardens.
Help! is a full scale mobile theatrical musical bringing a Gospel revival through a story of love and hope to communities world wide.
Help expand the time of everyones favorite magic store!  It currently limited to 3 days a week. If not for you, then the children!
Crystal City Underground is a New & Unique
indoor recreational facility, using an old silica sand mine,
we are the Haunted Maze
18-yr-old handicap-access ramp collapsed, must replace. Help fund & ensure everyone access to our 35-seat non-profit community theater!
Get behind a new music venue in our city by helping with equipment! We're pre-selling tickets to our party and offering other perks.
A memorable theatre experience in the middle of Genoa's old town. Summer is coming and we have no intention to stop making you laugh.
Austin's "Full Service Rehearsal Space", APS is a comfortable, convenient place for the theater community to develop scripted plays.
We believe it's time to open a visitor's center that highlights the small towns of the upper Midwest.
A community space in Somerville, MA to celebrate the beautiful intersection of sports and creativity.
To create a space by restoring a historic church in Burlington, Ky where community theater, dance and music and art can be performed.
Roanoke, Virginia's first long-form improv theatre company. Producing improv and scripted theatre, with a dynamic training program.
Our goal is to purchase a theater on the Upper East Side of Manhattan that will act as a home for four theater companies.
Jump in the deep end of the provocative and darkly humourous, POOL (NO WATER)...to be performed in a Pool!  Directed by Gordon McCall.
This is a Kickstarter to help with the start up costs for Illusionist, Chris Lengyel's Summer 2016 Tour!
We are a small theatre company looking to provide world class theatre to the working class in the Greater New York area.
To create a learning center for acting and all art types including anything that expresses the emotion of the human spirit.
The Bunker makes theatre with purpose: We provide ambitious artists a home in which to share their work with adventurous audiences.
A magical space, full of fairytale favorites, designed to make each individual have a unique experience; children's dreams made real.
I would like to screen this documentary at CSU at their Black Studies Dept. Looking to fly panelist in. Hoping to screen nationwide. <3
Friends for Change, a group of girls between the ages of 12 and 18 are building an outdoor Amphitheater as a gift to our community!
Labellisé 14-18, Mots Écrits est un projet itinérant de lectures à voix haute par des amateurs, mises en espace par une comédienne.
Imagine being able to take a performance anywhere! Meet the Theatre Bath Bus - a magical performance space where anything is possible.
Creating a place for local artists to perform, at substantially less cost for them
The Loft is CQEAP's latest studio. Located in Rockhampton's CBD we'll be running performing arts workshops for 5yrs to adults.
My hope is to raise $5845 and replace old stained and mismatched border curtains, cyclorama curtain, and backdrop.
Help fund the exciting first collaboration between Hotel Echo and Bristol Cathedral: WILD MEN, a show commemorating those lost in WW1.
When opportunity knocks, we answer!  Help expand the ravishingly talented troupe into a new and exciting market and venue!
We need a permanent home for the theater!
Help us exceed our goal to convert the Sidney Auto Vue Drive-In from 35mm to digital. This will cost upwards of $75,000. Thank you!
Help All Puppet Players perform it's 2015 season in a beautiful 200 seat theater for an entire year.
To let the arts continue in Walker Minnesota We need a performing arts space and art gallery
Showroom is a multi-disciplinary space providing unorthodox concerts, events & a platform creatives can express their creative vision
A "haunted house" that benefits the community by helping local college students with volunteer hours and helping out local charities.
I have been in the Surfing business since 1962 have a collection of surfing memorabilia I would like to open a surfing museum
Looking to establish a communal space for art shows, bands, farmer's markets, environmental education, and traditional skills.
A series of 6 educational theme parks. This project is to fund the plans and 3D designs required to build the first park.
Restoration of a theatre to make an educational center for youngs and a place to socialize for everybody through the power of art.
We, as a theatre, are 50 years old and our lights and building are even older so we are looking to update and revamp our lights.
Save the historic Roxy theatre in Bremerton WA from being repurposed as office space.
Save a historic Local theater.
In our 30th year we are relocating to the world famous Choo Choo on The South Side. We will be remodeling the old Station House.
Members of the local Miami music scene are putting together a venue/creative space in Kendall!
An epicenter for connection, creation and expression of the community.
A castle themed events center with large and small spaces to support a variety of arts i.e. performing, visual, music, theater, dance
Our mission is to offer an innovative family watersports attraction that is fun, safe, economical and a leader in its field.
Host a special event in your home, collect donations and turn containers in the foyer to a comfortable welcoming place to sit & chat!
Hearing loops will be installed in theaters to give hearing loss sufferers with cochlear implants and hearing aids much needed access.
708 STL is ONE of a kind! The Best Burlesque & Vaudeville, plus singing/dancing waitresses, high end comfort food & GREAT craft beer!
Liverpool's 1st purpose built 7 night a week comedy club, bar & restaurant with live music & much more
Anyone can create. They just need a place and an opportunity. The Echo Theatre (Provo) provides that opportunity.
Crosswalk Theatre Company - Network Directory promotes all stage talent. Increasing your odds to connect to the right hiring person.
Conversion of a long dormant synagogue into a Performing and Visual Arts Center, revitalizing Rochester's inner city.
Création d'un théâtre de marionnettes automatisées et informatisées portant sur la nature et l'écologie.
"La symphonie du monde"
Magic Morgan & Liliana are raising funds to expand their famed traveling magic show to a theater of magic.
Helping female comedians get in their 10,000 Hours of practice!
Help replace a broken chairlift with a vertical lift making all forms of arts and education accessible on our historical antique stage.
An arts and craft beer theater showcasing local talent, locally crafted beer and providing performance and rehearsal space.
A scary place to bring your friends. Interactive so that the people that were scared before get to scare others later. A diner on site.
We are creating a mobile community devoted to the spreading and sharing of spoken word and other kinds of storytelling.
Creating a consuite for CoreCon. A focus on the insanity of asylums and early medical practices from history.
Performing Arts workshops, for young people aged 5 -16, exploring how the sea has shaped Cowes as a settlement.
Children only have a short period of time to live care free, play hard, get dirty, I want to help every child in my Town play everyday.
Where people that enjoy theater, or just something new can go to have fun and experience varying types of theater in Albuquerque.
I have set up a new theatre company, and am looking to raise funds to purchase a venue with a difference to a standard theatre.
Bringing Health, Wellness and Creative Empowerment to an active community in a whole new way... are you ready to 'FLOAT', Duluth?
The Space Opera is an action packed reenactment of Xenu's story, a sacred teaching thats considered a secret of the Scientology church
This center will be open to any and all people regardless of their religion.   We will be offering art, music, empowerment, and more!
Help www.KidZoneMuseum.org grow to serve children 1-18 with science, engineering, arts and PLAY especially low-income families.
a magical place for all kind of people, like a fairytaile in all colours
An Information center downTOWN Buffalo...find directions to places of interest, events, eateries, lodging, maps, postcards and books.
Wij willen Tropicana het subtropisch zwemparadijs van Rotterdam op een nieuwe locatie gaan bouwen.
Ovations wants to buy property to open a variety club to become the 1st minority owned club in Cincy, focusing on artists on the rise.
YOUR community theatre:  provide a facility that is usable for presentation of movies, live music, live theatre and community events
Building a Resource Network and Funding Capacity to support, empower and promote Afrocentric Arts in Metro Columbus
Our vision: build and operate a Theater Arts Center for south-central Washington state in Goldendale.
Stage Door Theater needs a stage for its current and future productions. Can you help?
Family-owned and community-operated haunted Halloween attraction in Bladensburg, OH, needs your help to grow bigger!
Theatre in Tuscaloosa, AL built in the 1930s.  The headsets seem about that old. They are almost unusable.
Chicago Based Theater Company and Venue Dedicated to Social Justice and Mainstreaming the Palestinian Narrative
A magical, unique, theatre bus which aims to inspire the creative communities around Bath and create unique performance opportunities.
A building w/office, rehearsal space and classrooms centered on performing arts.
Brentwood Theater Company is a non-profit 501(c)(3)
Mountain Haven transforms a former disused Mt Laguna Church into space for celebrations, events, learning, conferences, retreats & more
I want to purchase the former Bread Of Life Church and convert it into a multipurpose theater space for local talent.
Built in the late 1800's, this 70K sq. feet estate has fallen into disrepair.  Seeking to buy and convert to useful space
I going to build a theatre for a local ant farm so that Ants can put on their theatre productions.
nan
A big dream, small budget, the drive/passion of so many volunteers...indoor skatepark in Eau Claire, WI.

This is UR skatepark!
Our goal - create a venue & stage where comedic & music artists hone their talents & fan base. First minority owned like it in Cincy.
cancelled until further notice
The Larchmont Playhouse is threatened! Help save the theater by becoming a Preservation Member of The Larchmont Playhouse.
A place where kids/ teens' dreams come true, and one finds there home without sparkly red shoes!
